<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1674356_0001674356-24-000033.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13314083</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>153580</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1809654</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5540431</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2813900</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2682363</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001674356-24-000033.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108170001
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001674356-24-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Terra Property Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674356
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40496
		FILM NUMBER:		241441568

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		805 THIRD AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-754-5100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		805 THIRD AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001674356-24-000033.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 tpt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tpt-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 
 Class B Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 8, 2024, the registrant had shares of Class B Common Stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding. No market value has been computed based upon the fact that no active trading market had been established as of the date of this document. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 56 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 57 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 57 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 57 
 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 57 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 57 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 57 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 57 
 Signatures 
 59 

1 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Terra Property Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash held in escrow by lender Marketable securities Loans held for investment, net of allowance for credit losses of 
 and 
 Loans held for investment acquired through participation, net of allowance for credit losses 
 of and 
 Equity investment in unconsolidated investments Real estate owned, net Note 5 
 Land, building and building improvements, net Lease intangible assets, net Interest receivable Due from related parties Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities: Unsecured notes payable, net Secured financing agreements, net Obligations under participation agreements Note 7 
 Interest reserve and other deposits held on investments Lease intangible liabilities, net Note 5 
 Due to Manager Note 7 
 Interest payable Accounts payable and accrued expenses Unearned income Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 9 
 par value, shares authorized and issued 
 Class A Common Stock, par value, shares authorized and shares 
 issued, as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Class B Common Stock, par value, shares authorized and 
 and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 
 December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements . 
 2 

Terra Property Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Interest income Real estate operating revenue Other operating income Operating expenses Operating expenses reimbursed to Manager Asset management fee Asset servicing fee (Reversal of) provision for credit losses ) Real estate operating expenses Depreciation and amortization Professional fees Directors fees Other Impairment charge Operating income (loss) ) ) Other income and expenses Interest expense on secured financing ) ) ) ) Interest expense on unsecured notes payable ) ) ) ) Interest expense on obligations under participation agreements ) ) ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net ) ) ) Income (loss) from equity investment in unconsolidated investments ) Loss on repayment of loan ) ) Gain on extinguishment of debt Realized loss on investments, net ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Series A preferred stock dividend declared ) Net loss allocable to common stock ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Per share data Loss per share basic and diluted 
 Weighted-average shares basic and diluted 
 Distributions declared per common share 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Terra Property Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Preferred Stock Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Par Value 
 Par Value 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Equity Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Shares issued from reinvestment of shareholder distributions Distributions declared on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized loss on available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Shares issued from reinvestment of shareholder distributions Distributions declared on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gain on available-for-sale debt securities Balance at June 30, 2024 
 ) ) Shares issued from reinvestment of shareholder distributions Distributions declared on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gain on available-for-sale debt securities Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements . 

4 

Terra Property Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Preferred Stock Series A Cumulative Non-Voting Preferred Stock 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Par Value 
 Par Value 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Total equity Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Cumulative effect of credit loss 
 accounting standard effective 
 January 1, 2023 Note 2 

 ) ) Shares issued from reinvestment of shareholder distributions Redemption of Series A Preferred Stock ) ) ) Distributions declared on common 
 shares per share) 
 ) ) Distributions declared on preferred shares ) ) Net income Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Shares issued from reinvestment of shareholder distributions Distributions declared on common 
 shares per share) 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Shares issued from reinvestment of shareholder distributions Distributions declared on common 
 shares per share) 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements . 
 5 

Terra Property Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses Amortization of net purchase premiums on loans Straight-line rent adjustments ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of discount on unsecured notes payable Amortization of above- and below-market rent intangibles ) ) Amortization and accretion of investment-related fees, net ) ) Amortization of above-market rent ground lease ) Impairment charge Loss on repayment of loan Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Realized loss on investments, net Unrealized (gain) loss on investments, net ) Distributions received from equity investment in unconsolidated investments (Income) loss from equity investment in unconsolidated investments ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Deal deposits Interest receivable ) Due from related parties ) ) Other assets ) Due to Manager ) Unearned income ) Interest payable ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Terra Property Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from repayments of loans Origination, purchase and funding of loans ) ) Purchase of equity interests in unconsolidated investments ) ) Distributions received in excess of equity income Repayments of promissory note receivable Funding for promissory note receivable ) Proceeds from sale of marketable securities Purchase of marketable securities ) Purchase of equity securities ) Purchase of held-to-maturity securities ) Proceeds from redemption of held-for-maturity securities Purchase of real estate properties ) Cash acquired in purchase of real estate Return of capital on equity interests in unconsolidated investments Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Principal repayments on secured financing ) ) Proceeds from secured financing Proceeds from obligations under participation agreements Distributions paid ) ) Payment of financing costs ) ) Change in interest reserve and other deposits held on investments ) Redemption of Series A Preferred Stock ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Note 2 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flows Information: 
 Cash paid for interest Supplemental non-cash information: Reinvestment of shareholder distributions 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Terra Property Trust, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 
 Supplemental non-cash investing information: 
 In May 2023, the Company acquired industrial buildings for a million cash payment and the settlement of a mezzanine loan that was accounted for as an equity investment and senior loans that were held for investment. The following table presents a summary of the total capitalized costs and the values of the net assets acquired: 
 
 Total Capitalized Costs: Cash and cash equivalents Loans held for investment Equity investment in unconsolidated investment Interest receivable Other assets Net Assets Acquired Cash and cash equivalents Other assets Land Buildings and Improvements Intangible asset and liability: In-please lease Below-market rent ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements . 
 
 8 

Terra Property Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 

Note 1. 
 
 million to million range, which in the Company s experience have been subject to less competition, offer higher risk-adjusted returns than larger loans with similar risk metrics and facilitate portfolio diversification . The Company may also make strategic real estate equity and non-real estate-related investments that align with its investment objectives and criteria . 
 
 On January 1, 2016, Terra Secured Income Fund 5, LLC Terra Fund 5 ), the Company s then parent, contributed its consolidated portfolio of net assets to the Company pursuant to a contribution agreement in exchange for shares of the Company s common stock. Upon receipt of the contribution of the consolidated portfolio of net assets from Terra Fund 5, the Company commenced its operations on January 1, 2016. On March 2, 2020, the Company engaged in a series of transactions pursuant to which the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock in exchange for the settlement of an aggregate of million of participation interests in loans held by the Company, cash of million and other working capital. 
 
 The Company has elected to be taxed, and to qualify annually thereafter, as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code ), commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2016. As a REIT, the Company is not subject to federal income taxes on income and gains distributed to the stockholders as long as certain requirements are satisfied, principally relating to the nature of income and the level of distributions, as well as other factors. The Company also operates its business in a manner that permits it to maintain its exemption from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). 
 
 The Company s investment activities are externally managed by Terra REIT Advisors, LLC (the Manager ), a subsidiary of the Company s sponsor, Terra Capital Partners, LLC Terra Capital Partners ), pursuant to a management agreement (the Management Agreement ), under the oversight of the Company s board of directors (the Board ( Note 7 ). The Company does not currently have any employees and does not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for the Company s business are provided by individuals who are employees of the Manager or by individuals who were contracted by the Company or by the Manager to work on behalf of the Company pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement. 
 
 On October 1, 2022, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 2, 2022 (the Merger Agreement ), Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. Terra BDC ), merged with and into Terra Income Fund 6, LLC Terra LLC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, with Terra LLC continuing as the surviving entity of the merger (the BDC Merger and as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the transactions described in the Merger Agreement, approximately shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock, par value per share Class B Common Stock ), were issued to former Terra BDC stockholders in connection with the BDC Merger, based on the number of outstanding shares of Terra BDC Common Stock as of October 1, 2022. 
 
 On December 20, 2023, Terra Fund 5 announced that effective December 29, 2023 (the Distribution Date ), Terra Fund 5 would distribute all of its shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock to its members as part of the winding up of Terra Fund 5. On the Distribution Date, each member of Terra Fund 5 received shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock for each unit of membership interest in Terra Fund 5 held by such member. Because Terra Fund 5 previously owned its interests in the shares of Class B Common Stock indirectly through its ownership of interests in Terra JV, LLC Terra JV ), prior to the Distribution Date, Terra JV first distributed the shares of Class B Common Stock to Terra Fund 5 and Terra Secured Income Fund 7, LLC Terra Fund 7 ), and Terra Fund 5 then distributed those shares to its members on the Distribution Date and Terra Fund 7 became a direct stockholder of the Company s Class B Common Stock. 
 
 9 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

and , respectively, of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. 

Note 2. 

10 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

million increase to total reserve, including reserve on future funding commitments, which was recognized as a cumulative-effect adjustment to member s capital as of January 1, 2023. Subsequent to the adoption of the CECL methodology, any increase or decrease to the allowance for credit losses is recorded in earnings on the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Performing Loans 
 The Company uses a model-based approach for estimating the allowance for credit losses on performing loans on a collective basis, including future funding commitments for which the Company does not have the unconditional right to cancel, as these loans share similar risk characteristics. The Company utilizes information obtained from internal and external sources relating to past events, current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future to determine the expected credit losses for its loan portfolio. The Company utilizes a commercial mortgage-based, third-party loan loss model and because the Company does not have a meaningful history of realized credit losses on its loan portfolio, it subscribes to a database service to provide historical proxy loan loss information. The Company employs logistic regression to forecast expected losses at the loan level based on a commercial real estate loan securitization database that contains activity dating back to 1998. The Company has chosen to incorporate a weighted average macroeconomic forecast that encompasses baseline, upside and downside scenarios, into its allowance for credit losses on performing loans estimate during the reasonable and supportable forecast period which is currently eight quarters. The Company selects certain economics variables from a group of independent variables such as Commercial Real Estate Price Index, unemployment and interest rate which are included in the model as part of macroeconomic forecast and updated regularly based on current economic trends. The specific loan level information input into the model includes loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratio metrics, as well as principal balances, property type, location, coupon rate, coupon rate type, original or remaining term, expected repayment dates and contractual future funding commitments. Based on the inputs, the loan loss model determines a loan loss rate through the generation of a probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) for each loan. The allowance for credit losses on performing loans is then calculated by applying the loan loss rate to the total outstanding loan balance of each loan. A significant amount of judgment is applied in selecting inputs and analyzing results produced by the models to determine the allowance for credit losses on performing loans. Changes in such estimates can significantly affect the expected credit losses. 
 Beyond the Company s reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company reverts to historical loss information on a straight-line basis over the remaining contractual loan term, taken from a period that most accurately reflects the expectation of conditions expected to exist during the period of reversion. The Company may adjust historical loss information for differences in risk that may not reflect the characteristics of its current portfolio, including but not limited to, loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratios, among other relevant factors. The method of reversion selected represents the best estimate of the collectability of the investments and is reevaluated each reporting period. 
 The determination of the performing loans credit loss estimate considers historical loss information and current economic conditions for each loan, reversion period and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future. The reasonable and supportable forecast period is determined based on the Company s assessment of the most likely scenario of assumptions and plausible outcomes for the U.S. economy. The Company regularly evaluates the reasonable and supportable forecast period to determine if a change is needed. 
 The Company also performs a qualitative assessment and applies qualitative adjustments as necessary, usually due to limitations of the loan loss model. The Company s qualitative analysis includes a review of data that may directly impact its estimates including internal and external information about the loan or property including current market conditions, asset specific conditions, property operations or borrower/sponsor details (i.e., refinance, sale, bankruptcy) which allows the Company to determine the amount of the expected loss more accurately and reasonably for these investments. The Company also evaluates the contractual life of its loans to determine if changes are needed for certain contractual extension options, renewals, modifications, and prepayments. 
 Unfunded Commitments 
 Some of the Company s performing loans include commitments to fund incremental proceeds to the borrowers over the life of the loan and these unfunded commitments are also subject to the CECL methodology because the Company does not have an unconditional right to cancel such commitments. The allowance for credit losses related to unfunded commitments is recorded as a component of other liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. This allowance for credit losses is estimated using the same method outlined above for the Company s outstanding performing loan balances and increases or decreases are also recorded in earnings on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 11 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

loan and loans, respectively, that were not secured by real estate. These loans, which are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets, are recorded at amortized cost. The Company performs a separate analysis based on recoverability to determine the allowance for credit losses on these loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not record any allowance for credit losses on these loans because the Company believes that it will be able to collect all outstanding interest and principal on or before the maturity date of each loan. 

12 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

years, and tenant improvements - shorter of the lease term or life of the asset. Ordinary repairs and maintenance which are not reimbursed by the tenants are expensed as incurred. Major replacements and betterments which improve or extend the life of the asset are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful life. 

As of October 19, 2023, in connection with the deed in lieu of foreclosure discussed in Note 5 , the Company is no longer a party to the ground lease and the related ROU assets and liabilities were written off. 

13 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Restricted cash Cash held in escrow by lender Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 

See Obligations Under Participation Agreements in Note 8 for additional information. 

master repurchase agreements, a revolving line of credit, non-recourse property mortgages, note-on-note financing arrangements and a term loan. The Company accounts for borrowings under these financing arrangements as secured transactions, which are carried at their contractual amounts (cost), net of unamortized deferred financing fees. See Secured Financing Arrangements in Note 8 for additional information. 
 
 14 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Although the Company files federal and state tax returns, its major tax jurisdiction is federal. The Company s 2020-2023 federal tax returns remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 

15 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 3. 
 
 million and million, respectively, is included in interest receivable on the consolidated balance sheets, and is excluded from the amortized cost of loans held for investment. 
 
 Portfolio Summary 
 
 Principal balance Carrying value Fair value Weighted-average coupon rate Weighted-average remaining term (years) 
 _______________ 
 (1) These loans pay a coupon rate of Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR or forward-looking term rate based on SOFR Term SOFR ), as applicable, plus a fixed spread. Coupon rates shown were determined using the average SOFR of and Term SOFR of as of September 30, 2024 and average SOFR of and Term SOFR of as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, amount included million and million of senior mortgages used as collateral for million and million of borrowings under secured financing arrangements, respectively Note 9 ). 
 (3) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and loans, respectively, were subject to a SOFR or Term SOFR floor, as applicable. 
 
 Lending Activities 
 
 Principal repayments received ) ) Origination, purchase and funding of loans Loss on repayment of loan (1) 
 ) ) Net amortization of premiums on loans ) ) Accrual, payment and accretion of investment-related fees and other, net ) ) (Provision for) reversal of provision for credit losses ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 _______________ 
 (1) In August 2024, a million senior loan was repaid, resulting in a loss on repayment of million, which included the write-off of interest receivable of million. 
 16 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Cumulative effect of credit loss accounting standard effective 
 January 1, 2023 Note 2 
 ) ) ) Origination, purchase and funding of loans Principal repayments received ) ) ) Net amortization of premiums on loans ) ) Settlement of loans in exchange for real estate properties Note 5 
 ) ) Accrual, payment and accretion of investment-related fees and other, net ) ) ) Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 
 Portfolio Information 

Preferred equity investments Mezzanine loans Total 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Property Type Principal Balance Carrying Value of Total Principal Balance Carrying Value of Total Office Infill land Multifamily Mixed-use Student housing Industrial Hotel - full/select service Infrastructure Total 
 
 17 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

New York Arizona Georgia Utah New Jersey Washington North Carolina Massachusetts Total 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 As described in Note 2 , on January 1, 2023, the Company adopted the provisions of Accounting Standards Updates ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ), which requires entities to recognize credit losses on financial instruments based on an estimate of current expected credit losses. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 resulted in a million increase to total reserve, including reserve on future funding commitments, which was recognized as a cumulative-effect adjustment to accumulated deficits as of January 1, 2023. 
 Certain of the Company s performing loans contain provisions for future funding commitments, which are subject to the borrower meeting certain performance-related metrics that are monitored by the Company. These unfunded commitments amounted to approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The liability for credit losses on unfunded commitments is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 , for loans that are considered non-performing, the Company removes them from the industry loss rate approach and analyzes them separately for recoverability. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and non-performing loans with total carrying value, excluding specific allowance, of million and million, respectively. Accordingly, the Company utilized the estimated fair value of the loan collateral or sponsor s guarantee to estimate the total specific allowance for credit losses of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Please see Note 6. Fair Value Measurements Valuation Process for Fair Value Measurement for information on how the fair values of these loans were determined. 
 Provision for (reversal of provision for) credit losses ) ) Charge-offs ) ) Allowance for credit losses, end of period 
 
 18 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Cumulative effect of credit loss accounting 
 standard effective January 1, 2023 Note 2 
 Provision for credit losses ) Charge-offs Allowance for credit losses, end of period 
 
 Accrued Interest Receivable 
 
 The Company elected not to measure a CECL reserve on accrued interest receivable due to the Company s policy of writing off uncollectible accrued interest receivable balances in a timely manner. If the Company determines it has uncollectible accrued interest receivable, it generally would reverse the accrued and unpaid interest against interest income and no longer accrue for interest. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reversed million of accrued interest income because such income was deemed uncollectible. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did t reverse any interest income accrual because all accrued interest income was deemed collectible. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company suspended interest income accrual of million and million on and loans, respectively, because recovery of such income was not probable. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company suspended interest income accrual of million and million on and loans, respectively, because recovery of such income was not probable. In August 2024, in connection with the repayment of a million senior loan, the Company wrote off the related interest receivable of million. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, interest receivable recognized on these loans was and million, respectively. 
 Loan Risk Rating 
 Additionally, as discussed in Note 2 , during the loan review process, if the Company determines that it is not able to collect all amounts due for both principal and interest according to the contractual terms of a loan, or if a loan is in maturity default, the Company considers that loan non-performing. 
 
 19 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

2 3 
 4 5 Non-performing (1) 
 Allowance for credit losses ) Total carrying value, net 
 
 2 3 4 5 Non-performing Allowance for credit losses ) Total carrying value, net 
 _______________ 
 loans that are currently in maturity default with total amortized costs of million. The Company expects to recover the principal and interest payments in full and therefore, specific allowance for loan losses was recorded on these loans. 

Note 4. 
 
 million to purchase a limited partnership interest in RESOF. RESOF s primary investment objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns by purchasing performing and non-performing mortgages, loans, mezzanines and other credit instruments supported by underlying commercial real estate assets. RESOF may also opportunistically originate high-yield mortgages or loans in real estate special situations including rescue financings, bridge loans, restructurings and bankruptcies (including debtor-in-possession loans). The general partner of RESOF is Mavik Real Estate Special Opportunities Fund GP, LLC , which is a subsidiary of the Company s sponsor, Terra Capital Partners . The Company evaluated its equity interest in RESOF and determined it does not have a controlling financial interest and is not the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, the equity interest in RESOF is accounted for as an equity method investment. 
 20 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income (loss) from equity investment in RESOF Distributions received from RESOF 
 The following tables present summarized financial information of the Company s equity investment in RESOF. Amounts provided are the total amounts attributable to the investment and do not represent the Company s proportionate share: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Investments at fair value (cost of and , respectively) 
 Other assets Total assets Revolving line of credit, net of financing costs Obligations under participation agreement (proceeds of and 
 , respectively) 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities Partners capital 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total investment income Total expenses Net investment income Unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments ) ) Provision for income tax ) Net increase in partners capital resulting from operations 
 
 Equity Investment in Joint Ventures 
 
 The Company beneficially owns equity interests in joint ventures that invest in real estate properties, opportunistic debt and equity securities, and indirectly, together with other non-affiliated entities, non-real estate operating companies. The Company evaluated its equity interests in these entities and determined it does not have a controlling financial interest and is not the primary beneficiary. Accordingly, the equity interests in the joint ventures are accounted for as equity method investments. 
 
 21 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

LEL NW 49th JV LLC (1) 
 Third party/Affiliate TCG Corinthian FL Portfolio JV LLV Third party/Affiliate 610 Walnut Investors LLC Third party MASPEN MS I LLC (2) 
 Affiliates Axar Special Opportunity Fund 
 VI-B LLC (3) 
 N/A XS Acquisition Holdco LLC (4) 
 Third parties 
 _______________ 
 (1) In June 2024, this joint venture sold its underlying real estate property and distributed proceeds to the members. The Company s portion of the distribution was million. 
 (2) In May 2024, the Company contributed to this entity for the purpose of investing in opportunistic equity and debt securities. This entity is jointly owned with two related parties managed by the Manager. 
 (3) In June 2024, the Company made a million capital commitment to an entity that has indirectly invested, together with other non-affiliated entities, in a non-real estate operating company. As of September 30, 2024, the total amount contributed was million. The Company determined it is not a primary beneficiary of the entity and therefore accounts for the investment using the equity method of accounting. 
 , of which is paid in cash and is accrued. The Company determined it is not a primary beneficiary of the entity and therefore accounts for the investment using the equity method of accounting. ) ) ) Distributions received from the joint ventures 
 
 The following tables present estimated combined summarized financial information of the Company s equity investment in the joint ventures. Amounts provided are the total amounts attributable to the joint ventures and do not represent the Company s proportionate share. Additionally, amounts as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 did not include the financial information of XS Acquisition Holdco LLC because this entity is still in the process of finalizing its purchase price allocation. 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Net investments in real estate Other assets Total assets Mortgage loans payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Members capital 
 
 22 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Operating expenses ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Gain on sale of real estate Unrealized loss ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 Other Equity Investments 
 
 In June 2024, the Company entered into a preferred equity agreement with TCC Boundary Partners LLC. The investment carries interest at an annual rate of and matures on June 30, 2029. Additionally, the Company will receive distributions in the event that net proceeds from the sale of underlying property exceed certain internal rate of return thresholds. Because the Company shares residual profit from the sale of underlying property with the borrower, the Company accounts for the investment using the equity method of accounting. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's investment had a carrying value of million. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, in equity income from TCC Boundary Partners LLC and did not receive any distributions. 

Note 5. 
 
 of the industrial properties was terminated and the Company received a termination fee of million. In connection with the lease termination, the Company wrote off the related unamortized in-place lease of million and unamortized below-market rent of million. Subsequent to the lease termination, the Company entered into a new lease with another tenant for the same space. 
 
 2023 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million on the multi-tenant office building located in California in order to reduce the carrying value of the building to its estimated fair value. In October 2023, the Company conveyed its interest in the office building to the lender by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure. Accordingly, the Company no longer owns the multi-tenant office building. 
 
 3/24/2023 Industrial Texas, United States 5/25/2023 Industrial 
 
 23 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Loans held for investment Equity investment in unconsolidated investment Interest receivable Other assets Net Assets Acquired Cash and cash equivalents Other assets Land Buildings and Improvements Intangible assets and liabilities: In-place lease (weighted-average expected life of years) 
 Below-market rent (weighted-average expected life of years) 
 ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) 
 
 Real Estate Owned, Net 
 
 Real estate owned is comprised of industrial buildings located in Texas with lease intangible assets and liabilities. 
 Building and building improvements ) ) Tenant improvements ) ) Total real estate ) ) Lease intangible assets: In-place lease ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) Lease intangible liabilities: Below-market rent ) ) ) ) Total intangible liabilities ) ) ) ) Total real estate ) ) 
 
 24 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Other operating income Total Real estate operating expenses: Utilities Real estate taxes Repairs and maintenances Management fees Lease expense, including amortization of above- market ground lease Other operating expenses Total 
 ) ) ) Amortization of in-place lease intangibles (2) 
 _______________ 
 (1) Net amortization of above- and below-market rent intangibles is recorded as an adjustment to real estate operating revenue on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) Amortization of in-place lease intangibles is included in depreciation and amortization expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Supplemental Ground Lease Disclosures 
 
 The Company previously owned an office building that was subject to a ground lease whereby the Company was the lessee (or a tenant) to the ground lease. On October 19, 2023, the Company conveyed its interest in the office building to a subsidiary of Centennial Bank by deed in lieu of foreclosure. Accordingly, the Company is no longer a party to the ground lease. 

25 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating lease 

Note 6. 

Financial Instruments Carried at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 From time to time, the Company may invest in short-term equity securities, which are presented at fair value and included in Other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company may also invest in short term debt securities, which are classified as available-for sale securities, which are presented at fair value and included in Marketable securities in the 
 26 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

to effectively cap the related index rate at . The interest rate cap met all the criteria of a derivative under ASC 815, but it did not meet the criteria under ASC 815-20-25 to qualify for hedging accounting. As such, the interest rate cap is reported at fair value and is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet, and the change in the fair value of the interest rate cap is reported in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Marketable securities - debt securities Derivative - interest rate cap (2) 
 Total 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Measurements Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Money market fund (1) 
 Marketable securities - debt securities Marketable securities - equity securities Derivative - interest rate cap (2) 
 Total ______________ 
 (1) Amount is included in cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Amount is included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Purchases Proceeds from sale ) Reclassification of net realized loss on marketable securities into earnings ) Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities and derivatives ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 27 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Loans held for investment 
 acquired through 
 participation 
 3 Total loans Equity securities (1) 
 3 Total assets Liabilities: Unsecured notes payable 1 Secured financing agreements 3 Obligations under participation agreements 3 Total liabilities 
 ______________ 
 (1) Amount is included in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Company estimated that its other financial assets and liabilities, not included in the tables above, had fair values that approximated their carrying values at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 due to their short-term nature. 
 
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis (Including Impairment Charges) 
 
 The Company periodically assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of its real estate investments may be impaired or that their carrying value may not be recoverable Note 2 ). There were impairment charges for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million on the multi-tenant office building located in California in order to reduce the carrying value of the building to its estimated fair value. The fair value measurement was determined by estimating discounted cash flows using two significant unobservable inputs, which were the cash flow discount rate and terminal capitalization rate ). 
 
 Valuation Process for Fair Value Measurement 
 
 The fair value of the Company s investment in equity securities, available for sale debt securities and its unsecured notes payable is determined based on quoted prices in an active market and is classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 28 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

Discounted cash flow Discount rate Loans held for investment acquired through participation, net Discounted cash flow Discount rate Equity securities (2) 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total Level 3 Assets Liabilities: Secured financing agreements Discounted cash flow Discount rate Obligation under participation agreement Discounted cash flow Discount rate Total Level 3 Liabilities 
 Fair Value at December 31, 2023 
 Primary Valuation Technique Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2023 Asset Category Minimum Maximum Weighted Average Assets: Loans held for investment, net (1) 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rate Loans held for investment acquired through participation, net Discounted cash flow Discount rate Total Level 3 Assets Liabilities: Secured financing agreements Discounted cash flow Discount rate Total Level 3 Liabilities _______________ 
 29 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million of non-performing loans Note 3 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair market value estimates of these non-performing loans were determined primarily using discounted cash flow models and Level 3 inputs, which include estimates of property-specific cash flows over a specific holding period, a discount rate range of to and a terminal capitalization rate range of to as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. These inputs are based on the location, type and nature of the property, current sales and lease comparables, anticipated real estate and capital market conditions, and management s knowledge, experience and judgment. Additionally, the Company may use sales comparables, purchase price and appraisals to corroborate the estimated value of a loan s collateral or may use sponsor s guarantee to estimate the value of a non-performing loan. 
 (2) Fair market value is based on purchase price. 

Note 7. 

Asset management fee Asset servicing fee Operating expenses reimbursed to Manager Disposition fee (2) 
 Total 
 
 (1) Origination and extension fee expense is generally offset with origination and extension fee income. Any excess is deferred and amortized to interest income over the term of the loan. 

Origination and Extension Fee Expense 
 
 Pursuant to the Management Agreement, the Manager or its affiliates receives an origination fee in the amount of of the amount used to originate, fund, acquire or structure real estate-related investments, including any third-party expenses related to such loans. In the event that the term of any real estate-related loan held by the Company is extended, the Manager also receives an extension fee equal to the lesser of (i) of the principal amount of the loan being extended or (ii) the amount of fee paid to the Company by the borrower in connection with such extension. 
 
 Asset Management Fee 
 
 Under the terms of the Management Agreement, the Manager or its affiliates provides the Company with certain investment management services in return for a management fee. The Company pays a monthly asset management fee at an annual rate of of the aggregate funds under management, which includes the loan origination price or aggregate gross acquisition price, as defined in the Management Agreement, for each real estate related loan and cash held by the Company. 
 
 Asset Servicing Fee 
 
 The Manager or its affiliates receives from the Company a monthly servicing fee at an annual rate of of the aggregate gross origination price or acquisition price, as defined in the Management Agreement, for each real estate-related loan held by the Company. 
 
 30 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

received any breakup fees. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 The Company reimburses the Manager for operating expenses incurred in connection with services provided to the operations of the Company, including the Company s allocable share of the Manager s overhead, such as rent, employee costs, utilities, and technology costs. 
 
 Disposition Fee 
 
 Pursuant to the Management Agreement, the Manager or its affiliates receives a disposition fee in the amount of of the gross sale price received by the Company from the disposition of any real estate-related loan, or any portion of, or interest in, any real estate-related loan. The disposition fee is paid concurrently with the closing of any such disposition of all or any portion of any real estate-related loan or any interest therein, which is the lesser of (i) of the principal amount of the loan or debt-related loan prior to such transaction or (ii) the amount of the fee paid by the borrower in connection with such transaction. If the Company takes ownership of a property as a result of a workout or foreclosure of a loan, the Company will pay a disposition fee upon the sale of such property equal to of the sales price. 
 
 Due From Affiliate 
 
 On December 1, 2022, the Company entered into a revolving promissory note receivable with Mavik Special Opps Co-Investments, LP, an affiliate of the Company. The promissory note receivable bears interest at the Prime Rate, as such Prime Rate is published in the Wall Street Journal, computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of days. In January 2024, the promissory note was amended to (i) extend the maturity date from June 30, 2024 to April 30, 2025 and to (ii) modify the interest rate from Prime Rate, as such Prime Rate is published in the Wall Street Journal, computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of days, to . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company provided funding under the promissory note receivable of million and million, respectively, and received repayments of million and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the promissory note receivable was fully repaid. As of December 31, 2023, amount outstanding under the promissory note receivable was million, which is included in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Due from Related Parties 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, amount due from related parties was million and million, primarily related to operational cash requirements the Company paid on behalf of its affiliates. 
 
 Promissory Note Payable 
 On January 24, 2024, the Company, as borrower, entered into a revolving promissory note payable with Terra LLC. The promissory note payable bears interest at the Prime Rate, as such Prime Rate is published in the Wall Street Journal, computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of days. The promissory note matures on March 31, 2027. As of September 30, 2024, amount outstanding under this promissory note payable was million. The activity associated with this agreement is eliminated in consolidation and therefore has no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Cost Sharing and Reimbursement Agreement 
 
 The Company and Terra LLC have entered into a cost sharing and reimbursement agreement effective October 1, 2022, pursuant to which Terra LLC is responsible for its allocable share of the Company s expenses, including fees paid by the Company to the Manager based on relative assets under management. These fees are eliminated in consolidation and therefore have no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 31 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively, all of which were returns of capital. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made distributions to investors totaling million and million, respectively, of which million and million were returns of capital, respectively Note 10 ). 
 
 Due to Manager 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately million and million, respectively, was due to the Manager, as reflected on the consolidated balance sheets, primarily related to the present value of the disposition fees on individual loans due to the Manager. 
 
 Mavik Real Estate Special Opportunities Fund, LP 
 
 On August 3, 2020, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with RESOF whereby the Company committed to fund up to million to purchase limited partnership interests in RESOF. For more information on this investment, please see Note 4 . 
 
 Participation Agreements 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company may enter into participation agreements with related parties, primarily other affiliated funds managed by the Manager, and to a lesser extent, unrelated parties (the Participants ). The purpose of the participation agreements is to allow the Company and an affiliate to originate a specified loan when, individually, the Company does not have the liquidity to do so or to achieve a certain level of portfolio diversification. The Company may transfer portions of its investments to other Participants or it may be a Participant to a loan held by another entity. 
 
 ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing ASC 860 , establishes accounting and reporting standards for transfers of financial assets. ASC 860-10 provides consistent standards for distinguishing transfers of financial assets that are sales from transfers that are secured borrowings. The Company has determined that the participation agreements it enters into are accounted for as secured borrowings under ASC 860 (see Participation Interests in Note 2 and Obligations Under Participation Agreements in Note 8 ). 
 
 Participation Interests Purchased by the Company 
 
 From time to time, the Company may purchase investments from affiliates pursuant to participation agreements. In accordance with the terms of each participation agreement, each Participant s rights and obligations, as well as the proceeds received from the related borrower/issuer of the loan, are based upon their respective pro rata participation interest in the loan. 
 
 UNJ Sole Member, LLC (1) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Participating Interests Principal Balance Carrying Value Mesa AZ Industrial Owner, LLC (1) 
 UNJ Sole Member, LLC (1) 
 
 ________________ 
 (1) The loan is held in the name of Mavik Real Estate Special Opportunities Fund REIT, LLC, a related-party REIT managed by the Manager. 
 32 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

________________ 
 (1) Participant is a certain separately managed account, an investment partnership managed by the Manager. 
 
 In September 2023, a participant who purchased interest in an investment from the Company via a participation agreement conveyed its interest in the obligation under participation agreements to the Company and the Company recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of million. 
 
 This investment is held in the name of the Company, but the Participant s rights and obligations, including interest income and other income (e.g., exit fee, prepayment income) and related fees/expenses (e.g., disposition fees, asset management and asset servicing fees), are based upon its pro rata participation interest in such participated investment, as specified in the participation agreement. The Participant s share of the investment is repayable only from the proceeds received from the related borrower/issuer of the investment and, therefore, the Participant also is subject to credit risk (i.e., risk of default by the underlying borrower/issuer). Pursuant to the participation agreement with this entity, the Company receives and allocates the interest income and other related investment income to the Participant based on its pro rata participation interest. The Participant pays any expenses, including any fees to the Manager, only on its pro rata participation interest, subject to the terms of the governing fee arrangements. 

Note 8. 
 
 Senior Notes Due 2026 
 6/30/2026 Senior Notes Due 2026 (2) 
 3/31/2026 Total principal amount Unamortized issue discount ) ) Unamortized purchase discount (2) 
 ) ) Unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Unsecured notes payable, net 
 _______________ 
 (1) Includes issue discount, purchase discount and deferred financing costs that are amortized to interest expense over the life of the notes. 
 (2) In connection with the BDC Merger, Terra LLC assumed all the obligations under the Senior Notes and recorded a purchase discount of million, representing the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the notes on the date of the merger. 
 
 The Senior Notes Due 2026 
 On June 10, 2021, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of its notes due 2026, and on June 25, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their option to purchase an additional million of the notes (collectively the Senior Notes Due 2026 ). The Senior Notes Due 2026 may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or 
 33 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the outstanding principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 The Senior Notes Due 2026 
 On February 10, 2021, Terra BDC issued million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-rate notes due 2026, and on February 26, 2021, the underwriters exercised the option to purchase an additional million of the notes (collectively the Senior Notes Due 2026 ). The Senior Notes Due 2026 may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at Terra BDC s option on or after February 10, 2023, at a redemption price equal to of the outstanding principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In connection with the BDC Merger, Terra LLC agreed to take all necessary action to assume the payment of the principal of and interest on all of the outstanding Senior Notes Due 2026. 
 
 Covenant Compliance 
 The Company s unsecured notes payable contain certain financial covenants. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with such covenants. 
 
 Secured Financing Arrangements 
 
 UBS AG facility (2)(4) 
 November 2024 (5) (4) Total Non-Recourse Financing: Promissory notes payable (2)(6) 
 March 2025 - March 2026 March 2026 - March 2027 N/A Property mortgages - fixed rate June 2028 June 2028 N/A Property mortgages - variable rate (7) 
 April 2027 April 2028 N/A Total Other Secured Financing: Revolving line of credit (2)(8) 
 December 2024 September 2025 Term loan (9) 
 Total Unamortized deferred financing costs and other ) ) Secured financing agreements, net _______________ 
 (1) Amount is calculated using the applicable index rate as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) These facilities were used to finance the Company s senior loan investments. 
 (3) Interest rate is based on Term SOFR (subject to underlying loan floors on a case-by-case basis) plus a spread ranging from to . In March 2024, the Company amended the Goldman Sachs Bank facility agreement to extend the maturity date to February 18, 2025 and to reduce the minimum interest coverage ratio covenant. 
 (4) Interest rate is based on Term SOFR plus a spread of . In February 2024, the outstanding balance was repaid. In March 2024, the Company amended the side letter to the UBS AG facility agreement to reduce the maximum amount available under this facility to zero. In connection with this amendment, UBS AG waived the payment of any fees and the meeting of any representations, warranties or covenants for the period commencing on December 31, 2023 until such time as there are amounts outstanding under the UBS AG facility agreement. 
 (5) The maturity of this facility can be extended annually on mutually agreeable terms. 
 34 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

to with a combined floor rate ranging from to . 
 (7) Interest rate is based on Term SOFR plus a spread of with a Term SOFR floor of . 
 (8) Interest rate is based on Term SOFR + with a combined floor of . In March 2024, the Company amended the facility agreement to extend the maturity date to September 12, 2024 with an option to extend the facility term for an additional -month period, reduce the credit limit to million, increase the coupon rate and revise the minimum profitability and net worth covenants. In June 2024, the Company amended the facility agreement to extend the maturity date of the facility agreement to December 31, 2024, eliminate the ability to make additional revolving borrowings under the facility agreement, decrease the minimum net worth covenant of the Company for future quarterly measurement dates, introduce a minimum liquidity covenant of the Company, establish an interest reserve account and remove the minimum profitability and maximum global leverage covenants of the Company. 
 (9) In March 2024, the term loan was repaid in full. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is in discussions with its lenders to extend, amend, or replace any financing facilities which contain near term expirations. 
 
 Proceeds from secured financing Repayments of secured financing ) ) 
 
 Repurchase Agreements 
 
 The Company seeks to mitigate risks associated with its repurchase agreements by managing risk related to the credit quality of its assets, interest rates, liquidity, the rate of prepayment and market value. The margin call provisions under the repurchase facilities provide the lender with certain rights in the event of a decline in the credit of the underlying assets purchased. To monitor credit risk associated with the performance and value of its loans and investments, the Company s asset management team regularly reviews its investment portfolios and is in regular contact with its borrowers, monitoring performance of the collateral and enforcing its rights as necessary. The Company further seeks to manage risks associated with the repurchase agreements by matching the maturities and interest rate characteristics of its loans with the related repurchase agreement. 
 
 Covenant Compliance 
 
 The Company s secured financing agreements contain certain financial tests and covenants. In the event of a default or any breach of covenant of a related agreement, the lender has the right to accelerate all amounts due, charge interest at a default rate, retain all cash flow from the loans originated and/or sell such loans in a private sale on terms possibly unfavorable to the Company. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants, as amended or waived. 
 
 Scheduled Debt Principal Payments 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Unamortized deferred financing costs and other ) Total 
 
 35 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

million (see Participation Agreements in Note 7 . There were no such obligations under participation agreements as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Note 9. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company expects to maintain sufficient cash on hand to fund such commitments through matching these commitments with principal repayments on outstanding loans or draw downs on credit facilities. 
 Unfunded Investment Commitment 
 As discussed in Note 4 , on August 3, 2020, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with RESOF whereby the Company committed to fund up to million to purchase limited partnership interests in RESOF. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unfunded investment commitment was million and million, respectively. 
 Additionally, in June 2024, the Company made a million capital commitment to an entity that will invest, indirectly, together with other non-affiliated entities, in a non-real estate operating company. As of September 30, 2024, the unfunded commitment was million. 
 Other 
 The Company enters into contracts that contain a variety of indemnification provisions. The Company s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown; however, the Company has not had prior claims or losses pursuant to these contracts. The Manager has reviewed the Company s existing contracts and expects the risk of loss to the Company to be remote. 
 Additionally, from time to time, we and individuals employed by us and our Manager may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our borrowers and investees. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that such proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 See Note 7 for a discussion of the Company s commitments to the Manager. 
 
 Note 10. ) ) ) Series A preferred stock dividend declared ) Net loss allocable to common stock ) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic and diluted Loss per share - basic and diluted 
 36 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share Preferred Stock ). The Board may classify any unissued shares of Preferred Stock and reclassify any previously classified but unissued shares of Preferred Stock of any series from time to time, into one or more classes or series of stock. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of Preferred Stock issued or outstanding. As of December 31, 2023 there were shares of Series A Preferred Stock (as defined below) issued and outstanding. 
 Series A Preferred Stock 
 On November 30, 2016, the Board classified and designated shares of Preferred Stock as a separate class of Preferred Stock to be known as the Series A Redeemable Cumulative Preferred Stock, liquidation value per share Series A Preferred Stock ). In December 2016, the Company sold shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for . The Series A Preferred Stock paid dividends at an annual rate of of the liquidation preference. In March 2023, the Series A Preferred Stock was fully redeemed at par for a total of plus accrued dividends. 
 Common Stock 
 On October 1, 2022, in connection with the BDC Merger, the Company amended its charter to increase the shares authorized from to , consisting of shares of Class A Common Stock, par value per share Class A Common Stock ), shares of Class B Common Stock, and shares of Preferred Stock. Concurrently, shares of Class B Common Stock were issued to former Terra BDC stockholders and each share of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the BDC Merger was automatically changed into issued and outstanding share of Class B Common Stock. As of September 30, 2024, Terra Fund 7 and Terra Offshore REIT held and , respectively, of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. 
 The Class B Common Stock rank equally with and have identical preferences, rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications, and terms and conditions of redemption as each other share of the Company s common stock, except as set forth below with respect to conversion. 
 In connection with the potential liquidity transactions discussed in Note 1 , on December 1, 2023, the Company amended its articles of amendment and restatement (the A R Articles to provide the Board with greater flexibility to pursue a direct listing. In connection with a listing of shares of Class A Common Stock on a national securities exchange, the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock will be convertible on a -for-one basis into listed shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to certain conversion terms and holding periods. Currently, there are no outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 The A R Articles also incorporate the provisions generally required by state regulators in order to become a non-traded REIT and publicly sell shares of the Company s stock not listed on an exchange. These non-traded REIT provisions will spring into effect and become operative if the Company ultimately decides to register and sell shares in a non-traded REIT format. 
 Distributions 
 The Company generally intends to distribute substantially all of its taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, to its stockholders each year to comply with the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. All distributions will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend upon its taxable income, financial condition, maintenance of REIT status, applicable law, and other factors as the Board deems relevant. 
 For both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made distributions to investors totaling million, all of which were returns of capital. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made distributions to investors totaling million and million, of which million and million were returns of capital, respectively. Additionally, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company made distributions to preferred stockholders of and , respectively. There were such distributions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 On January 20, 2023, the Board adopted a distribution reinvestment plan (the Plan ), pursuant to which the Company s stockholders may elect to reinvest cash distributions payable by the Company in additional shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, at the price per share determined pursuant to the Plan. For the nine months ended September 30, 
 37 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

and shares of Class B Common Stock for a total of and pursuant to the Plan, respectively. 

Note 11. 

38 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and other financial information included elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. In this report, we, us and our refer to Terra Property Trust, Inc. (and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the Company or Terra Property Trust ). 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 We make forward-looking statements in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). For these statements, we claim the protections of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in such Sections. The forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q may include, but are not limited to, statements as to: 
 
 our expected financial performance, operating results and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders in the future; 
 
 our ability to achieve the expected synergies, cost savings and other benefits from the BDC Merger (as defined below); 
 
 risks associated with achieving expected synergies, cost savings and other benefits from our increased scale; 
 
 the availability of attractive risk-adjusted investment opportunities in our target asset class and other real estate-related investments that satisfy our objectives and strategies; 
 
 the origination or acquisition of our targeted assets, including the timing of originations or acquisitions; 
 
 volatility in our industry, interest rates and spreads, the debt or equity markets, the general economy or the real estate market specifically, whether the results of market events or otherwise; 
 
 changes in our investment objectives and business strategy; 
 
 the availability of financing on acceptable terms or at all; 
 
 the performance and financial condition of our borrowers; 
 
 changes in interest rates and the market value of our assets; 
 
 borrower defaults or decreased recovery rates from our borrowers; 
 
 changes in prepayment rates on our loans; 
 
 our use of financial leverage; 
 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with any of the following affiliated entities: Terra Fund Advisors, LLC, Terra REIT Advisors, LLC (our Manager Terra Capital Partners, LLC Terra Capital Partners ), our sponsor; Terra Secured Income Fund 5 International; Terra Income Fund International; Terra Secured Income Fund 7, LLC Terra Fund 7 Terra Offshore Funds REIT, LLC Terra Offshore REIT Mavik Real Estate Special Opportunities Fund, LP RESOF or any of their affiliates; 
 
 our dependence on our Manager or its affiliates and the availability of its senior management team and other personnel; 
 
 liquidity transactions that may be available to us in the future, including a liquidation of our assets, a sale of our company, a listing of our shares of common stock on a national securities exchange, an amendment of our charter to incorporate certain provisions generally required by state securities regulators to allow us to publicly sell unlisted shares (provided that such provisions would only take effect when a registration statement related to the publicly offered unlisted shares is declared effective), an adoption of a share repurchase plan or a strategic business 
 39 

combination, in each case, which may include the distribution of our common stock indirectly owned by certain of our affiliate funds (the Terra Funds to the ultimate investors in the Terra Funds, and the timing of any such transactions; 
 
 actions and initiatives of the U.S. federal, state and local government and changes to the U.S., federal, state and local government policies and the execution and impact of these actions, initiatives and policies; 
 
 limitations imposed on our business and our ability to satisfy complex rules in order for us to maintain our exemption exclusion or from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and 
 
 the degree and nature of our competition. 
 
 In addition, words such as anticipate, believe, expect and intend indicate a forward-looking statement, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. The forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: 
 
 changes in the economy; 
 
 risks associated with possible disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism or natural disasters; and 
 
 future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas. 
 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to us on the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Stockholders are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to stockholders or through reports that we may file in the future with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Overview 
 
 We are a real estate investment trust that originates, invests in and manages a diverse portfolio of real estate and real estate-related assets. We focus primarily on commercial real estate credit investments, including first mortgage loans, subordinated loans (including B-notes, mezzanine and preferred equity) and credit facilities throughout the United States, which we collectively refer to as our targeted assets. Our loans finance the acquisition, development or recapitalization of high-quality commercial real estate in the United States. We focus on middle market loans in the approximately 10 million to 50 million range, which we believe are subject to less competition, offer higher risk-adjusted returns than larger loans with similar risk metrics and facilitate portfolio diversification. Our investment objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our stockholders, primarily by earning high current income that allows for regular distributions, and, in certain instances, benefiting from potential capital appreciation. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in meeting our investment objective. We may also make strategic real estate equity and non-real estate-related investments that align with our investment objectives and criteria. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held a net loan portfolio (gross loans less obligations under participation agreements and secured borrowing) comprised of 14 loans in nine states with an aggregate net principal balance of 297.9 million, a weighted average coupon rate of 12.7 and a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 1.0 years. 
 
 Each of our loans was originated by Terra Capital Partners or its affiliates. Our portfolio is diversified based on location of the underlying properties, loan structure and property type. As of September 30, 2024, our portfolio included underlying properties located in 14 markets, across nine states and includes property types such as multifamily housing, student housing, commercial offices, medical offices, mixed-use and industrial properties. The profile of these properties ranges from stabilized and value-added properties to pre-development and construction. Our loans are structured across mezzanine debt, first mortgages, preferred equity investments and credit facilities. 
 
 40 

We were incorporated under the Maryland General Corporation Law on December 31, 2015. Through December 31, 2015, our business was conducted through a series of predecessor private partnerships. At the beginning of 2016, we completed the merger of these private partnerships into a single entity as part of our plan to reorganize our business as a REIT for federal income tax purposes (the REIT Formation Transaction ). Following the REIT Formation Transaction, Terra Secured Income Fund 5, LLC Terra Fund 5 contributed the consolidated portfolio of net assets of certain Terra Funds to our company in exchange for all of the shares of our common stock. On March 2, 2020, we engaged in a series of transactions pursuant to which we issued an aggregate of 4,574,470.35 shares of common stock in exchange for the settlement of an aggregate of 49.8 million of participation interests in loans held by us, cash of 25.5 million and other working capital. 
 
 On October 1, 2022, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 2, 2022 (the Merger Agreement ), Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. Terra BDC merged with and into Terra Income Fund 6, LLC Terra LLC ), our wholly owned subsidiary, with Terra LLC continuing as the surviving entity of the merger (the BDC Merger and as our wholly owned subsidiary. Pursuant to the terms of the transactions described in the Merger Agreement, approximately 4,847,910 shares of our Class B Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share ("Class B Common Stock"), were issued to former Terra BDC stockholders in connection with the BDC Merger, based on the number of outstanding shares of Terra BDC Common Stock as of October 1, 2022. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, Terra Fund 7 and Terra Offshore REIT held approximately 8.7 and 10.1 , respectively, of our issued and outstanding Class B Common Stock. 
 
 As previously disclosed, we continue to explore alternative liquidity transactions on an opportunistic basis to maximize stockholder value. Examples of the alternative liquidity transactions that, depending on market conditions, may be available to us include a listing of our shares of common stock on a national securities exchange, adoption of a share repurchase plan, a liquidation of our assets, a sale of our company or a strategic business combination, in each case, which may include the further in-kind distribution of our shares of common stock indirectly owned by certain of our affiliate funds to the ultimate investors in such affiliate funds. We cannot provide any assurance that any alternative liquidity transaction will be available or, if available, that we will pursue or be successful in completing any such alternative liquidity transaction. 
 
 One of the potential future liquidity transactions that we continue to evaluate is a direct listing of its Class A Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share Class A Common Stock ), on a national securities exchange (i.e., a listing not involving a concurrent public offering of newly issued shares). If market conditions are not supportive of a direct listing that would in our view lead to a constructive trading environment for the Class A Common Stock, we will explore alternative paths to pursue our investment strategy and provide liquidity to our investors, including converting our company into a traditional non-traded REIT. As part of a potential conversion to a non-traded REIT, we would adopt a customary share repurchase plan pursuant to which our investors could request to have their shares of its common stock redeemed for cash. 
 
 We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2016. So long as we qualify as a REIT, we generally are not subject to U.S. federal income tax on our net taxable income to the extent that we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to our stockholders. 
 
 Portfolio Summary 
 
 Net Loan Portfolio 
 
 The following tables provide a summary of our net loan portfolio as of: 
 September 30, 2024 Fixed Rate Floating Rate (1)(2)(3) 
 Total Gross Loans Obligations under Participation Agreements Total Net Loans Number of loans 3 11 14 1 14 Principal balance 15,541,030 297,353,935 312,894,965 15,000,000 297,894,965 Carrying value 15,447,005 267,664,482 283,111,487 15,140,347 267,971,140 Fair value 15,022,619 269,460,235 284,482,854 15,211,122 269,271,732 Weighted average coupon rate 10.32 13.20 13.06 20.16 12.70 Weighted-average remaining term (years) 1.82 0.89 0.97 0.35 1.02 
 41 

December 31, 2023 Fixed Rate Floating Rate (1)(2)(3) 
 Total Gross Loans Obligations under Participation Agreements Total Net Loans Number of loans 5 16 21 21 Principal balance 53,998,648 455,462,178 509,460,826 509,460,826 Carrying value 54,095,173 402,377,085 456,472,258 456,472,258 Fair value 53,435,742 403,904,207 457,339,949 457,339,949 Weighted average coupon rate 12.95 12.92 12.93 12.93 Weighted-average remaining term (years) 1.18 0.70 0.77 0.77 
 _______________ 
 (1) These loans pay a coupon rate of Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), or forward-looking term rate SOFR Term SOFR plus a fixed spread. Coupon rates shown were determined using average SOFR of 5.16 and Term SOFR of 4.85 as of September 30, 2024, and average SOFR of 5.34 and Term SOFR of 5.35 as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, amount included 201.4 million and 342.9 million of senior mortgages used as collateral for 120.6 million and 204.9 million of borrowings under credit facilities, respectively. 
 (3) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 10 and 14 loans, respectively, are subject to a SOFR, or Term SOFR floor, as applicable. 
 
 Real Estate Ownership 
 
 In addition to our net loan portfolio, we own eight industrial buildings. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the real estate and related lease intangible assets and liabilities had a net carrying value of 126.4 million and 129.8 million, respectively, and the mortgage loans payable encumbering the real estate properties had an outstanding principal amount of 74.4 million and 73.5 million, respectively. 
 
 Equity Investments 
 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we owned 14.9 of equity interest in a limited partnership that invests primarily in performing and non-performing mortgages, loans, mezzanines and other credit instruments supported by underlying commercial real estate assets. We also beneficially own equity interests in joint ventures that invest in real estate properties, opportunistic debt and equity securities and, indirectly, together with other non-affiliated entities, non-real estate operating companies, as well as a preferred equity investment with residual profit sharing from sale of the underlying property. These investments are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, these equity investments had total carrying value of 80.8 million and 37.2 million, respectively. 
 
 Book Value Per Share 
 
 We calculate our book value per share by dividing our net equity by the number of outstanding shares of our common stock, unless otherwise determined by our Board. Our book value per share of Class B Stock Common Stock as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was 8.47 and 9.93, respectively. 
 
 Portfolio Investment Activity 
 
 Net Loan Portfolio 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we invested 15.3 million and 3.9 million in new and add-on investments and had 21.7 million and 16.5 million of repayments, resulting in net repayments of 6.4 million and 12.6 million, respectively. Amounts are net of obligations under participation agreements and secured financing agreements. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we invested 73.1 million and 37.1 million in new and add-on investments and had 103.8 million and 29.8 million of repayments, resulting in net repayments of 30.8 million and net investments of 7.3 million, respectively. Amounts are net of obligations under participation agreements and secured financing agreements. 
 
 42 

Net Loan Portfolio Information 
 
 The tables below set forth the types of loans in our loan portfolio, as well as the property type and geographic location of the properties securing these loans, on a net loan basis, which represents our proportionate share of the loans, based on our economic ownership of these loans as of: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Loan Structure Principal Balance Carrying Value of Total Principal Balance Carrying Value of Total First mortgages 201,365,490 203,274,827 75.8 365,465,500 354,004,530 77.5 Preferred equity investments 79,085,118 47,334,518 17.7 126,550,969 85,222,201 18.7 Mezzanine loans 17,444,357 17,361,795 6.5 17,444,357 17,245,527 3.8 Total 297,894,965 267,971,140 100.0 509,460,826 456,472,258 100.0 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Property Type Principal Balance Carrying Value of Total Principal Balance Carrying Value of Total Office 116,221,158 84,604,062 31.6 144,812,619 106,462,535 23.3 Infill land 54,870,512 56,197,733 21.0 52,839,509 54,024,545 11.8 Multifamily 55,965,163 56,118,383 20.9 85,660,082 84,417,184 18.5 Mixed-use 32,838,132 32,234,987 12.0 63,096,365 47,362,653 10.4 Student housing 31,000,000 31,859,506 11.9 31,000,000 31,758,493 7.0 Industrial 7,000,000 6,956,469 2.6 67,579,869 67,543,553 14.8 Hotel - full/select service 43,222,382 43,460,206 9.5 Infrastructure 21,250,000 21,443,089 4.7 Total 297,894,965 267,971,140 100.0 509,460,826 456,472,258 100.0 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Geographic Location Principal Balance Carrying Value of Total Principal Balance Carrying Value of Total United States California 57,976,512 58,043,423 21.6 119,093,246 117,955,109 25.9 New York 75,517,822 43,916,695 16.4 90,483,672 49,041,668 10.7 Arizona 31,970,512 32,152,733 12.0 31,000,000 31,151,623 6.8 Georgia 30,244,366 30,225,371 11.3 74,335,828 62,564,770 13.8 Utah 28,000,000 28,910,000 10.8 49,250,000 50,293,850 11.0 New Jersey 22,900,000 24,045,000 9.0 82,419,378 83,485,543 18.3 Washington 22,459,274 22,360,105 8.3 34,052,223 33,908,737 7.4 North Carolina 21,826,479 21,361,344 8.0 21,826,479 21,140,026 4.6 Massachusetts 7,000,000 6,956,469 2.6 7,000,000 6,930,932 1.5 Total 297,894,965 267,971,140 100.0 509,460,826 456,472,258 100.0 
 
 Factors Impacting Operating Results 
 
 Our results of operations are affected by a number of factors and primarily depend on, among other things, the level of the interest income from targeted assets, the market value of our assets and the supply of, and demand for, real estate-related loans, including mezzanine loans, first mortgage loans, subordinated mortgage loans, preferred equity investments and other loans related to high quality commercial real estate in the United States, and the financing and other costs associated with our business. Interest income and borrowing costs may vary as a result of changes in interest rates, which could impact the net interest we receive on our assets. Our operating results may also be impacted by conditions in the financial markets and unanticipated credit events experienced by borrowers under our loan assets. 
 
 43 

Credit Risk 
 
 Our loans and investments are subject to credit risk. The performance and value of our loans and investments depend upon the owners ability to operate the properties that serve as our collateral so that they produce cash flows adequate to pay interest and principal due to us. To monitor this risk, our asset management team reviews our investment portfolios and is in regular contact with our borrowers, monitoring performance of the collateral and enforcing our rights as necessary. 
 
 In addition, we are exposed to the risks generally associated with the commercial real estate market, including variances in occupancy rates, capitalization rates, absorption rates, and other macroeconomic factors beyond our control. We seek to manage these risks through our Manager's underwriting and asset management processes. 
 
 We maintain all of our cash at financial institutions which, at times, may exceed the amount insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
 
 Concentration Risk 
 
 We hold real estate and real estate-related loans. Thus, our investment portfolio may be subject to a more rapid change in value than would be the case if it were required to maintain a wide diversification among industries, companies and types of loans. The result of such concentration in real estate assets is that a loss in such investments could materially reduce our capital. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk represents the effect from a change in interest rates, which could result in an adverse change in the fair value of our interest-bearing financial instruments. With respect to our business operations, increases in interest rates, in general, may over time cause: (i) the interest expense associated with variable rate borrowings to increase; (ii) the value of real estate and real estate-related loans to decline; (iii) coupons on variable rate loans to reset, although on a delayed basis, to higher interest rates; (iv) to the extent applicable under the terms of our investments, prepayments on real estate-related loans to slow; and (v) to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our hedging strategy, the value of these agreements to increase. 
 
 Conversely, decreases in interest rates, in general, may over time cause: (i) the interest expense associated with variable rate borrowings to decrease; (ii) the value of real estate and real estate-related loans to increase; (iii) coupons on variable rate real estate-related loans to reset, although on a delayed basis, to lower interest rates; (iv) to the extent applicable under the terms of our investments, prepayments on real estate-related loans to increase; and (v) to the extent we enter into interest rate swap agreements as part of our hedging strategy, the value of these agreements to decrease. 
 
 Prepayment Risk 
 
 Prepayments can either positively or adversely affect the yields on our loans. Prepayments on debt instruments, where permitted under the debt documents, are influenced by changes in current interest rates and a variety of economic, geographic and other factors beyond our control, and consequently, such prepayment rates cannot be predicted with certainty. If we do not collect a prepayment fee in connection with a prepayment or are unable to invest the proceeds of such prepayments received, the yield on the portfolio will decline. In addition, we may acquire assets at a discount or premium and if the asset does not repay when expected, the anticipated yield may be impacted. Under certain interest rate and prepayment scenarios we may fail to recoup fully our cost of acquisition of certain loans. 
 
 Extension Risk 
 
 Extension risk is the risk that our assets will be repaid at a slower rate than anticipated and generally increases when interest rates rise. In which case, to the extent we have financed the acquisition of an asset, we may have to finance our asset at potentially higher costs without the ability to reinvest principal into higher yielding securities because borrowers prepay their mortgages at a slower pace than originally expected, adversely impacting our net interest spread, and thus our net interest income. 
 
 44 

Real Estate Risk 
 
 The market values of commercial and residential mortgage assets are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; retroactive changes to building or similar codes; pandemics; natural disasters; and other acts of god. In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the underlying loans, which could also cause us to suffer losses. 
 
 Use of Leverage 
 
 We deploy moderate amounts of leverage as part of our operating strategy, which may consist of borrowings under first mortgage financings, warehouse facilities, term loans, repurchase agreements and other credit facilities. While borrowing and leverage present opportunities for increasing total return, they may have the effect of potentially creating or increasing losses. 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 Our loans are highly illiquid, and there is no assurance that we will achieve our investment objectives, including targeted returns. Due to the illiquidity of the loans, valuation of our loans may be difficult, as there generally will be no established markets for these loans. 
 
 45 

Results of Operations 
 The following table presents the comparative results of our operations: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenues Interest income 9,404,033 12,712,587 (3,308,554) 29,987,792 44,206,847 (14,219,055) Real estate operating revenue 2,736,881 4,121,040 (1,384,159) 8,175,207 8,257,943 (82,736) Other operating income 65,385 275,944 (210,559) 226,165 429,407 (203,242) 12,206,299 17,109,571 (4,903,272) 38,389,164 52,894,197 (14,505,033) Operating expenses Operating expenses reimbursed to Manager 1,341,587 2,407,757 (1,066,170) 5,852,522 6,704,790 (852,268) Asset management fee 1,504,536 2,049,916 (545,380) 4,839,549 6,152,392 (1,312,843) Asset servicing fee 360,606 487,210 (126,604) 1,162,126 1,454,109 (291,983) (Reversal of) provision for credit losses (687,598) 27,096,841 (27,784,439) 3,761,838 30,899,434 (27,137,596) Real estate operating expenses 586,293 1,912,322 (1,326,029) 2,059,570 4,986,446 (2,926,876) Depreciation and amortization 1,746,737 2,551,323 (804,586) 5,610,538 4,989,800 620,738 Professional fees 573,526 1,081,803 (508,277) 2,285,175 2,849,125 (563,950) Directors fees 83,750 83,750 259,060 263,964 (4,904) Other 89,286 92,112 (2,826) 452,791 495,987 (43,196) Impairment charge 11,765,540 (11,765,540) 5,598,723 37,763,034 (32,164,311) 26,283,169 70,561,587 (44,278,418) Operating income (loss) 6,607,576 (20,653,463) 27,261,039 12,105,995 (17,667,390) 29,773,385 Other income and expenses Interest expense on secured financing (6,487,146) (7,244,798) 757,652 (20,357,898) (20,847,813) 489,915 Interest expense on unsecured notes payable (2,465,390) (2,416,518) (48,872) (7,358,342) (7,216,091) (142,251) Interest expense on obligations under participation agreements (779,793) (243,945) (535,848) (2,168,936) (1,353,006) (815,930) Unrealized (loss) gain on investments, net (74,849) (1,040,192) 965,343 103,721 (982,384) 1,086,105 Income (loss) from equity investment in unconsolidated investments 1,025,176 41,839 983,337 2,223,759 (2,154,955) 4,378,714 Loss on repayment of loan (5,629,510) (5,629,510) (5,629,510) (5,629,510) Gain on extinguishment of debt 14,079,379 (14,079,379) 14,079,379 (14,079,379) Realized loss on investments, net (446,009) (25,024) (420,985) (14,411,512) 3,175,765 (17,587,277) (33,633,215) (18,499,894) (15,133,321) Net loss (7,803,936) (17,477,698) 9,673,762 (21,527,220) (36,167,284) 14,640,064 
 
 Net Loan Portfolio 
 
 In assessing the performance of our loans, we believe it is appropriate to evaluate the loans on an economic basis, that is, gross loans net of obligations under participation agreements, promissory notes payable, revolving credit facility and repurchase agreements payable. 

46 

The following table presents a reconciliation of our loan portfolio on a weighted average basis from gross to net : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Weighted Average Principal Amount (1) 
 Weighted Average Coupon Rate (2) 
 Weighted Average Principal Amount (1) 
 Weighted Average Coupon Rate (2) 
 Total portfolio Gross loans 394,158,779 12.7 523,306,837 13.1 Obligations under participation agreements (15,000,000) 20.2 (13,690,945) 17.3 Promissory notes payable (52,264,913) 10.1 (3,700,000) 10.9 Repurchase agreements payable (75,061,487) 8.6 (117,134,447) 7.4 Revolving line of credit payable (34,761,111) 8.2 (86,269,481) 8.7 Net loans (3) 
 217,071,268 15.0 302,511,964 16.4 Senior loans Gross loans 301,309,122 12.7 396,644,512 12.6 Obligations under participation agreements (13,690,945) 17.3 Promissory notes payable (52,264,913) 10.1 (3,700,000) 10.9 Repurchase agreements payable (75,061,487) 8.6 (117,134,447) 7.4 Revolving line of credit payable (34,761,111) 8.2 (86,269,481) 8.7 Net loans (3) 
 139,221,611 17.0 175,849,639 17.7 Subordinated loans (4) 
 Gross loans 92,849,657 12.9 126,662,325 14.5 Obligations under participation agreements (15,000,000) 20.2 Net loans (3) 
 77,849,657 11.5 126,662,325 13.1 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Weighted Average Principal Amount (1) 
 Weighted Average Coupon Rate (2) 
 Weighted Average Principal Amount (1) 
 Weighted Average Coupon Rate (2) 
 Total portfolio Gross loans 446,837,869 12.7 587,736,739 12.6 Obligations under participation agreements (14,014,599) 18.8 (13,353,339) 17.3 Promissory notes payable (66,227,552) 10.1 (912,329) 10.9 Repurchase agreements payable (76,680,105) 8.6 (143,304,056) 7.4 Revolving line of credit payable (38,786,372) 8.2 (100,087,965) 8.7 Net loans (3) 
 251,129,241 15.0 330,079,050 15.9 Senior loans Gross loans 343,982,323 12.6 458,476,432 12.0 Obligations under participation agreements (13,353,339) 17.3 Promissory notes payable (66,227,552) 10.1 (912,329) 10.9 Repurchase agreements payable (76,680,105) 8.6 (143,304,056) 7.4 Revolving line of credit payable (38,786,372) 8.2 (100,087,965) 8.7 Net loans (3) 
 162,288,294 16.6 200,818,743 16.6 Subordinated loans (4) 
 Gross loans 102,855,546 13.3 129,260,307 14.5 Obligations under participation agreements (14,014,599) 18.8 Net loans (3) 
 88,840,947 12.4 129,260,307 14.5 
 _______________ 
 (1) Amount is calculated based on the number of days each loan is outstanding. 
 (2) Amount is calculated based on the underlying principal amount of each loan. 
 47 

(3) The weighted average coupon rate represents net interest income over the period calculated using the weighted average coupon rate and weighted average principal amount shown on the table (interest income on the loans less interest expense) divided by the weighted average principal amount of the net loans during the period. 
 (4) Subordinated loans include mezzanine loans, preferred equity investments and credit facilities. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, interest income decreased by 3.3 million, primarily due to a decrease in contractual interest income as a result of a decrease in the weighted average principal balance of performing loans as well as a decrease in the weighted average coupon rate due to decreases in the underlying index rates. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest income decreased by 14.2 million, primarily due to a decrease in contractual interest income as a result of a decrease in the weighted average principal balance of performing loans as well as an increase in suspended interest income accrual on non-performing loans of 5.3 million, partially offset by an increase in the weighted average coupon rate due to increases in the underlying index rates. 
 
 Real Estate Operating Revenue 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, real estate operating revenue decreased by 1.4 million and 0.1 million, respectively, primarily due to a reduction in lease revenue resulting from the disposal of the office building in October 2023, partially offset by an increase in lease revenue contributed by the five industrial buildings acquired in May 2023. 
 
 Other Operating Income 
 
 For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, other operating income decreased by 0.2 million, primarily due to a decline in dividend income earned on our marketable securities. 
 
 Operating Expenses Reimbursed to Manager 
 
 Under the terms of a management agreement (the Management Agreement with our Manager, we reimburse our Manager for operating expenses incurred in connection with services provided to us, including our allowable share of our Manager s overhead, such as rent, employee costs, utilities and technology costs. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, operating expenses reimbursed to our Manager decreased by 1.1 million and 0.9 million, respectively, primarily due to a decrease in our Manager s overhead costs as well as a decrease in the allocation ratio. 
 
 Asset Management Fee 
 
 Under the terms of the Management Agreement with our Manager, we paid our Manager a monthly asset management fee at an annual rate of 1 of the aggregate funds under management, which included the aggregate gross acquisition price, net of participation interest sold to affiliates, for each real estate-related investment and cash held by us. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, asset management fees decreased by 0.5 million and 1.3 million, respectively, primarily due to a decrease in total assets under management primarily resulting from repayment of loans. 
 
 Asset Servicing Fee 
 
 Under the terms of the Management Agreement with our Manager, we paid our Manager a monthly servicing fee at an annual rate of 0.25 of the aggregate gross origination price or acquisition price for each real estate-related loan held by us. 
 
 48 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, asset servicing fees decreased by 0.1 million and 0.3 million, respectively, primarily due to a decrease in total assets under management resulting from the repayment of loans. 
 
 (Reversal of) Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 On January 1, 2023, we adopted the provisions of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ), which requires entities to recognize credit losses on financial instruments based on an estimate of current expected credit losses. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a reversal of provision for credit losses of (0.7) million, primarily related to an increase in modeled economic forecasts for commercial real estate and the overall shortening duration of loans in the portfolio, partially offset by a decline in our estimated recoverable amount on a non-performing subordinated loan due to an increase in funding on the senior loan. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, provision for credit losses was 3.8 million, primarily related to a decline in our estimated recoverable amount on a non-performing subordinated loan due to an increase in senior funding as well as a decline in modeled macroeconomic forecasts for commercial real estate. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, provision for credit losses was 27.1 million and 30.9 million, respectively, primarily due to a decline in the fair value of the collateral on a loan. 
 
 Real Estate Operating Expenses 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, real estate operating expenses decreased by 1.3 million and 2.9 million, respectively, primarily due the disposal of the office building in October 2023. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, depreciation and amortization decreased by 0.8 million, primarily due to the disposal of the office building in October 2023, partially offset by an increase in depreciation and amortization related to 5 industrial buildings that we acquired in May 2023. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, depreciation and amortization increased by 0.6 million, primarily due to the industrial buildings that we acquired in 2023, partially offset by a reduction in depreciation and amortization related to the disposal of the office building in October 2023. 
 
 Professional Fees 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, professional fees decreased by 0.5 million and 0.6 million, respectively, primarily due to legal fees incurred in connection with a review of strategic alternatives for our company in 2023. 
 
 Impairment Charge 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized an impairment charge of 11.8 million on the multi-tenant office building located in California in order to reduce the carrying value of the building to its estimated fair value. There was no impairment charge for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Interest Expense on Secured Financing 
 
 Our secured financing consists of repurchase agreements, revolving line of credit, term loan, promissory notes and property mortgages. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest expense on secured financing decreased by 0.8 million and 0.5 million, respectively, as a result of a decrease in 
 49 

the weighted average principal amount outstanding, partially offset by an increase in the index rate on secured financing agreements. 
 
 Interest Expense on Unsecured Notes Payable 
 
 In June 2021, we issued 85.1 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.00 notes due 2026. In connection with the BDC Merger, we assumed 38.4 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.00 notes due in 2026. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest expense on unsecured notes payable remained substantially the same. 
 
 Interest from Obligations under Participation Agreements 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest expense from obligations under participation agreements increased by 0.5 million and 0.8 million, respectively, primarily as a result of an increase in the weighted average interest rate on the outstanding obligations under participation agreements as well as an increase in the weighted average principal amount outstanding. 
 
 Unrealized (Loss) Gain on Investments, Net 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, unrealized loss on investments, net decreased by 1.0 million and 1.1 million, respectively, primarily due to an increase in the fair value of our marketable securities at period end. 
 
 Income (Loss) from Equity Investment in Unconsolidated Investments 
 
 As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we owned a 14.9 equity interest in RESOF, a limited partnership that invests primarily in performing and non-performing mortgages, loans, mezzanines and other credit instruments supported by underlying commercial real estate assets. W e also beneficially owned equity interests in joint ventures that invest in real estate properties, opportunistic debt and equity securities and, indirectly, together with other non-affiliated entities, non-real estate operating companies, and a preferred equity investment with residual profit-sharing. 
 
 Our income (loss) from equity investment in unconsolidated investments are as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income (loss) from equity investment in RESOF 1,932,624 902,412 4,706,892 46,624 Loss from equity investment in the joint ventures (1,488,677) (860,573) (3,140,340) (2,201,579) Income from other equity investments 581,229 657,207 1,025,176 41,839 2,223,759 (2,154,955) 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, equity income from RESOF increased as a result of increased income associated with increased investment. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, equity loss from the joint ventures increased primarily due to an increase in depreciation, amortization and interest expense recognized by the joint ventures. 
 
 Loss on Repayment of Loan 
 
 In August 2024, a 65.0 million senior loan was repaid, resulting in a loss on repayment of 5.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, which included the write-off of interest receivable of 4.8 million. There was no such loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 50 

Gain on Extinguishment of Debt 
 
 In September 2023, an unrelated counterparty to a participation agreement conveyed its interest in the obligation under participation agreement to us and we recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of 14.1 million. There was no such gain for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Realized Loss On Investments, Net 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold a portion of our investments in marketable equity securities and recognized a net loss on sale of 0.4 million. There was no such realized loss on investments for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, our held-to-maturity debt securities that we purchased at a premium was redeemed at par and we recognized a net loss investment of 0.03 million. There was no such realized loss on investments for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Net Loss 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the resulting net loss decreased by 9.7 million and 14.6 million, respectively. 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to repay borrowings, funding and maintaining our assets and operations, making distributions to our stockholders and other general business needs. We use significant cash to purchase our target assets, repay principal and interest on our borrowings, make distributions to our investors and fund our operations. Our primary sources of cash generally consist of payments of principal and interest we receive on our portfolio of investments, cash generated from our operating results and unused borrowing capacity under our financing sources. We deploy moderate amounts of leverage as part of our operating strategy and use a number of sources to finance our target assets, including our senior notes, term loan, repurchase agreement and revolving line of credit. We may use other sources to finance our target assets, including bank financing and arranged financing facilities with domestic or international financing providers. In addition, we may divide the loans we originate into senior and junior tranches and dispose of the more senior tranches as an additional means of providing financing to our business. 
 
 We may also issue additional equity, equity-related and debt securities to fund our investment strategies. We may issue these securities to unaffiliated third parties or to vehicles advised by affiliates of Terra Capital Partners or third parties. As part of our capital raising transactions, we may grant to one or more of these vehicles certain control rights over our activities including rights to approve major decisions we take as part of our business. In order to qualify as a REIT, we must distribute to our stockholders, each calendar year, dividends equal to at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (including certain items of non-cash income), determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain. These distribution requirements limit our ability to retain earnings and thereby replenish or increase capital for our business. 
 
 We expect to fund approximately 19.8 million of the unfunded commitments to borrowers as well as 15.0 million of the unfunded commitment on a subscription agreement during the next twelve months. We expect to maintain sufficient liquidity to fund such commitments through matching these commitments with principal repayments on outstanding loans or draw downs on our credit facilities. Obligation under participation agreement of 15.0 million will mature in the next twelve months. We use the proceeds from the repayment of the corresponding investment to repay the participation obligation. Our revolving line of credit with outstanding principal balance of 34.8 million is to come due on December 31, 2024 and our Goldman Sachs Bank repurchase agreement with outstanding principal balance of 48.2 million is to come due on February 18, 2025. We expect to either extend the term of the facilities or convert the facilities to a term loan with maturity co-terminus with the underlying loans and use the proceeds from the repayment of the underlying loans to repay the term loans, or refinance with another lender. Additionally, two promissory notes payable with a total outstanding principal balance of 22.3 million that is collateralized by senior loans with aggregate principal balance of 50.9 million will mature within the next twelve months. We expect to use proceeds from the repayment of the underlying loans to repay the promissory notes payable. 
 
 51 

Summary of Financing 
 
 The table below summarizes our debt financing as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Type of Financing Maximum Amount Available Outstanding Balance Amount Remaining Available Interest Rate Maturity Date Fixed Rate: Unsecured notes payable N/A 85,125,000 N/A 6.00 June 2026 Unsecured notes payable N/A 38,375,000 N/A 7.00 March 2026 Property mortgages N/A 40,250,000 N/A 6.25 June 2028 163,750,000 Variable Rate: Property mortgages N/A 34,100,000 N/A Term SOFR +3.5 (Term SOFR Floor of 3.75 April 2027 Promissory notes payable N/A 37,652,205 N/A Term SOFR plus a spread ranging from 4.75 to 5.98 with a combined floor rate ranging from 9.0 to 11.28 March 2025 - March 2026 Revolving line of credit 34,761,111 34,761,111 Term SOFR + 3.5 (combined floor rate of 7.0 December 2024 Goldman Sachs Bank 
 repurchase agreement 
 200,000,000 48,188,441 151,811,559 Term SOFR (subject to underlying loan floors on a case-by-case basis) plus a spread ranging from 2.0 to 5.00 
 February 2025 234,761,111 154,701,757 151,811,559 
 
 Cash Flows (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash flows used in operating activities was 5.6 million, compared to cash flow from operating activities of 6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in operating cash flows was primarily due to a decrease in net contractual interest income. 
 
 Cash Flows Provided by Investing Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash flows provided by investing activities were 117.9 million, primarily related to proceeds from repayment of loans of 206.0 million and promissory note receivable of 9.5 million, partially offset by origination and purchase of loans of 49.8 million and purchase of equity interests in unconsolidated investments of 47.2 million. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash flows provided by investing activities were 0.6 million, primarily related to proceeds from repayments of loans of 123.4 million, proceeds from sale of debt securities of 20.0 million and return of capital on unconsolidated investments of 11.3 million, partially offset by origination and purchase of loans of 73.1 million, purchase of real estate properties of 52.5 million, and purchase of debt securities of 20.0 million and purchase of marketable securities of 7.9 million. 
 
 Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash flows used in financing activities were 98.7 million, primarily related to principal repayments on secured financing of 159.1 million, distributions paid of 13.9 million and payment for financing costs of 1.1 million, partially offset by proceeds from secured financing of 60.7 million and proceeds from obligations under participation agreements of 15.0 million. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash flows used in financing activities were 13.5 million, primarily due to repayment of borrowing under the repurchase agreements of 72.2 million, repayment of borrowing under the revolving line of credit of 96.8 million, distributions paid of 14.0 million and repayment of borrowing under the term loan of 10.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from mortgage loan payable of 73.2 million, proceeds from borrowing under the revolving line of credit of 57.0 million, proceeds from borrowing under a note payable of 36.6 million, proceeds from borrowing under the repurchase agreements of 14.2 million and proceeds from obligations under participation agreements of 1.5 million. 
 
 52 

Distribution Reinvestment Plan 
 
 On January 20, 2023, our Board adopted a distribution reinvestment plan (the Plan ), pursuant to which our stockholders may elect to reinvest cash distributions payable by us in additional shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, at the price per share determined pursuant to the Plan. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Critical accounting policies are those that require the application of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management has made estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management has utilized available information, including industry standards and the current economic environment, among other factors, in forming its estimates and judgments, giving due consideration to materiality. Actual results may differ from these estimates. In addition, other companies may utilize different estimates, which may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. As we execute our expected operating plans, we will describe additional critical accounting policies in the notes to our future consolidated financial statements in addition to those discussed below. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 On January 1, 2023, we adopted the provisions of ASU 2016-13, which requires entities to recognize credit losses on financial instruments based on an estimate of current expected credit losses CECL ). The CECL model requires the consideration of possible credit losses over the life of an instrument as opposed to estimating credit losses upon the occurrence of an actual loss event under the previous incurred loss methodology. 
 
 We use a model-based approach for estimating the allowance for credit losses on performing loans on a collective basis, including future funding commitments for which we do not have the unconditional right to cancel, as these loans share similar risk characteristics. We utilize information obtained from internal and external sources relating to past events, current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future to determine the expected credit losses for our loan portfolio. We utilize a commercial mortgage-based, third-party loan loss model and because we do not have a meaningful history of realized credit losses on our loan portfolio, we subscribe to a database service to provide historical proxy loan loss information. We employ logistic regression to forecast expected losses at the loan level based on a commercial real estate loan securitization database that contains activity dating back to 1998. We have chosen to incorporate a weighted average macroeconomic forecast that encompasses baseline, upside and downside scenarios, into our allowance for credit losses on performing loans estimate during the reasonable and supportable forecast period which is currently eight quarters. We select certain economics variables from a group of independent variables such as Commercial Real Estate Price Index, unemployment and interest rate which are included in the model as part of macroeconomic forecast and updated regularly based on current economic trends. The specific loan level information input into the model includes loan-to-value and debt service coverage ratio metrics, as well as principal balances, property type, location, coupon rate, coupon rate type, original or remaining term, expected repayment dates and contractual future funding commitments. Based on the inputs, the loan loss model determines a loan loss rate through the generation of a probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) for each loan. The allowance for credit losses on performing loans is then calculated by applying the loan loss rate to the total outstanding loan balance of each loan. These results require a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced by the models to determine the allowance for credit losses. Changes in such estimates can significantly affect the expected credit losses. 

Management Agreement with our Manager 
 
 We currently pay the following fees to our Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement: 
 
 Origination and Extension Fee . An origination fee in the amount of 1.0 of the amount used to originate, acquire, fund or structure real estate-related investments, including any third-party expenses related to such loan. In the event that the term of any real estate-related loan is extended, our Manager also receives an origination fee equal to the lesser of (i) 1.0 of the principal amount of the loan being extended or (ii) the amount of fee paid by the borrower in connection with such extension. 
 53 

Asset Management Fee . A monthly asset management fee at an annual rate equal to 1.0 of the aggregate funds under management, which includes the loan origination amount or aggregate gross acquisition cost, as applicable, for each real estate-related loan and cash held by us. 
 
 Asset Servicing Fee . A monthly asset servicing fee at an annual rate equal to 0.25 of the aggregate gross origination price or aggregate gross acquisition price for each real estate related loan then held by us (inclusive of closing costs and expenses). 
 
 Disposition Fee . A disposition fee in the amount of 1.0 of the gross sale price received by our company from the disposition of each loan, but not upon the maturity, prepayment, workout, modification or extension of a loan unless there is a corresponding fee paid by the borrower, in which case the disposition fee will be the lesser of (i) 1.0 of the principal amount of the loan and (ii) the amount of the fee paid by the borrower in connection with such transaction. If we take ownership of a property as a result of a workout or foreclosure of a loan, we will pay a disposition fee upon the sale of such property equal to 1.0 of the sales price. 
 
 Transaction Breakup Fee . In the event that we receive any breakup fees, busted-deal fees, termination fees, or similar fees or liquidated damages from a third-party in connection with the termination or non-consummation of any loan or disposition transaction, our Manager will be entitled to receive one-half of such amounts, in addition to the reimbursement of all out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by our Manager with respect to its evaluation and pursuit of such transactions. 
 
 In addition to the fees described above, we reimburse our Manager for operating expenses incurred in connection with services provided to the operations of our company, including our allocable share of our Manager s overhead, such as rent, employee costs, utilities, and technology costs. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of fees paid and costs reimbursed to our Manager in connection with providing services to us: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Origination and extension fee expense (1) 
 207,631 488,219 839,795 1,782,826 Asset management fee 1,504,536 2,049,916 4,839,549 6,152,392 Asset servicing fee 360,606 487,210 1,162,126 1,454,109 Operating expenses reimbursed to Manager 1,341,587 2,407,757 5,852,522 6,704,790 Disposition fee (2) 
 432,224 242,500 907,224 1,451,063 Total 3,846,584 5,675,602 13,601,216 17,545,180 
 _______________ 
 (1) Origination and extension fee expense is generally offset with origination and extension fee income. Any excess is deferred and amortized to interest income over the term of the loan. 
 (2) Disposition fee is generally offset with exit fee income and included in interest income on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Promissory Note Payable with Terra LLC 
 On January 24, 2024, we, as borrower, entered into a revolving promissory note payable with Terra LLC. The promissory note payable bears interest at the Prime Rate, as such Prime Rate is published in the Wall Street Journal, computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days. The promissory note matures on March 31, 2027. As of September 30, 2024, amount outstanding under the promissory note payable was 35.1 million. The activity associated with this agreement is eliminated in consolidation and therefore has no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Cost Sharing and Reimbursement Agreement with Terra LLC 
 
 We have entered into a cost sharing and reimbursement agreement with Terra LLC, effective October 1, 2022 pursuant to which Terra LLC will be responsible for its allocable share of our expenses, including fees paid by us to our Manager based on relative assets under management. These fees are eliminated in consolidation and therefore have no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 54 

Participation Agreements 
 
 We have further diversified our exposure to loans and borrowers by entering into participation agreements whereby we transferred a portion of certain of our loans on a pari passu basis to related parties, primarily other affiliated funds managed by our Manager or its affiliates, and to a lesser extent, unrelated parties. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the principal balance of our participation obligation was 15.0 million, which was a participation obligation to a related-party managed by the Manager. 
 
 The loans that are subject to participation agreements are held in our name, but each of the participant s rights and obligations, including with respect to interest income and other income (e.g., exit fee, prepayment income) and related fees/expenses (e.g., disposition fees, asset management and asset servicing fees), are based upon their respective pro rata participation interest in such participated investments, as specified in the respective participation agreements. We do not have direct liability to a participant with respect to the underlying loan and the participants share of the investments is repayable only from the proceeds received from the related borrower/issuer of the investments and, therefore, the participants also are subject to credit risk (i.e., risk of default by the underlying borrower/issuer). 
 
 Pursuant to the participation agreement with these entities, we receive and allocate the interest income and other related investment income to the participants based on their respective pro rata participation interest. The affiliated fund participant pays related expenses also based on their respective pro rata participation interest (i.e., asset management and asset servicing fees, disposition fees) directly to our Manager, as per the terms of each respective affiliate s management agreement. 
 
 Other than for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our loan participations do not qualify for sale treatment. As such, the investments remain on our combined consolidated balance sheets and the proceeds are recorded as obligations under participation agreements. Similarly, interest earned on the entire loan balance is recorded within Interest income and the interest related to the participation interest is recorded within Interest expense from obligations under participation agreements in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the weighted average outstanding principal balance on obligations under participation agreements was approximately 15.0 million and 14.0 million, respectively, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 20.2 and 18.8 , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the weighted average outstanding principal balance on obligations under participation agreements of approximately 13.7 million and 13.4 million, respectively, and the weighted average interest rate was approximately 17.3 and 17.3 , respectively. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We may be subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. To the extent that we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income will be dependent upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest these funds. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which may reduce our net investment income. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 
 
 The following table summarizes the aggregate principal balance of variable rate investments and indebtedness as of: 
 September 30, 2024 Variable rate investments 297,353,935 Variable rate debt 154,701,757 
 
 The following table summarizes estimated changes in net investment income on our variable rate investments and indebtedness as of September 30, 2024 assuming hypothetical increases or decreases in Term SOFR or SOFR: 
 1.00 Decrease 1.00 Increase Increase (decrease) in investment income from variable rate investments (2,764,823) 2,973,539 Decrease (increase) in interest expense from variable rate debt 1,262,246 (1,455,436) Net increase (decrease) in investment income from variable rate instruments (1,502,577) 1,518,103 
 55 

We may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments, such as futures, options and forward contracts. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we did not engage in interest rate hedging activities that qualify for hedge accounting. 
 
 Prepayment Risks 
 
 Prepayments can either positively or adversely affect the yields on our loans. Prepayments on debt instruments, where permitted under the debt documents, are influenced by changes in current interest rates and a variety of economic, geographic and other factors beyond our control, and consequently, such prepayment rates cannot be predicted with certainty. If we do not collect a prepayment fee in connection with a prepayment or are unable to invest the proceeds of such prepayments received, the yield on the portfolio will decline. In addition, we may acquire assets at a discount or premium and if the asset does not repay when expected, the anticipated yield may be impacted. Under certain interest rate and prepayment scenarios we may fail to recoup fully our cost of acquisition of certain loans. 
 
 Extension Risk 
 
 Extension risk is the risk that our assets will be repaid at a slower rate than anticipated and generally increases when interest rates rise. In which case, to the extent we have financed the acquisition of an asset, we may have to finance our asset at potentially higher costs without the ability to reinvest principal into higher yielding securities because borrowers prepay their mortgages at a slower pace than originally expected, adversely impacting our net interest spread, and thus our net interest income. 
 
 Real Estate Risk 
 
 The market values of commercial and residential mortgage assets are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; demographic factors; retroactive changes to building or similar codes; pandemics; natural disasters; and other acts of god. In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the underlying loans, which could also cause us to suffer losses. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 We are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in connection with holding a portfolio of our target assets. With respect to our loan portfolio, we seek to manage credit risk by limiting exposure to any one individual borrower and any one asset class. 
 
 Additionally, our Manager employs an asset management approach and monitors the portfolio of investments through, at a minimum, quarterly financial review of property performance including net operating income, loan-to-value, debt service coverage ratio and the debt yield. Our Manager also requires certain borrowers to establish a cash reserve, as a form of additional collateral, for the purpose of providing for future interest or property-related operating payments. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that we would meet our disclosure obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. 
 56 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the most recent fiscal quarter, there was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting, as defined under Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we and individuals employed by us and our Manager may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our borrowers and investees. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that such proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 None. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 The following exhibits are filed with this report. Documents other than those designated as being filed herewith are incorporated herein by reference. Exhibit No. Description and Method of Filing 3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Terra Property Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Amendment No.1 to Form 10 (File No. 000-56117) filed with the SEC on December 16, 2019). 
 3.2 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Terra Property Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC on December 5, 2023). 
 3.3 Articles of Supplementary of Terra Property Trust, Inc. Designating 12.5 Series A Redeemable Cumulative Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration Statement on Amendment No.1 to Form 10 (File No. 000-56117) filed with the SEC on December 16, 2019). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated June 10, 2021, by and between Terra Property Trust, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-40496) filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021). 
 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 10, 2021, by and between Terra Property Trust, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-40496) filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021). 
 
 57 

Exhibit No. Description and Method of Filing 4.3 Form of Global Note representing the notes (included in Exhibit 4.2). 
 4.4 Indenture, dated February 10, 2021, by and between Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Terra Income Fund 6, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2021). 
 4.5 First Supplemental Indenture, dated February 10, 2021, by and between Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2021). 
 4.6 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated October 1, 2022, by and among Terra Income Fund 6, Inc., Terra Merger Sub, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.4 of Terra Income Fund 6, LLC s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022). 
 4.7 Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 13, 2023). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File Included as Exhibit 101 (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 58 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: November 8, 2024 
 TERRA PROPERTY TRUST, INC. By: /s/ Vikram S. Uppal Vikram S. Uppal Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Gregory M. Pinkus Gregory M. Pinkus Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tpt93024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Vikram S. Uppal, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Terra Property Trust, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Vikram S. Uppal Vikram S. Uppal Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tpt93024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gregory M. Pinkus, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Terra Property Trust, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Gregory M. Pinkus Gregory M. Pinkus Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 tpt93024ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Terra Property Trust, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Vikram S. Uppal, Chief Executive Officer, and I, Gregory M. Pinkus, Chief Financial Officer, each certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Vikram S. Uppal Vikram S. Uppal Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) s Gregory M. Pinkus Gregory M. Pinkus Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tpt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 tpt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 tpt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 tpt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 tpt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

