<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1471781_0001731122-24-001804.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6570358</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>163545</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1157821</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1550122</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1644511</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1920804</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-24-001804.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160950
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-24-001804
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GBT Technologies Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001471781
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				270603137
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54530
		FILM NUMBER:		241462171

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2500 BROADWAY SUITE F125
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		424-238-4589

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2500 BROADWAY SUITE F125
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gopher Protocol Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150225

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Forex International Trading Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090908

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-24-001804.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 e6118_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

United States 

 Securities and Exchange Commission 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commissions file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 
 
 incorporation or organization 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

Issuer s telephone number: - 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: Not applicable. 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Not applicable. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

State the number of shares outstanding of each of
the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 

Common Stock, 0.00001 par value 
 Common Shares 
 
 (Class) 
 (Outstanding at November 13, 2024) 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. 
 Financial Information 
 
 Page 

Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited/As Restated) 
 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholder s Deficit for the three and nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited/As Restated) 
 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three and nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited/As Restated) 
 
 6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 7 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 35 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 37 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 37 

PART II. 
 Other Information 
 
 39 

Signatures 
 
 51 

1 

Item 1: Condensed consolidated financial statements 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

ASSETS 
 September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 (Audited) 
 
 Current Assets: 

Cash 

Note receivable 

Marketable securities 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts Payable and accrued expenses - related party 

Accrued settlement 

Convertible notes payable, current, net of discount of and 

Convertible notes payable, related party, net of discount of and 

Notes payable, current, net of original issue discount of and 

Notes payable, related party 

Derivative liability 

Total current liabilities 

Non-Current Liabilities: 

Note payable, noncurrent, net of discount of and 

Total noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Series B Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Series C Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Series H Preferred stock, par value 500 stated value); shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Series I Preferred stock, par value 350 stated value); shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Treasury stock, at cost; shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shares to be cancelled 

Stock loan receivable 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Non-Controlling Interest 

Total stockholders deficit attributable to GBT Technologies, Inc. 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited/As Restated) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Marketing expenses 

Professional expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Interest expense and financing costs 

Loss from Investment -Equity Method 

Gain on loss of control 

Change in fair value of marketable securities 

Gain from Debt Settlement 

Other income - related party licensing income 

Total other income (expense) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Income (loss) from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

Gain/(Loss) from discontinued operations 

Net income (loss) 

Less: net (loss) income attributable to the noncontrolling interest 
 )) 

Net income (loss) attributable to GTB Technologies Inc. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net loss per share (basic and diluted): 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

The following unaudited balances were updated to reflect
the discontinued operations of Mahaser Ltd. 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 
 (Unaudited/As Restated 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Series H Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Series I Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Share to be Cancelled 
 Stock Loan 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Receivable 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 

Common stock issued for conversions 

Fair value of derivative liability due to conversions 

Tokenize investment reclassification 

Net income 

Balance, March 31, 2024 

VisionWave investment reclassification 

Net income 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Net income 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

4 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Series H Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Series I Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Share to be Cancelled 
 Stock Loan 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Receivable 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

Common stock issued for conversions 

Fair value of derivative liability due to conversions 

Common stock issued for Service 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

Common stock issued for conversions 

Fair value of derivative liability due to conversions 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Common stock issued for conversions 

Fair value of derivative liability due to conversions 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Nine
 Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash
 Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net
 Income (loss) 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization
 of debt discount 

Change
 in fair value of derivative liability 

Excess
 of debt discount and financing costs 

Shares
 issued for services 

Change
 in fair value of market equity security 

Gain
 on debt extinguishment 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Account
 receivable 

Other
 receivable 

Prepaid 

Inventory 

Other
 assets 

Unearned
 revenue 

Contract
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses - RP 

Net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash
 Flows From Financing Activities: 

Issuance
 of convertible notes 

Repayments
 to note payables 

Repayments
 to related party 

Repayment
 of Convertible note 

Proceeds
 from related party 

Issuance
 of notes payable 

Net
 cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net
 changes in cash 

Cash,
 beginning of period 

Cash,
 end of period 

Cash
 paid for: 

Interest 

Income
 taxes 

Supplemental
 non-cash investing and financing activities 

Reduction
 in derivative liability due to conversion 

Shares
 issued for conversion of convertible debt 

Debt
 discount related to convertible debt 

VisionWave
 investment reclassification 

Tokenize
 investment reclassification 

The following unaudited balances were updated
to reflect the discontinued operations of Mahaser Ltd. 

The accompanying footnotes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

GBT Technologies, Inc. 

 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 (Unaudited) 

(the Purchase Price ), which VisionWave will pay with shares of common stock,
 0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock ). The Parties agree that the final Purchase Price may be adjusted and will
be governed by a valuation report issued by a professional third party Valuation ). If the final Purchase Price per Valuation
is less than , Tokenize has the option to cancel this Agreement. In accordance therewith, VisionWave agreed to issue and deliver
to Tokenize, 1,000 shares of Common Stock (the Shares representing 50 of VisionWave s issued and outstanding shares
of Common Stock, where the remainder of the 50 of VisionWave s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are owned by a corporation
controlled by Anat Attia. On June 4, 2024 Tokenize were issued additional 222 shares of VW for consideration of ten million Avant Technologies
Inc. AVAI shares. On August 17, 2024 Tokenize, the Company. and Magic entered into
agreements effective March 26, 2024 which assign the shares issued by the Company to Tokenize, 500 to GBT and 500 to Magic. Post this
transaction the Company holds 500 shares and Tokenize hold 222 shares of VW. As of September 30, 2024, the Company holds 26.53 
of VW s issued and outstanding shares. Here is the breakdown of the Company and Tokenize VW s
shareholders: 

GBT Technologies, Inc. 

On March 26, 2024, Bannix
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation Bannix ), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Original Agreement ),
by and among Bannix, VisionWave Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation Target and the shareholders of Target. 

On September 6, 2024, Bannix
entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Bannix, VisionWave Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Bannix VisionWave Holdings ), BNIX Merger Sub, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave Holdings Parent Merger Sub ), BNIX VW Merger
Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave, and Target. The Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of Bannix, VisionWave Holdings, Parent Merger Sub, Company Merger
Sub, and Target. 

The Mergers 

Pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, (a) Parent Merger Sub will merge with and into Bannix, with Bannix continuing as
the surviving entity (the Parent Merger ), as a result of which, (i) Bannix will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
VisionWave Holdings, and (ii) each issued and outstanding security of Bannix immediately prior to the effective time of the Parent
Merger (the Parent Merger Effective Time (other than shares of Bannix Common Stock that have been redeemed or are owned
by Bannix or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries as treasury shares and any Dissenting Parent Shares) shall no longer be outstanding
and shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for the issuance to the holder thereof of a substantially equivalent security of VisionWave
Holdings (other than the Parent Rights, which shall be automatically converted into shares of VisionWave Holdings), and, (b) immediately
following the consummation of the Parent Merger but on the same day, Company Merger Sub will merge with and into Target, with Target continuing
as the surviving entity (the Company Merger and, together with the Parent Merger, the Mergers ), as a result
of which, (i) Target will become a wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave Holdings, and (ii) each issued and outstanding security
of Target immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger (the Company Merger Effective Time (other than
any Cancelled Shares or Dissenting Shares) shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for the issuance
to the holder thereof of a substantially equivalent security of VisionWave Holdings. The Mergers and the other transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. 

Subject to a six month extension
the termination date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from September 14, 2024, the date that is 36 months from
the closing date of the Company s initial public offering of units, to March 14, 2025, the Business Combination is expected to close
in the first quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions, including the satisfaction of the minimum available cash condition,
the receipt of certain governmental approvals and the required approval by the stockholders of Bannix and Target. 

Consideration 

Pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the Parent Merger Effective Time, (a) each share of Bannix common stock, par value
 0.001 per share Bannix Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Parent Merger Effective Time that has not been
redeemed, is not owned by Bannix or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries as treasury shares and is not a Dissenting Parent Share
will automatically convert into one share of common stock, par value 0.001, of VisionWave Holdings (each, a share of VisionWave
Holdings Common Stock ), (b) each Bannix Warrant shall automatically convert into one warrant to purchase shares of VisionWave Holdings
Common Stock (each, a VisionWave Holdings Warrant on substantially the same terms and conditions; and (c) each Bannix Right
will be automatically converted into the number of shares of VisionWave Holdings Common Stock that would have been received by the holder
of such Bannix Right if it had been converted upon the consummation of a business combination in accordance with Bannix s organizational
documents. 

In accordance with the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the Company Merger Effective Time, (a) each share of issued and outstanding
Target common stock, par value 0.01 Target Common Stock ), shall be cancelled and converted into shares of VisionWave
Holdings Common Stock. 

Subject of closing the transaction,
the Company and Tokenize holdings will exchange their holdings in VW for about new shares of VisionWave Holdings, represent
about 20.47 of VisionWave Holdings post-closing. 

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
are prepared by the Company, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. The information furnished herein reflects all adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which in the opinion of management, are necessary to fairly state the Company s
financial position, the results of its operations, and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 

Stock Split 

On October 26, 2021, the Company
effectuated a reverse stock split. The share and per share information has been retroactively restated to reflect
this reverse stock split. 

In July 2, 2022 the Company filed
a preliminary information statement to the stockholders of record (the Record Date in connection with certain actions to
be taken by the written consent by stockholders holding a majority of the voting stock of the Company, dated as of June 28, 2022. 

To amend the Company s Articles of Incorporation, (the Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), of the Company from 2,000,000,000 shares to shares. This action concluded on August 11, 2022: 

(i) authorize the Company s Board of Directors to effect, in its sole discretion, a reverse stock split of the Common Stock in a ratio of up to (the Reverse Stock Split ), and (ii) authorize the filing of an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to implement the Reverse Stock Split and any other action deemed necessary to effectuate the Reverse Stock Split, without further approval or authorization of stockholders, at any time prior to December 31, 2023. This action was not commenced by the Company s board. 

On October 12, 2023, the Company amended its articles
of incorporation to increase its authorized shares of common stock to (the Increase Amendment ). The Increase
Amendment was approved by the board of directors as well as the shareholders holding in excess of a majority of the issued and outstanding
voting shares of the Company. 

and has a working capital deficit of as of September 30, 2024, which raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or obtain the necessary financing to meet its
obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management has plans to seek additional
capital through some private placement offerings of debt and equity securities. These plans, if successful, will mitigate the factors
which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These CFS do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result
from this uncertainty. 

no
later than March 1, 2022 and issue Mahaser shares of the Company s restricted common stock, which were never
issued. Effective July 1, 2023, the Company agreed to terminate the RSA with Mahaser Ltd. 

The financial results of Mahaser Ltd. are present
as loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes on our consolidated income through September 30, 2023, when our deconsolidation
occurred. 

t have any cash equivalents. 

The Company uses Level 2 inputs for its valuation
methodology for derivative liabilities as their FV were determined by using the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model based on various assumptions.
The Company s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect FV at each period end, with any increase or decrease in the FV being
recorded in results of operations as adjustments to FV of derivatives. 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
Company identified the following liabilities that are required to be presented on the balance sheet at FV: 

Fair Value 
 Fair Value Measurements at 

As of 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Description 
 December 31, 2023 
 Using Fair Value Hierarchy 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Conversion feature on convertible notes 

Revenue from providing IT consulting services
are recognized under Topic 606 in a manner that reasonably reflects the delivery of its services to customers in return
for expected consideration and includes the following elements: 

executed contracts with the Company s customers that it believes are legally enforceable; 

identification of performance obligations in the respective contract; 

determination of the transaction price for each performance obligation in the respective contract; 

allocation the transaction price to each performance obligation; and 

recognition of revenue only when the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

These five elements, as applied to each of the Company s IT revenue
category, is summarized below: 

IT consulting services - revenue is recorded on a monthly basis as services are provided. 

These five elements, as applied to each of the Company s
license revenue category, is summarize below: 

License services the one-time related party licensing income recorded as other income upon agreement is executed and services are provided and recognized over the term of five years. 

E-Commerce sales (discontinued during
2023) 

Identify the contract(s) with a customer. ASC 606 defines a contract as an agreement between two or more parties that creates enforceable rights and obligations . Since this is an e-commerce sale on the Amazon of eBay websites, the Company just followed the general terms on Amazon or eBay websites and the customer entered into a contract with the Company based on the product listed on the Amazon or eBay websites; 

Identify the performance obligations in the
contract. According to the contract, the Company is responsible for operation exclusively. The Company is entitled to all revenue which
is being paid by Amazon or eBay into a designated bank account and the Company is responsible for all product acquisitions as well as
shipments. The only performance obligations were the electronic products that were listed on Amazon or eBay websites and the Company determined
each order is one single obligation; 

Determine the transaction price. The transaction price set to
be the listed price on the Amazon or eBay websites; 

Allocation the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract; and 

Recognize revenue when the Company satisfies a performance obligation.
Sales are being recognized upon shipment. 

no
later than March 1, 2022 and issue Mahaser shares of the Company s restricted common stock, which were never
issued. The Company shall have no obligations to make any further payments to Mahaser. For any further extensions, the Company will have
the option to extend the RSA for annual payment of , which can be payable with the Company s shares of common stock payable
based on 20 days VWAP prior to issuance. On March 16, 2022 the parties entered into Amendment No. 1 to the to the RSA, where all
consideration to be paid or issued to Mahaser will be deferred until such time where the e-commerce platform generated in cumulative revenue
of 1,000,000. 

On March 31, 2022, the parties entered into Amendment
No. 2 to the RSA, where Mahaser agreed to pay the Company 100 per year for all revenue generated by and received by seller from the sales
by Amazon within the United States of America as follows from March 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. The Company will be responsible
for 100 of the cost of goods sold as well. In addition, the Company is entitled to earn 100 revenues and cost of goods sold of the period
from February 1, 2022 to February 28, 2022. On January 1, 2023 the company extended their partnership to December 31, 2023. Effective
July 1, 2023, the Company agreed to terminate the RSA with Mahaser Ltd. The period ended on September 30, 2024 and year ended December
31, 2023 does not include the result of operation by Mahaser, as it ceases being VIE. 

Series C preferred stock 

Series H preferred stock 

Series I preferred stock 

Warrants 

Convertible notes 

Total 

Marketable Securities from MetAlert Inc. 

Total Fair Value of Marketable Securities 

Investment Avant Trend Innovation Holdings, Inc- AVAI. 

On April 3, 2023, GBT Tokenize Corp., a subsidiary
that is owned by the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement APA with Trend Innovation Holdings, Inc. TREN ),
in which the Company consented, pursuant to which Tokenize sold certain assets relating to proprietary system and method named Avant-Ai,
which is a text-generation, deep learning self-training model (the System ). 

In consideration of acquiring the System, TREN is
required to issue to the Seller common shares of TREN (the Shares ). The Shares will be restricted per Rule 144
as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Seller agreed to a lock-up period of nine
(9) months following closing (the Lock Up Term ). In the event that TREN is unable to up-list to Nasdaq either through a
business combination or otherwise prior to the expiration of the Lock Up Term, the Seller may request within three (3) business days of
the expiration of the Lock-Up Term, that all transactions contemplated by the APA be unwound. 

In addition, TREN, Seller and GBT entered into a license
agreement regarding the System, granting the Seller and/or GBT a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable license for using
the System to be used in its own development, as in-house tool, where Seller or GBT may not sublicense its rights hereunder to any customer
or client. 

On July 18, 2023 TREN changed its name into: Avant Technologies, Inc and
its ticker symbol on OTC Markets was changed into AVAI. 

On June 4, 2024 Tokenize entered into Security and
Exchange Agreement together with Subscription Agreement with VisionWave Technologies Inc. VW ), where Tokenize invested
 of the Shares for of VW, reducing the holding in the Shares to . 

On July 1, 2024, the Company, GBT Tokenize Corp., together with Igor 1
Corp (the Note Holder ), entered into an agreement to amend the terms of a previously issued convertible note. The amendment
includes the following changes: 

1. Reduction of Outstanding Balance: 

2. Fixed Conversion Price: The conversion feature of the note was amended to establish a fixed conversion price of per share.
This conversion price will remain unaffected by any future corporate actions, including reverse splits, dividends, or other similar actions. 

3. Conversion Limits: 

This transaction reducing the holding in the AVAI
Shares to . 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
marketable security including the investment via VW had a FV of and , respectively. 

MetAlert -prior name GTX Corp 

On April 12, 2022, GBT Tokenize Corp GBT Tokenize ),
a Nevada corporation which the Company owns 50 of the outstanding shares of common stock, entered into a series of agreements with GTX
Corp GTX and various note holders of GTX pursuant to which Tokenize acquired a convertible promissory note of GTX of (the
 GTX Notes ). In addition, GBT Tokenize acquired (GBT acquired in the original deal,
where GTX to perform a corporate action of 1:65 reverse split on September 20, 2022) shares of common stock of GTX for -
in total FV of as of December 31, 2022 based on level 1 stock price in OTC markets. 

The GTX Notes bear 10 interest and 50 of the principal
may be converted into shares of common stock on a one-time basis at a conversion price of per share. The remaining 50 of the
principal must be paid in cash. The closing occurred on April 12, 2022. As of December 31, 2023, the Company wrote off the 50 of the
convertible principal with all unpaid interest in total of due to the collectability issue. 

GTX changed its name into Metalert Inc. on or about
September 20, 2022. 

On September 30, 2022, GBT Tokenize, loaned MetAlert
Inc., a Nevada corporation (f/k/a GTX Corp.) MetAlert . For such loan, MetAlert provided Tokenize a promissory
note of which is due and payable together with interest of 5 upon the earlier of September 19, 2023 or when declared
by Tokenize. As of December 31, 2023, the Company wrote off the entire convertible principal with all unpaid interest in total of 
due to the collectability issue. 

MetAlert designs, manufactures and sells various interrelated
and complementary products and services in the wearable technology and IoMT (Internet of Medical Things) marketplace. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
marketable security had a FV of and , respectively. 

On or about January 31, 2023 GTB Tokenize Corp the
Company s owned subsidiary, assigned from the GTX Notes to Stanley Hills, LLC, which in turn converted said plus
interest into 812,671 GTX shares. Stanley Hills, LLC credit GBT Tokenize for for the transaction, reducing its credit outstanding
balances with the Company and GBT Tokenize Corp. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the notes had an outstanding balance of and accrued interest of , respectively. 

shares of GBT-CR representing 25 of its issued
and outstanding shares of common stock from Gonzalez for the issuance of shares of Series H Convertible Preferred Stock
of the Company and a Convertible Note in the principal amount of issued by the Company (the Gopher Convertible
Note as well as the transfer and assignment of a Promissory 

The Gopher Convertible Note
bears interest of 6 and is payable at maturity on December 31, 2021. At the election of Gonzalez, the Gopher Convertible Note
can be converted into a maximum of 20,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred Stock is convertible, at
the option of the holder but subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares of common stock, into such number of shares of common
stock of the Company as determined by dividing the Stated Value 500 per share) by the conversion price 500 per share). The
Series H Preferred Stock has no liquidation preference, does not pay dividends and the holder of Series H Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to one vote for each share of common stock that the Series H Preferred Stock may be convertible into. Upon conversion of the Gopher
Convertible Note and the 20,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock, Gonzalez would be entitled to less than 50 of the resulting outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company following conversion in full and, as a result, such transaction is not considered a change of control. 

On May 19, 2021, the Company
entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement and Irrevocable Assignment of Note Balance Principal and Accrued Interest (the
 Gonzalez Agreement with third party, GBT-CR, IGOR 1 Corp and Gonzalez. Pursuant to the Gonzalez Agreement, without any
party admission of liability and to avoid litigation, the parties had agreed to (i) extend the GBT Convertible Note maturity date to December
31,2022, (ii) amend the GBT Convertible Note terms to include a beneficial ownership blocker of 4.99 and a modified conversion feature
to the GBT Convertible Note with 15 discount to the market price during the 20 trading day period ending on the latest complete trading
day prior to the conversion date and (iii) provided for an assignment of the GBT Convertible Note by Gonzalez to a third party. 

GBT-CR is in the business of the strategic management
of BPO (Business Process Outsourcing) digital communications processing for enterprises and startups, distributed ledger technology development,
AI development and fintech software development and applications. 

The Company accounted for its investment in GBT-CR
using the equity method of accounting; however, in 2020, the Company owned less than 20 after GBT-CR issued additional shares to other
investors therefore exercised no control over GBT-CR; therefore, this investment is currently accounted for under the cost method. Moreover,
on March 19, 2020, California Governor Gavin Newsom issued a stay-at-home order to protect the health and well-being of all Californians
and to establish consistency across the state in order to slow the spread of COVID-19. California was therefore under strict quarantine
control and travel has been severely restricted, resulting in disruptions to work, communications, and access to files (due to limited
access to facilities). The stay-at-home order was lifted in California only on January 25, 2021. The Company was unable to access or to
contact GBT-CR on an on-going basis, and cannot get information about GBT-CR. 

Investment in Joint Venture GBT Tokenize Corp 

On March 6, 2020, the Company through Greenwich, entered
into a Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Tokenize Agreement with Tokenize-It, S.A. Tokenize ),
which is owned by a Costa Rica Trust represented by Pablo Gonzalez Gonzalez ). Gonzalez also represents Gonzalez Costa Rica
Trust, which holds a note in the principal amount of 10,000,000 and is also a shareholder of the Company. Under the Tokenize Agreement,
the parties formed GBT Tokenize Corp., a Nevada corporation GBT Tokenize ). The purpose of GBT Tokenize is to develop, maintain
and support source codes for its proprietary technologies including advanced mobile chip technologies, tracking, radio technologies, AI
core engine, electronic design automation, mesh, games, data storage, networking, IT services, business process outsourcing development
services, customer service, technical support and quality assurance for business, customizable and dedicated inbound and outbound calls
solutions, as well as digital communications processing for enterprises and startups Technology Portfolio ), throughout
the State of California. Upon generating any revenue from the Technology Portfolio, the Joint Venture will earn the first right of refusal
for other territories. The Company pledged its 50 ownership in GBT Tokenize and its 100 ownership of Greenwich to Tokenize to secure
its Technology Portfolio investment. The Company shall appoint two directors and Tokenize shall appoint one director of GBT Tokenize.
Tokenize shall contribute the services and resources for the development of the Technology Portfolio to GBT Tokenize. The Company shall
contribute 2,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company GBT Shares to GBT Tokenize. Tokenize and the Company will each
own 50 of GBT Tokenize. The shares were valued at . 

In addition, GBT Tokenize and Gonzalez entered into
a Consulting Agreement in which Gonzalez is engaged to provide services for per month payable quarterly which may be paid in shares
of common stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the Company s 10-day VWAP. Gonzalez will provide services in connection
with the development of the business as well as GBT Tokenize s capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement is
two years. During year ended December 31, 2021, Gonzalez assigned all his accrued balances of to Stanley Hills in a private transaction
that the Company is not part to. The closing of the Tokenize Agreement occurred on March 9, 2020. 

Through this Joint Venture the parties commenced development
of an intelligent human vital signs device, which we currently refer to as the qTerm. The platform is an expansion of the existing
license agreement with GBT Tokenize Corp., which provided GBT Tokenize Corp. with an exclusive territory of California to develop certain
of the Company s technology. As the nature of the platform cannot be restricted only to California, the Company s joint venture
GBT Tokenize Corp. will be compensated with additional two hundred million shares of the Company to strengthen its funding, subject to
board approval. A provisional patent application for the term Medical Device was filed on March 30, 2020 with the USPTO. The application
has been assigned serial number 63001564. The Joint Venture completed successfully the first prototype. There is no guarantee that the
Company will be successful in researching, developing or implementing this product into the market. In order to successfully implement
this concept, the Company will need to raise adequate capital to support its research and, if successfully researched, developed and granted
regulatory approval, the Company would need to enter into a strategic relationship with a third party that has experience in manufacturing,
selling and distributing this product. There is no guarantee that the Company will be successful in any or all of these critical steps.
On May 28, 2021, the parties agreed to amend the Tokenize Agreement to expand territory granted for the Technology Portfolio under the
license to GBT Tokenize to include the entire continental United States. The Company has further agreed to issue GBT Tokenize an additional
 shares of common stock of the Company. The shares were valued at . At March 31, 2020, the Company evaluated the
carrying amount of this joint venture investment and determined that this investment was fully impaired and as a result an impairment
charge of was taken. At December 31, 2021, the Company evaluated the carrying amount of this joint venture investment and determined
that this investment was fully impaired and as a result an impairment charge of was taken. 

On July 20, 2023, the Company through its wholly owned
inactive subsidiary, Greenwich International Holdings, a Costa Rica corporation Greenwich ), entered into an Amended and
Restated Joint Venture (the 2023 Tokenize Agreement with Magic Internacional Argentina FC, S.L. Magic and
GBT Tokenize Corp GBT Tokenize ). 

The 2023 Tokenize Agreement restated and replaced
the 2022 Tokenize Agreement. Pursuant to the 2023 Tokenize Agreement, as a result of the contribution of the Technology Portfolio by Tokenize
and the subsequent contribution of services for the development of the Technology Portfolio by Tokenize and Magic, GBT Tokenize has been
able to continue in operation, which has benefited the Company despite its contribution of million shares of common stock valued at
approximately . In order to maintain its 50 ownership interest in GBT Tokenize, the Company agreed to contribute its portfolio
of intellectual property to GBT Tokenize and issue to GBT Tokenize shares of Series I Preferred Stock (the Series I Stock with a stated value of per share which is convertible into common stock of the Company by dividing the stated value by the conversion
price of , which, if converted in full would result in the issuance of billion shares of common stock of the Company. Further,
the Series I Stock will vote on an as converted basis. 

The Company pledged its 50 ownership in GBT Tokenize
and its ownership of Greenwich to Magic to secure its Technology Portfolio investment. 

Effective as of March 20,
2024, Tokeniz, entered into a Patent Purchase Agreement with VisionWave Technologies Inc. VisionWave pursuant to which
VisionWave agreed to acquire from Tokenize the entire right, title, and interest of certain patents and patent applications providing
an intellectual property basis for a machine learning driven technology that controls radio wave transmissions, analyzes their reflections
data, and constructs 2D/3D images of stationary and in motion objects VisionWave PPA ). The
Purchase Price for the asset is (the Purchase Price ), which VisionWave will pay with shares of common stock,
 0.0001 par value per share (the Common Stock ). The Parties agree that the final Purchase Price may be adjusted and will
be governed by a valuation report issued by a professional third party Valuation ). If the final Purchase Price per Valuation
is less than , Tokenize has the option to cancel this Agreement. In accordance therewith, VisionWave agreed to issue and deliver
to Tokenize, 1,000 shares of Common Stock (the Shares representing 50 of VisionWave s issued and outstanding shares
of Common Stock, where the remainder of the 50 of VisionWave s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are owned by a corporation
controlled by Stanley Hills, LLC. Effective June 4, 2024 Tokenize been issued additional 222 from VisionWave for consideration of 10 million
AVAI shares that been vested under VisionWave. 

Although the investment was impaired, the product
development is still ongoing. The carrying amount of this investment at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was and , respectively. 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Total 

Accounts payable consisted of approximately k
aged outstanding balances due to two vendors over 2 years. 

The decrease in accrued liabilities was due to the
reclassification of k to other payable RP. 

Accrued expenses consisted of approximately million
accrued settlement to one of the previous vendors over 2 years. Refer to note 15 legal proceedings. 

Accrued interest - RP 

Other payables - RP 

Total 

Accounts payable related parties consisted
of approximately k aged outstanding balances due to two major related parties for business purpose over 2 years. 

Accrued interest related parties consisted
of unpaid interest from related parties note payable as of September 30, 2024. 

Other payables consisted of approximately million
advanced payments from one of the related parties for business purposes. 

Convertible notes payable to 1800 

Convertible notes payable to Glen 

Total convertible notes payable, non-related parties 

Unamortized debt discount 

Convertible notes payable nonrelated parties 

Less current portion 

Convertible notes payable nonrelated parties, long-term portion 

10,000,000 for GBT Technologies S. A. acquisition 

In accordance with the acquisition
of GBT-CR the Company issued a convertible note in the principal amount of . The convertible note bears interest of and
is payable at maturity on . At the election of the holder, the convertible note can be converted into a maximum
of shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder
but subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares of common stock, into such number of shares of common stock of the Company
as determined by dividing the Stated Value 500 per share) by the conversion price per share). This convertible note may convert
into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the lowest trading price with a 20-day lookback
immediately preceding the date of conversion and therefore recorded as derivative liability. 

On May 19, 2021, the Company,
Gonzalez, GBT-CR and IGOR 1 Corp entered into a Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement and Irrevocable Assignment of outstanding balance
plus accrued interest (the Gonzalez Agreement ). Pursuant to the Gonzalez Agreement, without any party admission of liability
and to avoid litigation, the parties had agreed to (i) extend the GBT convertible note maturity date to , (ii) amend
the GBT convertible note terms to include a beneficial ownership blocker of 4.99 and a modified conversion feature to the GBT convertible
note with 15 discount to the market price during the 20 trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion
date and (iii) provided for an assignment of the GBT convertible note by Gonzalez to a third party. As a result of the change in terms
of this convertible note, the Company took a charge related to the modification of debt of during the year ended December
31, 2021. This convertible note is recorded as derivative liability because of the discounted price on conversion. 

During the period ended September
30, 2024, 

As detailed in this report,
during the period ended September 30, 2024, 

As of September 30, 2024,
the note had an outstanding balance of and accrued interest of .22. 

Paid Off Notes/Converted
Notes 

1800 Diagonal Lending
LLC 

Convertible Note - On March
1, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Convertible Promissory
Note (the DL Convertible Note of for a purchase price of . The DL Convertible Note had a maturity date of
 and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Convertible Note at the rate of 6.0 
from the date on which the DL Convertible Note is issued until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration
or by prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the DL Convertible Note, provided it makes a payment including
a prepayment to DL as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. 

The outstanding principal
amount of the DL Convertible Note may not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the date the
DL Convertible Note is issued. Following the 180th day, DL may convert the DL Convertible Note into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to of the lowest trading price during the 20-day period preceding the date of conversion. In addition,
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default (as defined in the DL Convertible Note), the DL Convertible Note
shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional
amounts as set forth in the DL Convertible Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with
all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed of the outstanding shares of the
common stock of the Company. 

As of December 31, 2023,
the note had an outstanding balance of and accrued interest of . 

During the period ended September
30, 2024, 1800 Diagonal converted the remaining of the convertible note with all accrued interest into shares of the
Company s common stock. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the note had an outstanding balance of and an interest of . 

Outstanding Notes 

Glen Eagle 

The Company entered into a series of loan arrangements
with Glen Eagles Acquisition LP pursuant to which it received in loans (the Debt from August 2021 up to September
2022. The original funded amount of included convertible feature into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion
price equal to of the lowest trading price during the 20-day period preceding the date of conversion. 

In order to include a convertible feature for the
 which was not covered by convertible feature, on January 24, 2023, the Company issued a consolidated convertible promissory note
to Glen Eagles Acquisition LP in the principal amount of , which include all prior convertible notes with addition of the 
straight note. The convertible promissory note bears interest of and is payable at maturity on . Glen Eagles Acquisition
LP may convert the consolidated convertible Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of
the lowest trading price during the 20-day period preceding the date of conversion. The Company recorded a loss on debt extinguishment
of at the issuance date. 

During the period ended September
30, 2024, Glen Eagle converted of the convertible note into shares of the Company s common stock. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the consolidated convertible note had an outstanding balance of and an accrued interest of . 

1800 Diagonal Lending LLC Convertible Note
 50,580 - On April 24, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, an accredited investor DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Convertible Promissory Note (the DL Note in the aggregate
principal amount of for a purchase price of . The DL Note has a maturity date of and the Company has agreed
to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Note at the rate of six percent (6.0 per annum from the date on which the
DL Note is issued (the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by
prepayment or otherwise. The Company shall have the right to prepay the DL Note, provided it makes a payment including a prepayment to
DL as set forth in the DL Note. 

The outstanding principal amount of the DL Note may
not be converted prior to the period beginning on the date that is 180 days following the Issue Date. Following the 180 th day,
DL may convert the DL Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the lowest
trading price with a 20-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of an Event of Default (as defined in the DL Note), the DL Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to
DL, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the DL Note. In no event shall DL be allowed
to effect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates
would exceed of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the note had an outstanding balance of and an accrued interest of . 

Convertible notes payable related parties at September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023 consist of the following: 

Unamortized debt discount 

Convertible notes payable, net, related party 

Less current portion 

Convertible notes payable, net, related party, long-term portion 

Stanley Hills LLC 

The Company entered into
a series of loan agreements with Stanley Hills LLC Stanley pursuant to which it received more than in loans
(the Debt from May 2019 up to December 2019. On February 26, 2020, in order to induce Stanley to continue to provide funding,
the Company and Stanley entered into a letter agreement providing that the current note payable balance due to Stanley of may
be converted into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to multiplied by the lowest one trading price
for the common stock during the 20-trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. Since the
conversion price will vary based on the Company s stock price, the beneficial conversion feature associated with this note is accounted
for as a derivative liability. Stanley had agreed to restrict its ability to convert the Debt and receive shares of common stock
such that the number of shares of common stock held by it and its affiliates after such conversion or exercise
does not exceed of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Stanley converted
 of its convertible note plus interest into shares of the Company s common stock, and during
the year ended December 31, 2021, Stanley loaned the Company an additional . Also, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company transferred the SURG shares received as repayment of of this convertible note and also converted of accrued
interest into the principal balance. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Gonzalez assigned all his accrued balances of to
Stanley in a private transaction that the Company is not part to (See Note 10). On January 2, 2023, the Company issued a convertible promissory
note to Stanley for its credit balances in the principal amount of . The convertible promissory note bears interest of and
is payable at maturity on . Stanley may convert the consolidated convertible Note into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price equal to of the lowest trading price during the 20-day period preceding the date of conversion.
The Company recorded a gain on debt extinguishment of at the issuance date. 

During the period ended September
30, 2024, Stanley Hills converted of the convertible note into shares of the Company s common stock. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023 the principal balance of Stanley debt was and respectively. The unpaid interest of the Stanley
debt at September30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. 

Discounts on convertible notes 

The Company recognized debt discount of and
 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and year ended December 31, 2023, respectively, related to the amortization of
the debt discount on convertible notes. The unamortized debt discount at September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

A roll-forward of the convertible notes payable from
December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 is below: 

Conversion to common stock 

Repayments 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Convertible notes payable, September 30, 2024, Net 

SBA loan 

Total notes payable 

Unamortized debt discount 

Notes payable 

Less current portion 

Notes payable, long-term portion 

SBA Loan 

On June 22, 2020, the Company received a loan from
the Small Business Administration under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program related to the COVID-19 relief efforts. The loan bears
interest at , requires monthly principal and interest payments of after 12 months from funding and is due years from the
date of issuance. The monthly payments have been extended by the SBA to all EIDL borrowers with additional 12 months. Monthly payments
will be commenced on or around June 16, 2022. On October 1, 2021, the Company entered an Amended Loan Authorization and Agreement with
the SBA providing for the modification of the Original Note providing for monthly principal and interest payments of after 24 months
from the Original Note commencing on or around June 22, 2022. On March 17, 2022 the SBA notified it deferred the payments to
all COVID-19 EIDL loans will have the first payment due extended from 24-months to 30-months from the date of the note. The Modified
Note will continue to bear interest at and is due 30 years from the date of issuance of the Original Note. The Modified Note
is guaranteed by Douglas Davis, the former CEO of the Company and current consultant, as well as by GBT Tokenize Corp. The additional
funding of was received by the Company on October 5, 2021. The current portion of principal balance of the note at September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and plus accrued interest of and , respectively. The noncurrent portion
of principal balance of the note at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. The Company did
not make any payment on the loan and seeking hardship from the SBA for reduce payment which was not yet addressed by the SBA. 

Sixth Street Lending LLC
 named changed - 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 

Straight Note with
Convertible Feature - On March 1, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, an accredited
investor DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Promissory Note (the DL Note of with an
original issue discount of resulting in net proceeds of the Company of . The DL Note had a maturity date of 
and the Company had agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Note at the rate of 12.0 from the date on which
the DL Note is issued. A one-time interest charge of or was applied on the issuance date of the DL Note to the principal amount
owed under the DL Note. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in ten payments of 
resulting in a total payback to DL of . The first payment is due April 15, 2023 with nine subsequent payments each month thereafter.
The Company shall have a five-day grace period with respect to each payment. The Company has right to accelerate payments or prepay in
full at any time with no prepayment penalty. This DL Note shall not be secured by any collateral or any assets of the Company. 

The outstanding principal
amount of the DL Note may not be converted into the Company common shares except in the event of default. In the event of default on the
DL Note, DL may convert the DL Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the lowest trading
price during the 10 day period immediately preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of an event of default (as defined in the DL Note), the DL Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to
DL, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the DL Note. In no event shall DL be allowed
to affect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates
would exceed of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the note has been fully repaid. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the note had an outstanding
balance of and and a one-time interest of and , respectively. 

Straight Note 47,208 - On April 24, 2023,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, an accredited investor DL pursuant
to which the Company issued to DL a Promissory Note (the DL Note in the aggregate principal amount of with an original
issue discount of resulting in net proceeds of the Company of . The DL Note has a maturity date of and the
Company has agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the DL Note at the rate of 12.0 per annum from the date on which
the DL Note is issued (the Issue Date ). A one-time interest charge of or was applied on the Issue Date to the
principal amount owed under the DL Note. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in ten
payments each in the amount of resulting in a total payback to DL of . The first payment is due June 15, 2023 with nine
subsequent payments each month thereafter. The Company shall have a five-day grace period with respect to each payment. The Company has
right to accelerate payments or prepay in full at any time with no prepayment penalty. This DL Note shall not be secured by any collateral
or any assets of the Company. 

The outstanding principal amount of the DL Note may
not be converted into the Company common shares except in the event of default. In the event of default on the DL Note, DL may convert
the DL Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the lowest trading price
with a 10-day look back immediately preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of
an event of default (as defined in the DL Note), the DL Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Company shall pay to DL,
in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, additional amounts as set forth in the DL Note. In no event shall DL be allowed to
affect a conversion if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company common stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates
would exceed of the outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the note has been fully repaid. 

As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the note had an outstanding balance of and and a one-time interest of and , respectively. 

Notes payable, related party at September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023 consist of the following: 

Total notes payable, related party 

Unamortized debt discount 

Notes payable, net, related party 

Less current portion 

Notes payable, net, related party, long-term portion 

Alpha Eda 

On November 15, 2020, the Company issued a promissory
note to Alpha Eda, LLC Alpha ), a related party for 140,000. The note accrues interest at 10 , is unsecured and was
due on September 30, 2021. On March 31, 2023 Alpha and the Company extended the note maturity to December 31, 2023. The balance
of the note at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was and plus accrued interest of and , respectively. 

Total 

In connection with a legal matter filed by the Investor
of the Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Debenture, on December 23, 2019, in the pending arbitration between the Company
and the Investor, an Interim Award was entered in favor of the Investor. On January 31, 2020, the Company was informed that a final award
was entered (the Final Award ). The Final Award affirms that certain sections of the Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible
Debenture (the Debenture constitute unenforceable liquidated damages penalties and were stricken. Further, it was
determined that the Investor was entitled to recovery of their attorney s fees. Consequently, the arbitrator awarded Investor an
award of plus interest of accrued from May 15, 2019 (presented separately in accounts payable and accrued expenses)
and costs of . In connection with this settlement, the Company recognized a gain on the settlement of debt of in
2019 as the difference between the carrying amount of the debt and the amount awarded by the arbitrator. The Company recorded accrued
settlement of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Risk free rate 

Volatility 

Conversion/ Exercise price 

Dividend rate 

The following table represents the Company s
derivative liability activity for the period ended September 30, 2024: 

Issuance of derivative liability during the period 

Fair value of beneficial conversion feature of debt converted 

Change in derivative liability during the period 

Derivative liability balance, September 30, 2024 

The significant decrease in the fair value of derivative
liability was mainly due to the decrease in the stock prices from to from Q4 2023 to Q3 2024, as well as the conversions
during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and the decrease in remaining convertible principal balances lower the derivative liabilities. 

per share (the Common Stock ), of the Company from 2,000,000,000 shares to 10,000,000,000 shares. This action concluded on August 11, 2022. 

(i) authorize the Company s Board of Directors to effect, in its sole discretion, a reverse stock split of the Common Stock in a ratio of up to (the Reverse Stock Split ), and (ii) authorize the filing of an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to implement the Reverse Stock Split and any other action deemed necessary to effectuate the Reverse Stock Split, without further approval or authorization of stockholders, at any time prior to December 31, 2023. This action was not commenced yet by the Company s board. 

On October 12, 2023, the Company amended its articles
of incorporation to increase its authorized shares of common stock to (the Increase Amendment ). The Increase
Amendment was approved by the board of directors as well as the shareholders holding in excess of a majority of the issued and outstanding
voting shares of the Company. 

During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company
had the following transactions in its common stock: 

Of shares issued for the conversion of convertible notes of and accrued interest of . 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Series B Preferred Shares 

The Series B Preferred Stock has a stated value of
 100 per share and is convertible into the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share representing 30 posts split
common shares. Furthermore, the Series B Preferred Stock votes on an as converted basis and carries standard anti-dilution rights. These
rights were subsequently removed, except in cases of stock dividends or splits. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were Series B Preferred Shares outstanding. 

Series C Preferred Shares 

Each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible,
at the option of GV, into such number of shares of common stock of the Company as determined by dividing the Stated Value (as defined
below) by the Conversion Price (as defined below). The Conversion Price for each share is equal to a 50 discount to the average of the
lowest three lowest closing bid prices of the Company s common stock during the 10-day trading period prior to the conversion with
a minimum conversion price of 0.02. The stated value is 11 per share (the Stated Value ). The Series C Preferred Stock
has no liquidation preference, does not pay dividends and the holder of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each
share of common stock that the Series C Preferred Stock shall be convertible into. GV has contractually agreed to restrict its ability
to convert the Series C Preferred Stock and receive shares of the Company s common stock such that the number of shares of the Company s
common stock held by it and its affiliates after such conversion does not exceed 4.9 of the then issued and outstanding shares of the
Company s common stock. 

The issuance of the Series C Preferred Stock was made
in reliance upon exemptions from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 506 promulgated under
Regulation D thereunder. GV is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, GV owns
 Series C Preferred Shares, respectively. 

Series H Preferred Shares 

On June 17, 2019, the Company, AltCorp Trading LLC,
a Costa Rica company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company AltCorp ), GBT Technologies, S.A., a Costa Rica company GBT-CR and Pablo Gonzalez, a shareholder s representative of GBT-CR Gonzalez ), entered into and closed
an Exchange Agreement (the GBT Exchange Agreement pursuant to which the parties exchanged certain securities. In accordance
with the Exchange Agreement, AltCorp acquired shares of GBT-CR representing 25 of its issued and outstanding shares of common
stock from Gonzalez for the issuance of shares of Series H Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company and a Convertible Note of
 issued by the Company (the Gopher Convertible Note as well as additional consideration. The Gopher Convertible
Note bears interest of 6 and is payable at maturity on . At the election of Gonzalez, the Gopher Convertible Note can
be converted into a maximum of 20,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock. Each share of Series H Preferred Stock is convertible, at the
option of the holder but subject to the Company increasing its authorized shares of common stock, into such number of shares of common
stock of the Company as determined by dividing the Stated Value per share) by the conversion price 10 per share). The Series H
Preferred Stock has no liquidation preference, does not pay dividends and the holder of Series H Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
one vote for each share of common stock that the Series H Preferred Stock may be convertible into. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
are shares of Series H Preferred Shares outstanding, respectively. 

Series I Preferred Shares 

On July 20, 2023, the Company
through its wholly owned subsidiary, Greenwich International Holdings, a Costa Rica corporation Greenwich ), entered into
an Amended and Restated Joint Venture (the 2023 Tokenize Agreement with Magic and GBT Tokenize. The 2023 Tokenize Agreement
restated and replaced the 2022 Tokenize Agreement. Pursuant to the 2023 Tokenize Agreement, as a result of the contribution of the Technology
Portfolio by Tokenize and the subsequent contribution of services for the development of the Technology Portfolio by Tokenize and Magic,
GBT Tokenize has been able to continue in operation, which has benefited the Company despite its contribution of 166 million shares of
common stock valued at approximately 50,000. 

In order to maintain its
50 ownership interest in GBT Tokenize, the Company agreed to contribute its portfolio of intellectual property to GBT Tokenize and issue
to GBT Tokenize shares of Series I Preferred Stock (the Series I Stock with a stated value of per share which
is convertible into common stock of the Company by dividing the stated value by the conversion price of , which, if converted in
full would result in the issuance of 10 billion shares of common stock of the Company. Further, the Series I Stock will vote on an as
converted basis. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
are shares of Series I Preferred Shares outstanding, respectively. 

Treasury Shares 

On April 25, 2011, the Company issued a press release
announcing that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program. Under the program, the Company is authorized to purchase up
to 200-post-split (1,000,000 pre-split) of its shares of common stock in open market transactions at the discretion of management. All
stock repurchases will be subject to the requirements of Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and other rules
that govern such purchases. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
Company has treasury stock on a cost basis of , respectively. 

Shares T o B e C ancelled 

As of December 31, 2013, the Company had repurchased
8-post-split shares (38,000 pre-split) shares of its common shares in the open market, which were returned to treasury. On December 31,
2014, the Company returned 40,000 post-split shares (200,000,000 pre-split shares) to the Company in connection with the dissolution of
the licensing agreement with Micrologic. 

During the first quarter of 2015, the Company s
counsel, who had previously been issued 32,000 shares as compensation, returned those shares to the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
Company has shares to be cancelled on a cost basis of , respectively. 

Warrants 

The following is a summary of warrant activity. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Exercised 

Outstanding, September 30, 2024 

Exercisable, September 30, 2024 

of GBT BitSpeed. The Company shall appoint two directors and BitSpeed shall appoint one director
of GBT BitSpeed. In addition, GBT BitSpeed and Mr. Davis entered into a Consulting Agreement in which Mr. Davis is engaged to provide
services for per month payable quarterly which may be paid in shares of common stock calculated by the amount owed divided by
the Company s 20-day VWAP. Mr. Davis will provide services in connection with the development of the business as well as GBT BitSpeed s
capital raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement was two years. The closing of the BitSpeed Agreement occurred on October
14, 2019. On March 31, 2023 Doug Davis gave notice to the Company of termination of the consulting agreement dated October 10, 2019. 

On July 20, 2023, the Company through its wholly owned
subsidiary, Greenwich International Holdings, a Costa Rica corporation Greenwich ), entered into an Amended and Restated
Joint Venture (the 2023 Tokenize Agreement with Magic Internacional Argentina FC, S.L. Magic and GBT Tokenize
Corp GBT Tokenize ). On March 6, 2020, the Company through Greenwich entered into a Joint Venture and Territorial License
Agreement (the 2020 Tokenize Agreement with Tokenize-It, S.A. Tokenize ). Under the 2020 Tokenize Agreement,
the parties formed GBT Tokenize and Tokenize contributed its technology portfolio as described in the 2020 Tokenize Agreement with each
Tokenize and the Company owning of GBT Tokenize. The purpose of GBT Tokenize is to develop, maintain and support source codes for
its proprietary technologies including advanced mobile chip technologies, tracking, radio technologies, AI core engine, electronic design
automation, mesh, games, data storage, networking, IT services, business process outsourcing development services, customer service, technical
support and quality assurance for business, customizable and dedicated inbound and outbound calls solutions, as well as digital communications
processing for enterprises and start-ups Technology Portfolio ). 

In addition to the Technology Portfolio, Tokenize
contributed the services and resources for the development of the Technology Portfolio to GBT Tokenize. The Company contributed 
shares of common stock. On May 28, 2021, the parties agreed to amend the 2020 Tokenize Agreement to expand the territory granted for the
Technology Portfolio under the license to GBT Tokenize to include the entire continental United States. The Company issued GBT Tokenize
an additional shares of common stock. On June 30, 2021, Tokenize and its shareholder assigned all their rights under the 2020
Tokenize Agreement, including the Company s pledged ownership in GBT Tokenize to Magic. On April 11, 2022, the Company, through
Greenwich, entered into a Master Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the 2022 Tokenize Agreement with Magic
and Tokenize which replaced the 2020 Tokenize Agreement. The Company issued GBT Tokenize an additional shares of common stock
of the Company. GBT Tokenize has developed a vital device based on the Technology Portfolio that is ready for commercialization, as well
as certain derivative technologies, which positioned GBT Tokenize to further develop or license certain code sources. On April 3, 2023,
GBT Tokenize entered its first commercial transaction to date through the sale of the Avant-AI! technology that been developed by GBT
Tokenize, based on the Technology Portfolio pursuant to which GBT Tokenize received shares of common stock of Buyer s
shares Avant Technologies, Inc. The 2023 Tokenize Agreement restated and replaced the 2022 Tokenize Agreement. Pursuant to the
2023 Tokenize Agreement, as a result of the contribution of the Technology Portfolio by Tokenize and the subsequent contribution of services
for the development of the Technology Portfolio by Tokenize and Magic, GBT Tokenize has been able to continue in operation, which has
benefited the Company despite its contribution of million shares of common stock valued at approximately . In order to maintain
its ownership interest in GBT Tokenize, the Company agreed to contribute its portfolio of intellectual property to GBT Tokenize and
issue to GBT Tokenize shares of Series I Preferred Stock (the Series I Stock with a stated value of per share
which is convertible into common stock of the Company by dividing the stated value by the conversion price of , which, if converted
in full would result in the issuance of 10 billion shares of common stock of the Company. Further, the Series I Stock will vote on an
as converted basis. The Company pledged its 50 ownership in GBT Tokenize and its 100 ownership of Greenwich to Magic to secure its Technology
Portfolio investment. 

Yello Partners Inc. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
Company has owed to Yello Partners, Inc., a Company owned by the CEO, respectively. 

Stanley Hills LLC Accounts
Payable 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the
Company has recorded an outstanding payable balance to Stanley amounted and , respectively, recorded under accrued
expenses. 

TTSG 

On or about July 9, 2021 the Company filed a lawsuit
in District Court in Clack County Nevada Department 19 (Case number A-21-837631-C) against Terry Taylor and TTSG Holdings, Inc
for breach of contract, breach of covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing, Unjust Enrichment and declaratory relief for failure of providing
consulting services per contract they entered. The Company is demanding the return of 240,000 shares issued, return of the 5,000 payments,
recission of the consulting agreement, and attorney s fees and costs. As Terry Taylor and TTSG Holdings failed to appear to a notice
of deposition, the Company filed for a summary judgment. On January 20, 2023 the court issued a 708,821 writ of execution against Terry
Taylor and TTSG. Despite all efforts the Company was not able to collect on these judgments. 

which is nonrefundable. The Company recognized
the as revenue during the years ended December 31, 2018. Upon GBT-CR making available for sale (the Commercial Event an ICO (Initial Coin Offering) (the Coin ), GBT-CR will make a payment to the Company of . Further, upon the Commercial
Event, GBT-CR will grant the Company the ability to acquire 30 of the Coin at a 30 discount of such offering price of the Coin. The
GBT License Agreement commenced as of the signing date and, unless terminated in accordance with the termination provisions of the GBT
License Agreement, shall remain in force until the expiration of the patent pertaining to the Digital Currency Technology; provided that
the right to use trade secrets shall survive the expiration of the GBT License Agreement provided the Company has not terminated. Prior
to the signing of the GBT License Agreement, GBT-CR advanced to the Company, which the parties have agreed will be applied
toward the fee when it becomes due. On February 27, 2020 GBT Technologies, S.A., as successor in interest to Hermes Roll, LLC
had notified the Company that it was in default on its Amended and Restated Territorial License Agreement ARTLA dated
June 15, 2015 and that the ARTLA had been cancelled and rescinded. 

Stock Loan Receivable 

On January 8, 2019, the Company
entered into a Stock Pledge Agreement with Latin American Exchange Latinex Casa de Cambio, S.A., a Costa Rica corporation Latinex ),
to provide that Latinex may maintain its required regulatory capital as required by various regulators. The Company pledged restricted
shares of its common stock valued at (based on the closing price on the grant date) for three years for an annual payment
of paid in quarterly installments of . In lieu of cash payment, Latinex may pay the Company in virtual currency of
WISE Network S.A. valued at a 50 discount of its offering price of 10 per token. In the event that Latinex s required capital
has decreased below 5,000,000, Latinex is permitted to sell the pledged shares of common stock only in an amount to ensure that Latinex
can satisfy the required capital levels. The Company must consent to such sale of the shares of common stock, which may not be unreasonably
withheld. Upon expiration of the agreement, the remaining shares of common stock shall be returned to the Company free and clear of all
liens. The Company recorded the value of these shares of common stock as a stock loan receivable which is presented as a contra-equity
account in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2019, the Company wrote off the accrued interest income as Latinex
did not perform any payment and the Company has no mean to enforce this payment. Latinex agreed in principle to return the pledged 
restricted shares to the Company for cancellation. The restricted shares have not yet been returned to the Company as
of September 30, 2024. 

Metaverse Agreements 

On June 10, 2022, the Company, entered into a Joint
Venture and Territorial License Agreement (the Metaverse Agreement with Ildar Gainulin and Maria Belova (collectively,
the Licensor ). Under the Metaverse Agreement, the parties formed Metaverse Kit Corp., a Nevada corporation Metaverse
Kit ). The purpose of Metaverse Kit was to develop, maintain and support source codes for its proprietary technologies and comprehensive
platform that combines a core virtual reality platform and an extended set of real-world functions to provide a metaverse experience initially
within the area of sports and then expanding into virtual worlds of entertainment, live events, gaming, communications and other cross
over product opportunities (the Meta Portfolio ). Under the Metaverse Agreement, Licensor agreed to provide Metaverse Kit
with the licensed technology and expertise. In connection therewith, the parties entered an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Metaverse
APA concurrently with the Metaverse Agreement whereby Licensor sold Metaverse Kit all source codes pertaining to the Meta Portfolio.
Further, Licensor provided an exclusive license to Metaverse Kit throughout the world for the invented product/service and the related
platforms relating to the Meta Portfolio and to use the know how to develop, manufacture, sell, market and distribute the Meta Portfolio
throughout the world. The Company was required to contribute shares of common stock of the Company GBT Shares to Metaverse Kit. Licensor and the Company were to each own 50 of Metaverse Kit. The Company pledged its ownership in Metaverse Kit
to Igor 1 Corp. to secure a convertible note held by Igor 1 Corp. The Company was to appoint two directors and Licensor was allowed to
appoint one director of Metaverse Kit. In addition, Metaverse Kit, Licensor and Elentina Group, LLC Elentina entered into
a Consulting Agreements in which IGBM and Elentina, each were engaged to provide services for per month payable quarterly which
Metaverse Kit has the option to pay in shares of common stock calculated by the amount owed divided by the Company s 10-day VWAP.
Licensor and Elentina were to provide services in connection with the development of the business as well as Metaverse Kit s capital
raising efforts. The term of the Consulting Agreement was two years. 

The closing of the Metaverse
Agreement occurred on June 13, 2022. 

On March 14, 2023, the Company
received a counter signed Settlement Agreement and Release by Licensor dated March 2, 2023 Settlement Agreement ). Pursuant
to the Settlement Agreement, the parties agreed that Metaverse Agreement, the Metaverse APA and the Consulting Agreement are void and
cancelled. Licensor agreed to pay to the Company as settlement payment and surrender their shares in Metaverse Kit. 

On February 1, 2023, the
Company engaged AlKhatib Consulting Group to provide exclusive representation services in connect with managing market partners, effective
on February 1, 2023 for 24 consecutive months till 2025. 

Assets Sale - TREN 

On April 3, 2023, GBT Tokenize Corp. Seller ),
a subsidiary that is owned by the Company, entered into an agreement to sell certain assets relating to a proprietary system and method
named Avant-Ai to TREN. Avant-Ai is a text-generation, deep learning self-training model. In exchange for the assets, TREN is required
to issue common shares Shares to Seller. 

On July 18, 2023, TREN changed its name to Avant Technologies,
Inc. and its ticker symbol on OTC Markets was changed to AVAI. 

Potential IP s Sale 

Effective as of March 20,
2024, Tokeniz, entered into a Patent Purchase Agreement with VisionWave Technologies Inc. VisionWave pursuant to which
VisionWave agreed to acquire from Tokenize the entire right, title, and interest of certain patents and patent applications providing
an intellectual property basis for a machine learning driven technology that controls radio wave transmissions, analyzes their reflections
data, and constructs 2D/3D images of stationary and in motion objects VisionWave PPA ). 

The Purchase Price for the asset is
 (the Purchase Price ), which VisionWave will pay with shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share (the
 Common Stock ). The Parties agree that the final Purchase Price may be adjusted and will be governed by a valuation report
issued by a professional third party Valuation ). If the final Purchase Price per Valuation is less than , Tokenize
has the option to cancel this Agreement. In accordance therewith, VisionWave agreed to issue and deliver to Tokenize, 1,000 shares of
Common Stock (the Shares representing 50 of VisionWave s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, where the
remainder of the 50 of VisionWave s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are owned by a corporation controlled by Stanley
Hills. Effective June 4, 2024 Tokenize been issued additional 222 shares from VisionWave for consideration of 10 million AVAI shares that
been vested under VisionWave name. 

On March
26, 2024, Bannix Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation Bannix ), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the
 Original Agreement ), by and among Bannix, VisionWave Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation Target and
the shareholders of Target. 

On September 6, 2024, Bannix
entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Bannix, VisionWave Holdings,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Bannix VisionWave Holdings ), BNIX Merger Sub, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave Holdings Parent Merger Sub ), BNIX VW Merger
Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave, and Target. The Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of Bannix, VisionWave Holdings, Parent Merger Sub, Company Merger
Sub, and Target. 

The Mergers 

Pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, (a) Parent Merger Sub will merge with and into Bannix, with Bannix continuing as
the surviving entity (the Parent Merger ), as a result of which, (i) Bannix will become a wholly owned subsidiary of
VisionWave Holdings, and (ii) each issued and outstanding security of Bannix immediately prior to the effective time of the Parent
Merger (the Parent Merger Effective Time (other than shares of Bannix Common Stock that have been redeemed or are owned
by Bannix or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries as treasury shares and any Dissenting Parent Shares) shall no longer be outstanding
and shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for the issuance to the holder thereof of a substantially equivalent security of VisionWave
Holdings (other than the Parent Rights, which shall be automatically converted into shares of VisionWave Holdings), and, (b) immediately
following the consummation of the Parent Merger but on the same day, Company Merger Sub will merge with and into Target, with Target continuing
as the surviving entity (the Company Merger and, together with the Parent Merger, the Mergers ), as a result
of which, (i) Target will become a wholly owned subsidiary of VisionWave Holdings, and (ii) each issued and outstanding security
of Target immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger (the Company Merger Effective Time (other than
any Cancelled Shares or Dissenting Shares) shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for the issuance
to the holder thereof of a substantially equivalent security of VisionWave Holdings. The Mergers and the other transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. 

Subject to a six month extension
the termination date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from September 14, 2024, the date that is 36 months from
the closing date of the Company s initial public offering of units, to March 14, 2025, the Business Combination is expected to close
in the first quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions, including the satisfaction of the minimum available cash condition,
the receipt of certain governmental approvals and the required approval by the stockholders of Bannix and Target. 

Consideration 

Pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the Parent Merger Effective Time, (a) each share of Bannix common stock, par value
 0.001 per share Bannix Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Parent Merger Effective Time that has not been
redeemed, is not owned by Bannix or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries as treasury shares and is not a Dissenting Parent Share
will automatically convert into one share of common stock, par value 0.001, of VisionWave Holdings (each, a share of VisionWave
Holdings Common Stock ), (b) each Bannix Warrant shall automatically convert into one warrant to purchase shares of VisionWave Holdings
Common Stock (each, a VisionWave Holdings Warrant on substantially the same terms and conditions; and (c) each Bannix Right
will be automatically converted into the number of shares of VisionWave Holdings Common Stock that would have been received by the holder
of such Bannix Right if it had been converted upon the consummation of a business combination in accordance with Bannix s organizational
documents. 

In accordance with the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the Company Merger Effective Time, (a) each share of issued and outstanding
Target common stock, par value Target Common Stock ), shall be cancelled and converted into shares of VisionWave
Holdings Common Stock. 

Subject of closing
the transaction, the Company and Tokenize holdings will exchange their holdings in VW for about new shares of VisionWave Holdings,
represent about 20.47 of VisionWave Holdings post-closing. 

Service Agreement 

On February 24, 2023, the Company entered into a service
agreement with Pacific Capital Markets LLC, where Shares issued to it for certain for service agreement between
Pacific Capital Markets LLC. and the Company. The value of the shares of was determined based on the stock price of the Company s
common stock at grant date of per share. 

Representation Agreement 

On August 17, 2023, Tokenize, which is owned of
the Company, which provided its consent, entered into a Representation Agreement (the RA with IDL Concepts, LLC (the Agent , to represent Tokenize in a potential purchase transaction facilitated by the Agent transferring all of Tokenize s right, title,
and interest in certain Assigned Patent Rights, as defined in the RA, free and clear of any restrictions, liens, claims, and encumbrances,
and may include rights to technology and software developed by Tokenize. Tokenize owns certain provisional patent applications, patent
applications, patents, and/or related foreign patents and applications, and wishes potentially to sell all right, title, and interest
in such patents and applications and the causes of action to sue for infringement thereof and other enforcement rights. Tokenize will
pay Agent a commission of 20 of any proceeds of any closed transaction under this RA, including all cash, equity payments and any other
form of consideration upon a sale, or any monetization activity under the RA. The RA carved out certain intellectual properties held by
Tokenize that Tokenize is in active negotiation with third parties. 

and has a working capital deficit of as of September 30, 2024, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern as the Company does not have sufficient funds to discharge its current liabilities. 

34 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements( CFS and related notes included elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical
information, this discussion includes forward-looking information that involves risks and assumptions, which could cause actual results
to differ materially from management s expectations. See Forward-Looking Statements included in this report. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking
statements, including without limitation, statements related to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy
of resources. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties including without limitation
the following: (i) our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at our discretion;
(ii) our plans and results of operations will be affected by our ability to manage growth; and (iii) other risks and uncertainties indicated
from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as may, will, should, could, 
 expects, plans, intends, anticipates, 
 believes, estimates, predicts, potential, 
or continue or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements.
Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such statements. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We are under no duty to update
any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Report. 

This section of the report should be read together
with Footnotes of the Company audited financials for the year ended December 31, 2023, the unaudited statements of operations for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are compared in the sections below. 

General Overview 

Organization and Line of Business 

GBT Technologies Inc. (the Company ,
 GBT , or GTCH was incorporated on July 22, 2009 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company is targeting
growing markets such as development of Internet of Things (IoT) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) enabled networking and tracking technologies,
including wireless mesh network technology platform and fixed solutions, development of an intelligent human body vitals device, asset-tracking
IoT, and wireless mesh networks. The Company derived revenues from (i) the provision of IT consulting services; and (ii) from the
licensing of its technology. (ii) from selling electronic products through e-commerce platforms (until the period June 30, 2023 as then
this operation was terminated on July 1, 2023.) 

On February 18, 2022, the Company, effective March
1, 2022 entered into a Revenue Sharing Agreement RSA with Mahaser LTD. Mahaser pursuant to which the Company
shares revenues generated by Mahaser with respect to e-commerce sales through the online retail platform in the United States of America.
Effective July 1, 2023, the Company terminated its RSA with Mahaser. 

On July 20, 2023, the Company
through its wholly owned subsidiary, Greenwich International Holdings, a Costa Rica corporation Greenwich ), entered into
an Amended and Restated Joint Venture (the 2023 Tokenize Agreement with Magic Internacional Argentina FC, S.L. Magic and GBT Tokenize Corp GBT Tokenize ). GBT Tokenize has developed a vital device based on the Technology Portfolio that is
ready for commercialization, as well as certain derivative technologies, which positioned GBT Tokenize to further develop or license certain
code sources. On April 3, 2023, GBT Tokenize entered its first commercial transaction to date through the sale of Avant-AI! technology
that has been developed by GBT Tokenize, based on the Technology Portfolio. Effective as of March 20, 2024, Tokeniz, entered into a Patent
Purchase Agreement with VisionWave Technologies Inc. VisionWave pursuant to which VisionWave agreed to acquire from Tokenize
the entire right, title, and interest of certain patents and patent applications providing an intellectual property basis for a machine
learning driven technology that controls radio wave transmissions, analyzes their reflections data, and constructs 2D/3D images of stationary
and in motion objects VisionWave PPA ). 

35 

The unaudited condensed financial statements CFS are prepared by the Company, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. The information furnished herein reflects all adjustments,
consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which in the opinion of management, are necessary to fairly state the Company s
financial position, the results of its operations, and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Results of Operations: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

A comparison of the statements of operations for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

Operating expenses 
 198,607 
 317,419 
 (118,812 
 -37 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (198,607 
 (317,419 
 118,812 
 -37 
 
 Other income (expenses) 
 6,474,701 
 283,435 
 6,191,266 
 -204 
 
 Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 
 6,276,094 
 (33,984 
 6,310,078 
 -18568 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

Gain/(Loss) from discontinued operations 
 
 (38,385 
 38,385 
 -100 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 14,501,569 
 (15,579,460 
 30,081,029 
 -193 

Operating expenses for the three months ended September
30, 2024 were 198,607, compared to 317,419for the same period in 2023. The decrease of 118,812or -37 was principally due to the Company
had limited cash flows to expand the business. 

Other income (expense) for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 was 6,474,701, an increase of 6,191,266or 204 from loss of ((283,435) for the same period in 2023. The change is
principally due to an increase of gain on the change in FV of derivative liability of 4,004,405, increase of gain on debt settlement
of 2,658,977, decrease in financing cost of 175,962. 

Net income (loss) for the three months ended September
30, 2024 was 14,501,569 compared to (15,579,460) for the same period in 2023 due to the factors described above. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

A comparison of the statements of operations for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 

Operating expenses 
 533,315 
 1,087,505 
 (554,190 
 -51 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (533,315 
 (1,087,505 
 554,190 
 -51 
 
 Other income (expenses) 
 15,034,884 
 (14,453,570 
 29,488,454 
 -204 
 
 Income (Loss) before provision for income taxes 
 14,501,569 
 (15,541,075 
 30,042,644 
 -193 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

Gain/(Loss) from discontinued operations 
 
 (38,385 
 38,385 
 -100 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 14,501,569 
 (15,579,460 
 30,081,029 
 -193 

Operating expenses for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 were 533,315, compared to 1,087,505for the same period in 2023. The decrease of 554,190 or -51 was principally due to the
Company had limited cash flows to expand the business. 

Other income (expense) for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 was 15,034,884, an increase of 29,488,454 or 204 from loss of (14,453,570) for the same period in 2023. The change is principally
due to an increase of gain on the change in FV of derivative liability of 12,755,202, decrease in interest expense of 322,560, and increase
of gain on debt settlement of 2,658,977. 

36 

Net income (loss) for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 was 14,501,569compared to (15,579,460) for the same period in 2023 due to the factors described above 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Going Concern 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has an accumulated
deficit of 301,481,439 and has a working capital deficit of 16,029,247as of September 30, 2024, which raises substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or obtain the necessary financing to meet its
obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. Management has plans to seek additional
capital through some private placement offerings of debt and equity securities. These plans, if successful, will mitigate the factors
which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification
of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 

Our cash and cash equivalent were 1,505 and 529
at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Cash provided by (used in) operating activities during the period ended September
30, 2024 was 28,522 compared to (72,498) during the same period in 2023. The amount provided by operating activities for the period
ended September 30, 2024 was primarily related to a net income of 14,501,569 and offset by amortization of debt discount of 46,003,
and gain in FV of derivative liability of 12,755,202. Our working capital position changed by going from a working capital deficit of
 31,781,634 at December 31, 2023 to a working capital deficit of 16,029,247 at September, 2024. 

Cash flows used in investing activities were 0 during
the period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Cash (used in) provided by financing activities for
the period ended September 30, 2024 was (27,546), compared to 61,071provided by financing activities for the same period in 2023. The
change was primarily due to the repayment of notes payable of 27,546. Cash from financing activities for the period ended September 30,
2023, was due to proceeds from convertible notes of 35,822 and reduce by repayment of convertible notes of 35,822, proceeds from note
payable of 92,150 and a repayment to related party of 27,375, and an increase in proceeds from related party of 0 

We sustained net income of 14,501,569for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024. In addition, we had a accumulated deficit of 301,481,439 and working capital deficit of 16,029,247
at September 30, 2024. 

Dividends 

The Company has not yet adopted any policy regarding
payment of dividends. No cash dividends have been paid or declared since the Date of Inception. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a Smaller Reporting Company, the Company is not
required to include the disclosure under this Item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period
covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including Mansour
Khatib, who serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective as of the end of the applicable period to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company
in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

37 

As a smaller reporting company,
with revenues stemming from recent acquisitions and a lack of profitability, the Company does not have the resources to install dedicated
staff with deep expertise in all facets of SEC disclosure and GAAP compliance, and does not employ enough accounting staff to have proper
separation of duties. As is the case with many smaller reporting companies, the Company will continue to consult with its external auditors
and attorneys as it relates to new accounting principles and changes to SEC disclosure requirements. In order to correct this material
weakness, the Company engaged a consultant with expertise in SEC disclosure and GAAP compliance. The Company found that this approach
worked well in the past and believes it to be the most cost-effective solution available for the foreseeable future. The Company will
conduct a review of existing sign-off and review procedures as well as document control protocols for critical accounting spreadsheets.
The Company will also increase management s review of key financial documents and records. 

As a smaller reporting company,
the Company does not have the resources to fund sufficient staff to ensure a complete segregation of responsibilities within the accounting
function. However, Company management does review, and will increase the review of, financial statements monthly, and the Company s
external auditor conducts reviews on a quarterly basis. These actions, in addition to the improvements identified above, will minimize
any risk of a potential material misstatement occurring. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in
the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

MANAGEMENT S INTERIM
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management, consisting
of our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer), is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f),
is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board
of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and
includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use of disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. Based on this assessment, management believes that as of September 30, 2024,
our internal control over financial reporting is not effective based on those criteria. 

38 

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

There were no changes during our last fiscal year
that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company may be involved in
various litigation matters, which arise in the ordinary course of business. There is currently no litigation that management believes
will have a material impact on the financial position of the Company. 

On December 3, 2018, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Discover Growth Fund, LLC (the Investor pursuant to which the Company issued
a Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Debenture (the Debenture of 8,340,000. In connection with the issuance of the
Debenture and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company issued a Common Stock Purchase Warrant to acquire up to 225,000 shares
of common stock for a term of three years (the Warrant on a cash-only basis at an exercise price of 100 per share with
respect to 50,000 Warrant Shares, 75 with respect to 75,000 Warrant Shares and 50 with respect to 100,000 Warrant Shares. The holder
may not exercise any portion of the Warrants to the extent that the holder would own more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding
common stock immediately after exercise. The outstanding principal amount may be converted at any time into shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to 95 of the Market Price less 5 (the conversion price is lowered by 10 upon the occurrence
of each Triggering Event the current conversion price is 75 of the Market Price less 5.00). The Market Price is the average
of the 5 lowest individual daily volume weighted average prices during the period the Debenture is outstanding. On May 28, 2019, the Investor
delivered to the Company a Notice of Default and Notice of Sale of Collateral (the Notice ). On December 23,
2019, in arbitration between the Company and the Investor, an Interim Award was entered in favor of the Investor. On January 31, 2020,
the Company was informed that a final award was entered (the Final Award ). The Final Award affirms that certain sections
of the Debenture constitute unenforceable liquidated damages penalties and were stricken. Further, it was determined that the Investor
was entitled to recovery of their attorney s fees. Consequently, the arbitrator awarded Investor an award of 4,034,444 plus
interest of 7.25 accrued from May 15, 2019 and costs of 55,613. On February 18, 2020, the Company filed a motion with the United
States District Court District of Nevada (the Nevada Court to confirm the Final Award and a motion to consolidate Investor s
application to confirm the Final Award filed in the U.S. District Court of the Virgin Islands (Case No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM) (the Virgin
Island Court ). On February 27, 2020, the Nevada Court denied the Company s motion to confirm the Final Award and motion to
consolidate and further decided that the confirmation of the Final Award should be litigated in the Virgin Island Court. As such, on February
27, 2020, the Company filed a Notice of Entry of Order as well as a Motion to Confirm the Arbitration Award, address the outstanding issues
regarding whether Investor s rights are subordinated to other creditors and, thereafter, oversee a commercially reasonable foreclosure
sale (Case No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM). It was the Company s position that the Final Award must first be confirmed and all questions
regarding the rights of Investor relative to those of other creditors must be determined before any foreclosure sale can proceed. It is
further the position of the Company that the previously disclosed foreclosure sale scheduled by Investor is being conducted in a commercially
unreasonable manner and that if Discover proceeded forward with the foreclosure sale it did so at its own risk. Nevertheless, on February
28, 2020, Investor advised that it conducted a sale of the Company s assets. As the date of this report Investor failed to present
a deed of sale for the alleged sale that allegedly took place as noticed. The Company filed with Virgin Island Court the motions disputing
the validity of the alleged sale. On July 28, 2020, Investor filed in the State of Nevada a motion for attorneys 48,844 and costs
 716. The Company filed an answer on August 11, 2020. On October 16, 2020, Investor motion for attorneys 48,844 and costs 716 was
denied. This case is still pending with the Federal court and the Court has not taken any substantive action in the matter as of the date
of this report. Based on Discover notice in writing of selling all the Company s assets, the Company intend to invoice Discover
for that sale and offset the settlement amount at the end of the year. 

39 

On or about July 9, 2021, the Company filed a lawsuit
in District Court in Clack County Nevada Department 19 (Case number A-21-837631-C) against Terry Taylor and TTSG Holdings, Inc
for breach of contract, breach of covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing, Unjust Enrichment and declaratory relief for failure of providing
consulting services per contract they entered. The Company is demanding the return of 240,000 shares issued, return of the 5,000 payments,
recission of the consulting agreement, and attorney s fees and costs. As Terry Taylor and TTSG Holdings failed to appear to a notice
of deposition, the Company filed for a summary judgment. On January 20, 2023 the court issued a 708,821 writ of execution against Terry
Taylor and TTSG. As of filing date, the Company has not collected any amount issued by the Court from Terry Taylor and TTSG. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a Smaller Reporting Company, the Company is not
required to include the disclosure under this Item 1A. Risk Factors. Despite the fact that we are not required to provide risk factors,
we consider the following factors to be risks to our continued growth and development: 

WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY IN AN EVOLVING
INDUSTRY, WHICH MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE PROSPECTS AND MAY INCREASE THE RISK THAT WE WILL NOT BE SUCCESSFUL. 

We have a limited operating history in an evolving
industry that may not develop as expected. Assessing our business and future prospects is challenging in light of the risks and difficulties
we may encounter. These risks and difficulties include our ability to: 

accurately forecast our revenues and plan our operating expenses; 

successfully expand our business; 

assimilate our acquisitions; 

adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways consumers and businesses interact with technology; 

avoid interruptions or disruptions in the offering of our products and our services; 

develop a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment of new features and products; 

hire, integrate and retain talented sales, customer service, technology and other personnel; and 

effectively manage rapid growth in personnel and operations; and 

global COVID-19 pandemic 

If the demand for our services and/or platforms/products
offered or our products under development are not finalized, our business will be harmed. We may not be able to successfully address these
risks and difficulties, which could harm our business and results of operations. 

OUR LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY MAKES IT DIFFICULT
FOR US TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE BUSINESS PROSPECTS AND MAKE DECISIONS BASED ON THOSE ESTIMATES OF OUR FUTURE PERFORMANCE. 

We have a limited operating history and, as a
consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data. Reliance on the historical
results may not be representative of the results we will achieve. Because of the uncertainties related to our limited historical operations,
we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues or expenses. If we make poor budgetary
decisions as a result of unreliable historical data, we could be less profitable or continue to incur losses. 

40 

THE COVID-19 OUTBREAK HAS CAUSED DISRUPTIONS IN
OUR DEVELOPMENT OPERATIONS, WHICH HAVE RESULTED IN DELAYS ON EXISTING PROJECTS AND MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL NEGATIVE IMPACTS ON OUR OPERATIONS 

The Company operates in a high-tech marketplace and
relies on professionals and partnerships all over the world, which is impacted by the global pandemic, causing the Company s resources
to be affected. Our business operations have been and may continue to be materially and adversely affected by the coronavirus disease
COVID-19. 

An outbreak of respiratory illness caused by COVID-19
emerged in Wuhan city, Hubei province, PRC, in late 2019 and expanded globally. COVID-19 is considered to be highly contagious and poses
a serious public health threat. 

Since then, other measures have been imposed in other
countries and major cities in the USA, including Las Vegas, Los Angeles, and throughout the world in an effort to contain the COVID-19
outbreak. The World Health Organization (the WHO is closely monitoring and evaluating the situation. On March 11, 2020,
the WHO declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a pandemic, expanding its assessment of the threat beyond the global health emergency it had
announced in January. Any outbreak of such epidemic illness or other adverse public health developments in the USA or elsewhere in the
world may materially and adversely affect the global economy, our markets and our business. The stay-at-home order was lifted in California
on January 25, 2021, and as such we were able to relocate our virtual offices space and resume normal operations. 

In the first quarter of 2020,
the COVID-19 outbreak caused disruptions in our development operations, which resulted in delays on exiting projects. The entire country,
the economy in general has begun to slowly re-open following the introduction of the COVID-19 vaccine. During the fourth quarter of 2021,
the omicron variants surfaced and has significantly impacted the United States and globally. However, in the event COVID-19, the omicron
variant or other variant is to worsen or again surface any further unforeseen delay in our operations of the development, delivery and
assembly process within any of our activities could continue to result in, increased costs and reduced revenue. 

We cannot foresee whether
the outbreak of COVID-19 and its variants will continue to be effectively contained. If the outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively and
timely controlled, our business operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected as a result of the deteriorating
market outlook for sales, the slowdown in regional and national economic growth, weakened liquidity and financial condition of our customers
and vendors or other factors that we cannot foresee. Any of these factors and other factors beyond our control could have an adverse effect
on the overall business environment, cause uncertainties, cause our business to suffer in ways that we cannot predict and materially and
adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS HAVE NOT RESULTED IN
PROFITABILITY AND WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACHIEVE PROFITABILITY GOING FORWARD 

The Company does not accrue or capitalize development
costs (or any costs to this effect) and expense it to its profit and loss statements as required by US GAAP. As such, the Company incurred
a net income of 14,501,569 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and net loss of 15,579,460 for the period ended September 30,
2023. If we incur additional significant operating losses, our stock price, may decline, perhaps significantly. Our management is developing
plans to alleviate the negative trends and conditions described above. Our business plan is speculative and unproven. There is no assurance
that we will be successful in executing our business plan or that even if we successfully implement our business plan, that we will be
able to curtail our losses now or in the future. Further, as we are an emerging enterprise, we expect that net losses will continue, and
our working capital deficiency will increase. 

WE HAVE NOT GENERATED POSITIVE CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS,
AND OUR ABILITY TO GENERATE POSITIVE CASH FLOW IS UNCERTAIN. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO GENERATE POSITIVE CASH FLOW OR OBTAIN SUFFICIENT CAPITAL
WHEN NEEDED, OUR BUSINESS AND FUTURE PROSPECTS WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED AND WE COULD BE FORCED TO SUSPEND OR DISCONTINUE OPERATIONS. 

41 

Our operations have not generated positive cash flow
for any period, and we have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of common stock and short-term and long-term debt and
convertible debt. Our limited operating history makes an evaluation of our future prospects difficult. The actual amount of funds that
we will need to meet our operating needs will be determined by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors
include the timing and volume of sales transactions, the success of our marketing strategy, market acceptance of our products, the success
of our manufacturing and research and development efforts (including any unanticipated delays), our manufacturing and labor costs, the
costs associated with obtaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights, regulatory changes, competition, technological developments
in the market, evolving industry standards and the amount of working capital investments we are required to make. 

Our ability to continue to operate until we are able
to generate sufficient cash flow from operations will depend on our ability to generate sufficient positive cash flow from our operations.
If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from our operations, our business and future prospects will be adversely affected and
we could be forced to suspend or discontinue operations. 

The Company had a stockholders deficit of 15,311,460 and an accumulated
deficit of 301,481,439 at September 30, 2024. 

WE WILL REQUIRE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL TO SUPPORT BUSINESS
GROWTH, AND THIS CAPITAL MIGHT NOT BE AVAILABLE ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS, IF AT ALL. 

We intend to continue to make investments to support
our business growth and we will require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features
and products or enhance our existing products, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies.
Further, we need additional capital to continue operations. Accordingly, we need to engage in equity or debt financing to secure additional
funds. We expect that we have sufficient capital to maintain operations through the year 2024. In order to fully implement our business
plan, we will need to raise about 10,000,000 If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities,
our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and
privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive
covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for
us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional
financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us
when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be impaired, and
our business may be harmed. 

WE DEPEND UPON KEY PERSONNEL AND NEED ADDITIONAL
PERSONNEL 

Our success depends on our inability to attract and
retain key personnel, including our existing personal, and our inability to do so may materially and adversely affect our business operations. The
loss of qualified personnel could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations. Additionally, the success of the Company s
operations will largely depend upon its ability to successfully attract and maintain competent and qualified key management personnel.
As with any company with limited resources, there can be no guaranty that the Company will be able to attract such individuals or that
the presence of such individuals will necessarily translate into profitability for the Company. 

OUR BUSINESS REQUIRES SUBSTANTIAL CAPITAL, AND
IF WE ARE UNABLE TO MAINTAIN ADEQUATE CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATIONS OUR PROFITABILITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION WILL SUFFER AND JEOPARDIZE
OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE OPERATIONS 

We require substantial capital to support our operations.
If we are unable to generate adequate cash flows from our operations, maintain adequate financing or other sources of capital are not
available, we could be forced to suspend, curtail or reduce our operations, which could harm our revenues, profitability, financial condition
and business prospects. 

42 

THERE IS CURRENTLY A LIMITED PUBLIC MARKET FOR
OUR COMMON STOCK. FAILURE TO FURTHER DEVELOP OR MAINTAIN A TRADING MARKET COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT THE VALUE OF OUR COMMON STOCK AND MAKE
IT DIFFICULT OR IMPOSSIBLE FOR YOU TO SELL YOUR STOCK. 

There is a limited public market for our Common Stock,
which is traded on the OTC under the symbol GTCH. We cannot give any assurances that there will ever be a mature, developed market for
our common stock. Failure to further develop or maintain an active trading market could negatively affect the value of our shares and
make it difficult for you to sell your shares or recover any part of your investment in us. Even if a market for our common stock does
develop in a material way, the market price of our common stock may be highly volatile. In addition to the uncertainties relating to our
future operating performance and the profitability of our operations, factors such as variations in our interim financial results, or
various, as yet unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the market price of our common
stock. 

IF WE FAIL TO MAINTAIN
AN EFFECTIVE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROLS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACCURATELY REPORT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS OR PREVENT FRAUD. AS A RESULT,
CURRENT AND POTENTIAL STOCKHOLDERS COULD LOSE CONFIDENCE IN OUR FINANCIAL REPORTING, WHICH WOULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND THE TRADING PRICE
OF OUR STOCK. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports
and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our brand and operating results could
be harmed. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, areas of our internal controls that need improvement. For example,
for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we reported that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the
lack of resources and the reliance on outside consultants. We intend to increase management s review of our financials. We cannot
be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting
in the future. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could
harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

Additional Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Because we are quoted on the OTC marketplace instead
of a national securities exchange, our investors may experience significant volatility in the market price of our stock and have difficulty
selling their shares. 

Our Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTC Market
Group s OTC marketplace under the ticker symbol GTCH . The OTC is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time
quotes and last sale prices in over-the-counter securities. Trading in shares quoted on the OTC is often thin and characterized by volatility.
This volatility may be caused by a variety of factors, including the lack of readily available price quotations, the absence of consistent
administrative supervision of bid and ask quotations, lower trading volume and market conditions. As a result, there may be wide fluctuations
in the market price of the shares of our Common Stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance, and this volatility, when it occurs,
may have a negative effect on the market price for our securities. Moreover, the OTC is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities
on this platform is more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a national quotation system or stock exchange. Accordingly,
our stockholders may not be able to realize a fair price of their shares when they determine to sell them or may have to hold them for
a substantial period of time until the market for our Common Stock improves. 

Our stock price and trading volume may be volatile,
which could result in substantial losses for our stockholders. 

The equity trading markets may experience periods
of volatility, which could result in highly variable and unpredictable pricing of equity securities. The market price of our Common Stock
could change in ways that may or may not be related to our business, our industry or our operating performance and financial condition.
In addition, the trading volume in our Common Stock has been low and may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. We
have experienced significant volatility in the price of our stock. In addition, the stock markets in general can experience considerable
price and volume fluctuations. 

43 

We have not paid dividends in the past and have
no immediate plans to pay cash dividends. 

We plan to reinvest all of our earnings, to the extent
we have earnings, to develop and deliver our products and cover operating costs and to otherwise become and remain competitive. We do
not plan to pay any cash dividends with respect to our securities in the foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we would, at any
time, generate sufficient surplus cash that would be available for distribution to the holders of our Common Stock as a dividend. Therefore,
you should not expect to receive cash dividends on our Common Stock. 

Shares eligible for future sale may adversely affect
the market for our Common Stock. 

Of the 16,813,229,180 shares of our Common Stock outstanding
as of the date of this Report, approximately 766,217,939 are restricted and 16,047,011,241 shares are freely tradable without restriction
pursuant to Rule 144. Any substantial sale of our Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any resale prospectus may have a material
adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 

You may experience future dilution as a result
of future equity offerings. 

To raise additional capital, we may in the future
offer additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock at prices that may
not be the same as the price per share in this offering. We may sell shares or other securities in any future offering at a price per
share that is lower than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, which would result in those newly issued shares being
diluted. In addition, investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders,
which could impair the value of your shares. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of our Common Stock, or securities
convertible or exchangeable into shares of our Common Stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid
by investors in this offering. 

Our charter documents and Nevada law may inhibit
a takeover that stockholders consider favorable. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and
bylaws and applicable provisions of Nevada law may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control
or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions
that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. The provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 

limit who may call stockholder meetings; 

do not provide for cumulative voting rights; and 

provide that all vacancies may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. 

There are limitations on director/officer liability. 

As permitted by Nevada law, our certificate of incorporation
limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages for breach of a director s fiduciary duty except for liability in certain
instances. As a result of our charter provision and Nevada law, shareholders may have limited rights to recover against directors for
breach of fiduciary duty. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that we shall indemnify our directors and officers to
the fullest extent permitted by law. 

44 

Penny stock regulations may impose certain restrictions on the marketability
of our securities. 

The SEC adopted regulations which generally define
a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5 per share or an exercise price of less than
 5 per share, subject to certain exceptions. A security listed on a national securities exchange is exempt from the definition of a penny
stock. Our Common Stock is not currently listed on a national security exchange. Our Common Stock is therefore subject to rules that impose
additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouse).
For transactions covered by such rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities
and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. 

Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny
stock, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also disclose the commission payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative,
current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker dealer must disclose this fact and
the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information
for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Broker dealers must wait two business days
after providing buyers with disclosure materials regarding a security before effecting a transaction in such security. Consequently, the
 penny stock rules restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and affect the ability of investors to sell
our securities in the secondary market and the price at which such purchasers can sell any such securities, thereby affecting the liquidity
of the market for our Common Stock. 

Stockholders should also be aware that, according
to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: 

control of the market for the security by one or more broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; 

manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; 

boiler room practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; 

excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and 

the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our stock. 

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (referred
to as FINRA) has rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing
that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high
probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are
applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers
buy our Common Stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect
on the market for and price of our common stock. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company
had the following transactions in its common stock: 

Of 6,559,534,118 Shares issued for the conversion of convertible notes of 555,680 and accrued interest of 1,880. 

45 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

On December 3, 2018, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with Discover Growth Fund, LLC (the Investor pursuant to which the Company issued
a Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Debenture (the Debenture in the aggregate face value of 8,340,000. In connection
with the issuance of the Debenture and pursuant to the terms of the SPA, the Company issued a Common Stock Purchase Warrant to acquire
up to 225,000 shares of common stock for a term of three years (the Warrant on a cash-only basis at an exercise
price of 100.00 per share with respect to 50,000 Warrant Shares, 75.00 with respect to 75,000 Warrant Shares and 50.00 with respect
to 100,000 Warrant Shares. The holder may not exercise any portion of the Warrants to the extent that the holder would own more than 4.99 
of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately after exercise. The outstanding principal amount may be converted at any time
into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 95 of the Market Price less 5.00 (the
conversion price is lowered by 10 upon the occurrence of each Triggering Event the current conversion price is 75 of the Market
Price less 5.00). The Market Price is the average of the 5 lowest individual daily volume weighted average prices during the period the
Debenture is outstanding. On May 28, 2019, the Investor delivered to the Company a Notice of Default and Notice of Sale of 

Collateral (the Notice ). On December
23, 2019, in arbitration between the Company and the Investor, an Interim Award was entered in favor of the Investor. On January 31, 2020,
the Company was informed that a final award was entered (the Final Award ). The Final Award affirms that certain sections
of the Debenture constitute unenforceable liquidated damages penalties and were stricken. Further, it was determined that the Investor
was entitled to recovery of their attorney s fees. Consequently, the arbitrator awarded Investor an award of 4,034,444 plus
interest of 7.25 accrued from May 15, 2019 and costs in the amount of 55,613. On February 18, 2020, the Company filed a motion
with the United States District Court District of Nevada (the Nevada Court to confirm the Final Award and a motion to consolidate
Investor s application to confirm the Final Award filed in the U.S. District Court of the Virgin Islands (Case No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM)
(the Virgin Island Court ). On February 27, 2020, the Nevada Court denied the Company s motion to confirm the Final
Award and motion to consolidate and further decided that the confirmation of the Final Award should be litigated in the Virgin Island
Court. As such, on February 27, 2020, the Company filed a Notice of Entry of Order as well as a Motion to Confirm the Arbitration Award,
address the outstanding issues regarding whether Investor s rights are subordinated to other creditors and, thereafter, oversee
a commercially reasonable foreclosure sale (Case No: 3 :20-cv-00012-CVG-RM). It was the Company s position that the Final Award
must first be confirmed and all questions regarding the rights of Investor relative to those of other creditors must be determined before
any foreclosure sale can proceed. It is further the position of the Company that the previously disclosed foreclosure sale scheduled by
Investor is being conducted in a commercially unreasonable manner and that if Discover proceeded forward with the foreclosure sale it
did so at its own risk. Nevertheless, on February 28, 2020, Investor advised that it conducted a sale of the Company s assets. As
the date of this report Investor failed to present a deed of sale for the alleged sale that allegedly took place as noticed. The Company
filed with Virgin Island Court the motions disputing the validity of the alleged sale. On July 28, 2020, Investor filed in the State of
Nevada a motion for attorneys 48,844 and costs 716. The Company filed an answer on August 11, 2020. On October 16, 2020, Investor
motion for attorneys 48,844 and costs 716 was denied. This case is still pending with the Federal court and the Court has
not taken any substantive action in the matter as of the date of this report. Based on Discover notice in writing of selling all the Company s
assets, the Company intend to invoice Discover for that sale and offset the settlement amount at the end of the year. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

During the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, no director or officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,
as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

46 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Forex International Trading Corp. (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Forex International Trading Corp. (1) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock (2) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock (3) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation Series C Preferred Stock (4) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Amendment to the Certificate of Designation for the Series B Preferred Stock (5) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment to the Certificate of Designation for the Series C Preferred Stock(5) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Change filed pursuant to NRS 78.209 (6) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Articles of Merger filed pursuant to NRS 92.A.200 (6) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Gopher Protocol Inc. (8) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Change dated July 10, 2019 (23) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Articles of Merger by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and GBT Technologies Inc. dated July 10, 2019(23) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Certificate of Change (24) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Articles of Merger by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and GBT Technologies Inc. dated July 10, 2019 (24) 
 
 3.15 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of GBT Technologies Inc. dated September 23, 2019(26) 
 
 3.16 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock (7) 
 
 3.17 
 
 Certificate of Designation of the Preferences, Rights and Limitations of the Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (15) 
 
 3.18 
 
 Series H Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (21) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to Robert Warren Jackson, Gregory Bauer, Michael Murray and Guardian Patch, LLC dated September 1, 2017 (14) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Balloon Note payable by Gopher Protocol Inc. to RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC dated September 1, 2017 (14) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to Derron Winfrey, Dennis Winfrey, Mark Garner and JIL Venture dated March 1, 2018 (16) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Note payable by Gopher Protocol Inc. to ECS, LLC dated March 1, 2018 (16) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Stock Option issued to Kevin Pickard dated April 16, 2018 (17) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Stock Option issued to Muhammad Khilji dated April 25, 2018 (18) 
 
 4.7 
 
 6 Convertible Note payable to Pablo Gonzalez dated June 17, 2019 (21) 
 
 4.8 
 
 Convertible Note payable to Glen Eagles Acquisition LP (22) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Amendment to Common Stock Purchase Warrant between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Glen Eagles Acquisition LP (22) 
 
 4.10 
 
 Second Amendment to Promissory Note between GBT Technologies Inc. and Ilaid Research and Trading LP dated July 20, 2020 (29) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note August 4, 2020 issued to Redstart Holdings Corp. (30) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Promissory Note between GBT Technologies Inc. and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated May 14, 2020 Executed May 19, 2021(31) 
 
 4.13 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note May 26, 2021 issued to Redstart Holdings Corp. Executed on May 27, 2021 (32) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Promissory Note between GBT Technologies Inc. and Iliad Research and Trading LP dated August 19, 2021 executed August 20, 2021 (33) 
 
 4.15 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note September 21, 2021 issued to Redstart Holdings Corp. Executed on September 24, 2021, and Funded on September 28, 2021 (34) 
 
 4.16 
 
 Amended Loan Authorization and Agreement between GBT Technologies Inc. and U.S. Small Business Administration dated October 1, 2021 (35) 
 
 4.17 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated November 8, 2021 issued to Sixth Street Lending LLC (36) 

47 

4.18 
 
 Description of Securities (40) 
 
 4.19 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note dated May 4, 2022 issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (42) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Territorial License Agreement dated March 4, 2015, by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Hermes Roll LLC (7) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Territorial License Agreement dated June 16, 2015 by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Hermes Roll LLC (9) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Letter Agreement dated August 20, 2015 by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Dr. Danny Rittman (10) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement dated March 14, 2016 by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Dr. Danny Rittman. (11) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Dr. Danny Rittman dated April 19, 2016 (12) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Danny Rittman dated June 29, 2017 (13) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC dated September 1, 2017 (14) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Addendum to Asset Purchase Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and RWJ Advanced Marketing, LLC dated September 1, 2017 (14) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Gregory Bauer dated September 1, 2017 (14) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and ECS Prepaid LLC dated March 1, 2018 (16) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Employment Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Derron Winfrey dated March 1, 2018(16) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Mark Garner dated March 1, 2018(16) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. dated September 4, 2018 (19) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Exclusive Intellectual Property License and Royalty Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and GBT Technologies, S.A. dated September 14, 2018 (20) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Letter Agreement between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Dr. Danny Rittman dated September 14, 2018 (20) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Exchange Agreement entered into between Gopher Protocol Inc., Altcorp Trading LLC, GBT Technologies, S.A., a Costa Rica company and Pablo Gonzalez dated June 17, 2019 (21) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Consulting Agreement entered into between Gopher Protocol Inc. and Glen Eagles Acquisition LP (22) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Letter Agreement between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and GBT Technologies Inc. executed August 2, 2019 Delivered August 6, 2019 (39) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between Mobiquity Technologies, Inc. and GBT Technologies Inc. Dated September 10, 2019 (25) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between Marital Trust GST Subject U/W/O Leopold Salkind and GBT Technologies Inc. dated September 10, 2019 (25) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Letter Agreement between GBT Technologies Inc. and Stanley Hills LLC dated February 26, 2020 (27) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note between GBT Technologies Inc. and Iliad Research and Trading, L.P. dated February 27, 2020 (27) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Order dated February 27, 2020 issued by the United States District Court District of Nevada (27) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement by and between GBT Technologies Inc. and Tokenize-It S.A. dated March 6, 2020 (28) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Consulting Agreement by and between Pablo Gonzalez and GBT Tokenize Corp. dated March 6, 2020 (28) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Pledge Agreement by and between GBT Tokenize Corp. and Tokenize-It S.A., dated March 6, 2020 (28) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 4, 2020 between GBT Technologies Inc. and Redstart Holdings Corp. (30) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 8, 2021 between GBT Technologies Inc. and Sixth Street Lending LLC (36) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Equity Financing Agreement between GBT Technologies Inc. and GHS Investments LLC dated December 17, 2021 (37) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between GBT Technologies Inc. and GHS Investments LLC dated December 17, 2021 (37) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Resolution of Purchase, Mutual Release and Settlement Agreement by and among GBT Technologies Inc. and Parties Listed Therein December 22, 2021(38) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form of Claim Purchase Agreement dated April 12, 2022 (41) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Finders Fee Agreement between JH Darbie Co. and GBT Technologies Inc. dated October 14, 2021 (39) 

48 

10.35 
 
 Master Joint Venture and Territorial License Agreement by and between GBT Technologies Inc. and Magic International Argentina FC SL (41) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Pledge Agreement by and between GBT Tokenize Corp and Magic International Argentina FC SL (41) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 4, 2022 between GBT Technologies Inc. and 1800 Diagnol Lending LLC (42) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

(1) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on September 9, 2009. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-K Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 6, 2011 
 
 (3) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 14, 2012 
 
 (4) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2012. 
 
 (5) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 20, 2012. 
 
 (6) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 18, 2015 
 
 (7) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2015 
 
 (8) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 1, 2015 
 
 (9) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 16, 2015 
 
 (10) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 21, 2015 
 
 (11) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2016 
 
 (12) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2016 
 
 (13) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 30, 2017 
 
 (14) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 7, 2017 
 
 (15) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 3, 2018 
 
 (16) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 21, 2018 
 
 (17) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2018 
 
 (18) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2018. 
 
 (19) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 9, 2018. 
 
 (20) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 18, 2018. 
 
 (21) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 19, 2019. 
 
 (22) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 12, 2019. 

49 

(23) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 15, 2019. 
 
 (24) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form -8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 5, 2019. 
 
 (39) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-Q Quarterly Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 7, 2019. 
 
 (25) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2019. 
 
 (26) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 25, 2019. 
 
 (27) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2020. 
 
 (28) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2020. 
 
 (29) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2020. 
 
 (30) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2020. 
 
 (31) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2021. 
 
 (32) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2021. 
 
 (33) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 23, 2021. 
 
 (34) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 29, 2021. 
 
 (35) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 6, 2021. 
 
 (36) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 11, 2021 
 
 (37) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2021 
 
 (38) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2021 
 
 (39) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form S-1 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2022 
 
 (40) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-K Annual Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2022 
 
 (41) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2022 
 
 (42) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K Current Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 2022 

50 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, there unto duly authorized. 

GBT TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Mansour Khatib 

Mansour Khatib 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e6118_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Mansour Khatib, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of GBT Technologies
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant)
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Mansour Khatib 

Mansour Khatib, 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 e6118_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly report of GBT Technologies
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mansour Khatib, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Mansour Khatib 

Mansour Khatib, 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 gtch-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 gtch-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 gtch-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 gtch-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

