<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_9984_0000009984-24-000136.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11496533</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>165268</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3119471</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3839950</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2186647</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1972473</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000009984-24-000136.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029145734
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000009984-24-000136
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARNES GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000009984
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FABRICATED METAL PRODUCTS [3490]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				060247840
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04801
		FILM NUMBER:		241405192

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 MAIN ST
		CITY:			BRISTOL
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8605837070

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		123 MAIN ST
		CITY:			BRISTOL
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ASSOCIATED SPRING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19760518

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000009984-24-000136.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 b-20240930.htm
 10-Q

b-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of October 23, 2024. 
 1 

Barnes Group Inc. 
 Index to Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Page Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Loss) Income for the three and nine months ended Se ptember 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of Se ptember 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 45 
 Part II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 46 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 48 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 48 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 48 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 48 
 Signatures 
 50 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. See FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS under Part I - Item 2 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 2 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

BARNES GROUP INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF (LOSS) INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Selling and administrative expenses Costs (gain) related to the sale of businesses ) Goodwill impairment charge Operating income Interest expense Other expense (income), net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income taxes Net (loss) income ) ) ) Per common share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 3 

BARNES GROUP INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Unrealized (loss) gain on hedging activities, net of tax (1) 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax (2) 
 ) ) Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefits, net of tax (3) 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 
 
 (1) and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 (2) for each of the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 (3) and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 See accompanying notes. 

4 

BARNES GROUP INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowances (2024 - ; 2023 - 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Deferred income taxes Property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities Notes and overdrafts payable Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Long-term debt - current Total current liabilities Long-term debt Accrued retirement benefits Deferred income taxes Long-term tax liability Other liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) per share 
 Authorized: shares 
 Issued: at par value (2024 - shares; 2023 - shares) 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost (2024 - shares; 2023 - shares) 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other non-owner changes to equity ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 5 

BARNES GROUP INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on disposition of property, plant and equipment ) ) Stock compensation expense Non-cash goodwill impairment charge Gain on sale of businesses ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of the effects of acquisition and divestiture: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities Deferred income taxes ) Long-term retirement benefits ) ) Long-term tax liability ) ) Other Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Proceeds from disposition of property, plant and equipment Proceeds from the sale of businesses, net of cash sold Capital expenditures ) ) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Other ) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) Financing activities: Net change in other borrowings ) Payments on long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt Payments of debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Dividends paid ) ) Withholding taxes paid on stock issuances ) ) Cash settlement of foreign currency hedges related to intercompany financing ) ) Other ) ) Net cash (used) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash flows ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Less: Restricted cash, included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

See accompanying notes. 

6 

BARNES GROUP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CO NSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (All dollar amounts included in the notes are stated in thousands except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 

2. 

3 . 
 
 , which includes post-closing adjustments under the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement. The Company paid , net of of cash acquired, in cash, using cash on hand and borrowings under the Company s Revolving Credit Facility and its Term Loan Facility (see Note 10). 
 
 7 

of acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of MB Aerospace. These transaction costs have been recognized in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income, of which was recognized as selling and administrative expenses and of which primarily relating to the bridge loan facility financing was recognized as Interest expense (see Note 10). 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred of acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of MB Aerospace. These costs include of due diligence costs and of transaction costs to complete the acquisition. These transaction costs have been recognized in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income, of which was recognized as selling and administrative expenses and of which primarily relating to the bridge loan facility financing was recognized as Interest expense (see Note 10). 
 
 The operating results of MB Aerospace have been included in the Consolidated Statements of Income since the Acquisition Date. The Company reported in net sales and an operating loss of from MB Aerospace, included within the Aerospace segment's operating profit, inclusive of of short-term purchase accounting adjustments related to inventory step-up and backlog intangible amortization and of amortization of other intangible assets acquired, for the period from the Acquisition Date through September 30, 2023. 
 
 Fair Value of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
 
 The Company accounted for the MB Aerospace acquisition as a business combination. The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their preliminary fair values as of the Acquisition Date, inclusive of subsequent purchase price adjustments, and are consolidated into the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. The assignment of fair market value requires significant judgments regarding the estimates and assumptions used to value the acquired assets and liabilities assumed. In determining the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the Company utilized the cost, income and market approaches from the perspective of a market participant. The Company used third party valuation professionals to aid in the determination of the estimated fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets Other Assets Total Assets Acquired Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Deferred income taxes ) Other liabilities ) Debt assumed ) Total Liabilities Assumed ) Net Assets Acquired 
 
 The Company recorded the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of MB Aerospace as of August 31, 2023 . Fair values are inclusive of purchase price adjustments that were made subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the underlying acquired net tangible and intangible assets. Goodwill has been allocated to the Company s Aerospace segment. None of the recognized goodwill from the acquisition of MB Aerospace is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. In connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded of goodwill and of intangible assets. See Note 9. 
 
 8 

Net (loss) income 
 ) 
 
 The unaudited pro forma combined condensed financial information during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023 were adjusted to include: 
 
 a. Depreciation and Amortization - Adjustment of ) and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, to reflect the adjustment to property, plant, and equipment depreciation and amortization expense from the acquired backlog, developed technology and customer relationships. 
 
 b. Transaction Costs - Adjustments of ) and ) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, to reflect the elimination of non-recurring transaction costs. 
 
 c. Interest Expense - Adjustment of ) and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, to reflect the adjustment to interest expense resulting from interest on the new debt to finance the acquisition of MB Aerospace and the extinguishment of MB Aerospace s existing debt and the amortization of related debt issuance costs. 
 
 d. Inventory Step-Up - Adjustment of ) and ) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, to eliminate the inventory fair value adjustment that was recognized in cost of sales during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 e. Income Taxes - The estimated tax impacts of the pro forma adjustments have been reflected within the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations by using a blended foreign, federal and state statutory income tax rate. 

4. 
 
 , subject to certain adjustments (the "Sale"). The Businesses operated within the Company's Force Motion Control (formerly Motion Control Solutions) business. Pursuant to the required accounting guidance, as of March 31, 2024, the Company allocated of goodwill from the Force Motion Control reporting unit to the Businesses based on the estimated relative fair values of the Businesses to be disposed of and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained. 
 9 

. The Company yielded net cash proceeds of after consideration of cash sold and transaction costs. The Company recorded additional transaction costs associated with the sale of the Businesses of during the three month period ended September 30, 2024, with reflected within Accounts payable as of September 30, 2024. The final amount of proceeds from the Sale is subject to post closing adjustments. The Company recorded a gain on the sale of the Businesses of through operating profit) during the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024. Resulting tax charges of 0 and , were recognized during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company utilized the proceeds from the Sale to reduce outstanding debt. 

5. 
 
 Aerospace Aftermarket Products and Services Force Motion Control Products Molding Solutions Products Automation Products Geographic Regions (B) 
 Americas Europe Asia Rest of World 
 10 

Aerospace Aftermarket Products and Services Force Motion Control Products (B) 
 Molding Solutions Products Automation Products Geographic Regions (C) 
 Americas Europe Asia Rest of World 
 (A) The results of MB Aerospace, from the acquisition on August 31, 2023, have been included within the Company's revenue disaggregated by products and services, and geographic regions within the Aerospace Segment for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023.. 
 (B) Effective April 23, 2024, following the divestiture of the Businesses, the Company renamed the Motion Control Solutions business to Force Motion Control. Revenue related to the divested businesses contributed and during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (C) Sales by geographic region are based on the location to which the product is shipped and services are delivered. 

Revenue from products and services transferred to customers at a point in time accounted for approximately percent and percent of total revenue for the three month periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Revenue from products and services transferred to customers at a point in time accounted for approximately percent and percent of total revenue for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. A majority of revenue within the Industrial segment and Aerospace Original Equipment Manufacturing Products business ("OEM"), along with a portion of revenue within the Aerospace Aftermarket Products and Services business ("Aftermarket"), is recognized at a point in time, primarily when the product or solution is shipped to the customer. 
 
 Revenue from products and services transferred to customers over-time accounted for approximately percent of total revenue and percent of total revenue for the three month periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Revenue from products and services transferred to customers over-time accounted for approximately percent and percent of total revenue for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company recognizes revenue over-time in instances where a contract supports a continual transfer of control to the customer. Substantially all of our revenue in the Aerospace Aftermarket maintenance repair and overhaul business (within Aftermarket Products and Services) and a portion of the revenue within Force Motion Control productions (formerly Motion Control Solutions), M olding Solutions products and Aerospace OEM products is recognized over-time. Within the Molding Solutions and Aerospace Aftermarket businesses, this continual transfer of control to the customer partially results from repair and refurbishment work performed on customer-controlled assets. With other contracts, this continual transfer of control to the customer is supported by clauses in the contract, or governing commercial law of the relevant jurisdiction, where we deliver products that do not have an alternative use and require an enforceable right to payment of costs incurred (plus a reasonable profit) or the Company has a contractual right to complete any work in process and receive full contract price. 
 
 The majority of our revenue is from contracts that are for less than one year, however certain Aerospace OEM and Molding Solutions business contracts extend beyond one year. In the Industrial segment, customers are typically OEMs or suppliers to OEMs and, in some businesses, distributors. In the Aerospace segment, customers include commercial airlines, OEMs, defense-related manufacturers, and industry parts and service providers. 
 
 A performance obligation represents a promise within a contract to provide a distinct good or service to the customer. Revenue is recognized in an over-time model based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The 
 11 

Contract liabilities ) ) ) Net contract assets 
 
 Contract liabilities balances at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 include and , respectively, of customer advances for which the Company has not yet collected payment, but has an unconditional right to collect payment. Accounts receivable, as presented on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, includes corresponding balances at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Changes in the net contract assets during the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 included a increase in contract assets, driven primarily by contract progress (i.e., unbilled receivable), partially offset by earlier contract progress being invoiced to the customer. Offsetting this net contract increase was a increase in contract liabilities, driven primarily by new customer advances, offset by revenue recognized in the current nine-month period. 
 
 The Company recognized approximately and of the revenue related to the contract liabilities balance as of December 31, 2023 during the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2024, and approximately and of the revenue related to the contract liabilities balance as of December 31, 2022 during the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily representing revenue from the sale of molds and hot runners within the Molding Solutions business. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations . The Company has elected to disclose remaining performance obligations only for contracts with an original duration of greater than one year. Such remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price of firm orders for which work has not yet been performed and, for Aerospace, excludes projections of components and assemblies that Aerospace OEM customers anticipate purchasing in the future under existing programs, which represent orders that are beyond lead time and do not represent performance obligations pursuant to accounting guidance. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was . The 
 12 

of the remaining performance obligations over the next months, with the remainder to be recognized within months. 

6. 
 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 
 ) ) Employee stock plans ) ) March 31, 2024 ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 
 ) ) Employee stock plans ) ) June 30, 2024 ) ) Comprehensive loss (income) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Employee stock plans ) ) September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 A schedule of consolidated changes in equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is as follows (number of shares in thousands): 
 Common Stock (Number of Shares) Common Stock (Amount) Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock (Number of Shares) Treasury Stock (Amount) Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Non-Owner Changes to Equity Total Stockholders Equity December 31, 2022 ) ) Comprehensive income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Residual interest in subsidiary ) ) Employee stock plans ) ) March 31, 2023 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Employee stock plans ) ) June 30, 2023 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Employee stock plans ) ) September 30, 2023 ) ) 

7. 
 
 13 

. 
 
 The calculation of weighted-average diluted shares outstanding excludes all shares that would have been anti-dilutive. During the three month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company excluded and stock awards, respectively, from the calculation of weighted-average diluted shares outstanding as the stock awards were considered anti-dilutive. During the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company excluded and stock awards, respectively, from the calculation of weighted-average diluted shares outstanding as the stock awards were considered anti-dilutive. 
 
 The Company granted stock options, restricted stock unit awards and performance share awards ("PSAs") in February 2024 as part of its annual long-term incentive equity grant awards. All of the stock options and the restricted stock unit awards vest upon meeting certain service conditions. The restricted stock unit awards are included in basic weighted-average common shares outstanding as they contain nonforfeitable rights to dividend payments. The PSAs are part of the long-term Performance Share Award Program and are based on performance goals that are driven by a combination of independently measured metrics (depending on the grant year). 
 
 performance period. ROIC is designed to assess the Company's performance compared to pre-established Company targets over a performance period. The participants can earn from to of the target award and the award includes a forfeitable right to dividend equivalents, which are not included in the aggregate target award numbers. The fair value of the TSR is determined using a Monte Carlo valuation method as the award contains a market condition. 

8. 

Work-in-process Raw material and supplies 

9. 
 
 Acquisition related Divestiture related (see Note 4) ) ) Impairment charge ) ) Foreign currency translation September 30, 2024 (A) Industrial amounts as of December 31, 2023 are net of accumulated goodwill impairment losses of . 
 
 The acquisition-related changes recorded at Aerospace during 2024 include purchase accounting adjustments of of goodwill resulting from the acquisition of MB Aerospace. 
 14 

of goodwill within the Force Motion Control (formerly Motion Control Solutions) reporting unit to the divested Businesses based on the estimated relative fair values of the Businesses. 
 During the second quarter, management completed the Company's annual impairment assessment of goodwill as of April 1, 2024. The Company utilizes the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the Step 1 quantitative goodwill impairment test in accordance with the applicable accounting standards. Under the qualitative assessment, management considers relevant events and circumstances including but not limited to macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall reporting unit performance and events directly affecting a reporting unit. If the Company determines that the Step 1 quantitative impairment test is required, management estimates the fair value of the reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model (a form of the income approach), a market approach, or both. Inherent in management s development of cash flow projections under the income approach are assumptions and estimates, including those related to future earnings and growth rates and the weighted average cost of capital. Pursuant to the market approach, management considers readily available market information, including comparable public company earnings multiples relative to the performance of the Company's businesses. The Company compares the fair value of the reporting unit with the carrying value of the reporting unit. If the fair values were to fall below the carrying values, the Company would recognize a non-cash impairment charge to income from operations for the amount by which the carrying amount of any reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, assuming the loss recognized does not exceed the total amount of goodwill for the reporting unit. 
 
 Based on qualitative assessments as of April 1, 2024, management concluded that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of each of the Company s reporting units was below its respective carrying value, except for the Automation reporting unit. Therefore, management performed a Step 1 quantitative assessment for the Automation reporting unit. In estimating the fair value of the Automation reporting unit, management evaluated readily available end market information, including earnings multiples, from comparable public companies that also operate within the automation sector. Management s assessment resulted in a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of related to the Automation reporting unit as the estimated fair value of the reporting unit declined below its carrying value. The reduction of fair value was primarily the result of lower projections for the reporting unit, consistent with a reduction of forecasted growth trends within the broader automation market. A decline in projections was largely due to uncertainty in the broader industrial manufacturing markets, partially restricting the significant capital expenditures required for such investments in automation. A significant level of reliance on the automotive sector and corresponding delays in model change releases, more specifically, also negatively impacted the fair value of the Automation reporting unit. The non-cash goodwill impairment charge was recorded during the three-month period ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 Other Intangible Assets: 

) ) Component Repair Programs (CRPs) Up to 
 ) ) Customer relationships - 
 ) ) Patents and technology - 
 ) ) Trademarks/trade names - 
 ) ) Other Up to 
 ) ) ) ) Unamortized intangible assets: Trade names Foreign currency translation ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) 
 
 15 

, and that were included within customer relationships, patents and technology, and trademarks, respectively, and were fully amortized as of December 31, 2023, were related to the divested Businesses. 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets for the three months period ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. Amortization of intangible assets for the nine months period ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 
 Estimated amortization of intangible assets for future periods is as follows: 2024 (remainder) - ; 2025 - ; 2026 - ; 2027 - ; 2028 - and 2029 - . 

10. 
 
 Term Loan Facility Unamortized deferred financing costs and original issue discount - Term Loan Facility ) ) Borrowings under lines of credit and overdrafts Finance leases Less current maturities ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 On February 10, 2021, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the sixth amended and restated senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the "Unsecured Credit Agreement") and retained Bank of America, N.A. as the Administrative Agent for the lenders. The Unsecured Credit Agreement was to mature in February 2026. Borrowings under the Unsecured Credit Agreement bore interest at either the Eurocurrency rate, as defined in the Unsecured Credit Agreement, plus a margin of to or the base rate, as defined in the Unsecured Credit Agreement, plus a margin of to , depending on the Company's leverage ratio at the time of the borrowing. Multi-currency borrowings, pursuant to the Unsecured Credit Agreement, bore interest at their respective interbank offered rate (i.e. Euribor) or (higher of the two rates) plus a margin of between and . The Unsecured Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain a Senior Debt Ratio of not more than times. In addition, the Unsecured Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain a Total Debt Ratio of not more than times for each fiscal quarter. A ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Cash Interest Expense, as defined, of not less than times, was also required at the end of each fiscal quarter. The Company subsequently amended the Unsecured Credit Agreement on October 11, 2021 (the "LIBOR Transition Amendment"), defining certain applicable multi-currency borrowing rates that could be used as replacement rates for LIBOR, which was expected to be discontinued by reference rate reform. 
 
 On April 6, 2022, the Company entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Unsecured Credit Agreement Amendment No. 1 ), which (i) replaced the LIBOR interest rate for U.S. dollar loans to a term Secured Overnight Financing Rate including a Secured Overnight Financing Rate adjustment (or "SOFR", as defined in the Unsecured Credit Agreement), (ii) added a daily SOFR option for U.S. dollar loans and a term SOFR option for U.S. dollar loans, and (iii) added the ability to borrow foreign swing line loans based on the Euro Short Term Rate (" STR") (as defined) with the same interest spread as the interest spread for SOFR Loans (as defined) and Alternative Currency Loans (defined as loans denominated in Euro, Sterling, Swiss Francs or Yen). In addition, Amendment No. 1 lowered the interest rate spread on (i) SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Loans to a range from to , depending on the leverage ratio (the Leverage Ratio of Consolidated Total Debt (as defined) to Consolidated EBITDA (as defined) as of the end of each fiscal quarter, and (ii) loans based on the Base Rate (as defined), to a range from to , depending on the Company s Leverage Ratio as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Amendment No. 1 also lowered the facility fee, which was required to be paid by the Company under the Unsecured Credit Agreement and was calculated on the full amount of the revolving facility, to a range from to , depending on the Company s Leverage 
 16 

in conjunction with executing Amendment No. 1. Such fees have been deferred within Other Assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and will be amortized into interest expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income through its maturity. 
 
 On June 5, 2023, the Company entered into the Agreement with MB Aerospace Group Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands limited company (the "Agreement"). In connection with entry into the Agreement, on June 5, 2023, the Company entered into the Second Amendment (the Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement and Amendment No. 2 ("Amendment No. 2") to Unsecured Credit Agreement to facilitate the acquisition of MB Aerospace Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation MB Aerospace ), along with such entity s subsidiaries (the Transaction ), as well as a commitment letter with Bank of America, N.A. and BofA Securities, Inc. (collectively, the Commitment Parties ), pursuant to which the Commitment Parties agreed to provide, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions contained therein, a backstop senior secured revolving credit facility and a senior secured bridge loan facility ("Bridge Loan Facility"). The Bridge Loan Facility was only intended to be drawn to the extent that the Company did not obtain alternative financing prior to the closing of the Transaction. The Company recorded fees of in conjunction with the Bridge Loan Facility and backstop senior secured revolving credit facility into interest expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) in 2023. On the Acquistion Date, pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company completed the Transaction for an aggregate purchase price of , subject to customary and specified closing adjustments, as set forth in the Agreement. Concurrently, the Company entered into a new Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement among the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, the issuing banks, lenders and other parties party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, as collateral agent and as swingline lender, which provides for senior secured financing of , consisting of a term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount of , at an original issue discount of , and a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Senior Facilities in an aggregate principal amount of up to , including a letter of credit sub-facility of up to . Proceeds of the loans borrowed under the Senior Facilities on the Acquisition Date, net of a original issue discount on the Term Loan Facility, were used to fund, in part, the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, including the consummation of the Transaction, the repayment in full of the Senior Notes, and to pay related fees and expenses. As of the Acquisition Date, the Revolving Credit Facility had outstanding borrowings in an aggregate principal amount of approximately . Proceeds of any loans under the Revolving Credit Facility borrowed after the Acquisition Date will be used for general corporate purposes. The Company paid fees and expenses of in conjunction with executing the Revolving Credit Facility. Such fees have been deferred within Other Assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and will be amortized into interest expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income through the maturity of the Credit Agreement with the previously recorded debt issuance costs. The Company incurred of debt issuance costs in conjunction with executing the Term Loan Facility. Such fees have been recorded as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the Term Loan Facility and will be amortized into interest expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income through the maturity of the Term Loan Facility. Cash used to pay these fees was recorded through financing activities on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. On August 31, 2023, in connection with the Credit Agreement and the closing of the Transaction, the Bridge Loan Facility was terminated. 
 
 On March 19, 2024, the Company entered into a Refinancing Amendment Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement which replaced the outstanding principal amount of term loans under the Term Loan Facility (the Existing Term Loans with an equal amount of new term loans (the New Term Loans having substantially similar terms as the Existing Term Loans, except with respect to the interest rate applicable to the New Term Loans and certain other provisions. The interest rate margin applicable to the New Term Loans was reduced to , in the case of ABR loans, and , in the case of Term SOFR loans (with the Term SOFR floor remaining at ). The interest rate margin applicable to the Existing Term Loans was , in the case of ABR loans, and , in the case of Term SOFR loans. In addition, the Term SOFR adjustment applicable to the New Term Loans was reduced to , from for the Existing Term Loans. The Company recorded fees of in conjunction with Amendment No. 2 within interest expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income in the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 
 The Senior Facilities are guaranteed by each of the Company s wholly owned domestic subsidiaries and are secured by substantially all assets of the Company and of each subsidiary guarantor, in each case subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 Borrowings under the Senior Facilities bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, either Term SOFR (subject to a floor) or an alternate base rate ("ABR"), in each case plus an applicable margin of (i) in the case of borrowings under the Term Loan Facility, for Term SOFR loans and for ABR loans and (ii) in the case of borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, initially, for Term SOFR loans and for ABR loans. The applicable margin for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility varies depending on the Company s total net leverage ratio. At September 30, 2024 , the applicable margin for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility was . The Company is also required to pay a commitment fee initially equal to per annum to the lenders under the Revolving 
 17 

. 
 
 The Term Loan Facility matures on the seven-year anniversary of the Acquisition Date and amortizes in equal quarterly installments annually), starting with the first full fiscal quarter after the Acquisition Date, of of the initial principal amount. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on the five-year anniversary of the Acquisition Date (August 31, 2028). In addition, the Company is required to prepay outstanding loans under the Term Loan Facility, subject to certain exceptions, with up to of the Company s annual excess cash flow (as defined under the Credit Agreement) in excess of the greater of and of Last Twelve Months ("LTM") Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) as of the applicable time, and with up to of the net cash proceeds of certain recovery events and non-ordinary course asset sales (which percentages vary depending on the Company s first lien secured net leverage ratio). 
 
 The Company may generally prepay outstanding loans under the Senior Facilities at any time, without prepayment premium or penalty, subject to customary breakage costs with respect to Term SOFR loans. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility requires that the Company maintain a maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, initially of to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter for which financials have been (or were required to be) delivered, commencing with the first full fiscal quarter after the Acquisition Date, stepping down to to 1.00 over time. The maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio is 5.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 thus limiting the available credit to . For material acquisitions in certain circumstances, such ratio may be increased by up to to 1.00. The actual ratio, as defined, was to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024. The Revolving Credit Facility also requires that the Company not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of any test period to be less than to 1.00. The actual ratio, as defined, was to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
 
 The Senior Facilities contain certain affirmative and negative covenants that limit the ability of the Company, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions, to incur debt or liens, make investments, enter into certain mergers, consolidations, asset sales and acquisitions, pay dividends and make other restricted payments and enter into transactions with affiliates. The Senior Facilities also contain certain events of default, including relating to a change of control. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the Senior Facilities will be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the Senior Facilities. 
 
 Borrowings and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility were and , respectively, at September 30, 2024 and and , respectively, at December 31, 2023, subject to covenants discussed above. The average interest rate on these borrowings was and on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The average interest rate excludes the impact of the Company s interest swap agreements. See Note 11. Borrowings included Euro-denominated borrowings of Euros at September 30, 2024 and Euros at December 31, 2023. The fair value of the borrowings is based on observable Level 2 inputs. The borrowings were valued using discounted cash flows based upon the Company's estimated interest costs for similar types of borrowings. 
 
 Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility were and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The average interest rate on these borrowings was and on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The average interest rate excludes the impact of the Company s interest swap agreements. See Note 11. The fair value of the borrowings is based on the quoted market price of the borrowings on September 30, 2024, which represents Level 1 observable inputs. 
 
 In addition, the Company has approximately in uncommitted short-term bank credit lines ("Credit Lines") and overdraft facilities. The Credit Lines are accessed locally and are available primarily within the U.S., Europe and Asia. The Credit Lines are subject to the applicable borrowing rates within each respective country and vary between jurisdictions (i.e. LIBOR, Euribor, etc.). The Company had borrowings under the Credit Lines at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company had borrowed and under the overdraft facilities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Repayments under the Credit Lines are due within one month after being borrowed. Repayments of the overdrafts are generally due within after being borrowed. The carrying amounts of the Credit Lines and overdrafts approximate fair value due to the short maturities of these financial instruments. 
 
 The Company also has finance leases under which and was outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value of the finance leases is based on observable Level 2 inputs. These instruments were valued using discounted cash flows based upon the Company's estimated interest costs for similar types of borrowings. 
 18 

11. 
 
 bank that commenced on January 31, 2022 and that converted the interest on of the Company's one-month LIBOR-based borrowings from a variable rate plus the borrowing spread to a fixed rate of plus the borrowing spread. Effective, April 30, 2022, the Company amended the 2021 Swap (the "Amended 2021 Swap"), such that the one-month SOFR-based borrowing rate replaced the one-month LIBOR-based borrowing rate. The Amended 2021 Swap, which will expire on January 30, 2026, converts the interest on of the Company's one-month SOFR-based borrowings from a variable rate plus the borrowing spread to a fixed rate of plus the borrowing spread. On July 19, 2023, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (the "Euribor Swap") with bank that commenced on July 31, 2023, which converts the interest on of the Company's Euribor-based borrowings from a variable rate plus the borrowing spread to a fixed rate of plus the borrowing spread. Under the Euribor Swap, will expire on July 31, 2026, with the remaining balance of expiring on July 31, 2028. On September 12, 2023, the Company entered into additional interest rate swap agreements (the "2023 Swaps") with six different banks that commenced on September 29, 2023, which convert the interest on of the Company's one-month SOFR-based borrowings from a variable rate plus the borrowing spread to a blended fixed rate of plus the borrowing spread. Under the 2023 Swaps, will expire on August 31, 2026, will expire on August 31, 2027, will expire on August 31, 2028, will expire on August 31, 2029 and the remaining balance of will expire on August 31, 2030. The execution of the interest rate swap agreements in 2023 did not have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. These interest rate swap agreements (the "Swaps") are accounted for as cash flow hedges. 
 
 The Company also uses derivative financial instruments to hedge its exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company has various contracts outstanding which primarily hedge recognized assets or liabilities and anticipated transactions in various currencies including the Euro, British pound sterling, U.S. dollar, Japanese yen, Singapore dollar, Korean won, Swedish krona, Chinese renminbi, Mexican peso, Hong Kong dollar and Swiss franc. Certain foreign currency derivative instruments are treated as cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions. All foreign exchange contracts are due within . 
 
 The Company does not use derivatives for speculative or trading purposes or to manage commodity exposures. 
 
 The Company records the derivatives at fair value on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets within Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets, Other Assets, Accrued Liabilities or Other Liabilities depending on their fair value and remaining contractual period. Changes in the fair market value of derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges are recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to earnings in a manner that matches the earnings impact of the hedged transaction. Reclassifications to earnings for the Swaps are recorded through interest expense and reclassifications to earnings for foreign exchange contracts are recorded through net sales. Changes in the fair market value of the foreign exchange contracts that are not designated hedging instruments are recorded directly to earnings through Other expense (income), net. 
 
 The fair values of the Amended 2021 Swap were and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and were recorded in Other Assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for the periods. The fair values of the Euribor Swap were ) and ) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and were recorded in Other Liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for the periods. The fair values of the 2023 Swaps were ) and ) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and were recorded in Other Liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for the periods. The fair values of the Company's other derivatives were not material to the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. See Note 12. The activity related to the derivatives that have been designated hedging instruments was not material to the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the periods ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. The Company recognized gains of and losses of related to the foreign exchange contracts that are not accounted for as hedging instruments within Other expense (income), net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recognized gains of and losses of related to the foreign exchange contracts that are not accounted for as hedging instruments within Other Expense (income), net, in the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 19 

and , respectively, of net cash payments related to the settlement of foreign currency hedges related to intercompany financing. 

12. 

Liability derivatives ) ) Bank acceptances Rabbi trust assets Total ) ) December 31, 2023 Asset derivatives Liability derivatives ) ) Bank acceptances Rabbi trust assets Total ) ) 
 
 or less and are guaranteed by banks. The carrying amounts of the bank acceptances, which are included within prepaid expenses and other current assets, approximate fair value due to their short maturities. The fair values of rabbi trust assets are based on quoted market prices from various financial exchanges. 
 
 20 

13. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial losses Curtailment gain ) ) Settlement loss (gain) ) Net periodic benefit income ) ) ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Other Postretirement Benefits 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial gains ) ) ) ) Settlement gain ) Net periodic benefit cost 

The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is included within Cost of sales and Selling and administrative expenses. The components of net periodic benefit (income) cost other than the service cost component are included in Other expense (income), net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. See Note 15. 

14. 
 
 compared with in the first nine months of 2023 and for the full year 2023. The increase in the effective tax rate in the first nine months of 2024 as compared with the rate for the full year 2023 is primarily due to the goodwill impairment charge of that was recorded in the second quarter of 2024, which was not tax deductible for book purposes. Additional drivers in the effective tax rate in the first nine months of 2024, as compared with the full year 2023, include of tax expense relating to the sale of the Businesses, including of tax expense recorded during the first quarter of 2024 in conjunction with classifying the Businesses as held for sale as of March 31, 2024. After completion of the sale of the Businesses in the second quarter of 2024, the Company recognized the remainder of the tax expense relating to the sale of the Businesses of . Other items increasing the tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 include of tax expense related to the Income Inclusion Rule under Pillar Two, as defined and discussed below, which significantly reduces the benefit from the tax holidays granted in Malaysia. Of the recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024, approximately should have been recognized during the second quarter of 2024. The increase is partially offset by lower transaction costs capitalized for tax and a lower forecasted GILTI tax. 
 
 In October 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") introduced an inclusive framework to address tax challenges arising from the digitalization of the economy through a two-pillar solution. One of the components of the solution is the implementation of a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15 for large multinational corporations Pillar Two ). The OECD continues to release additional guidance on the two-pillar solution with implementation having begun, although the corresponding taxes are not currently payable until 2026. Under Pillar Two, the Income Inclusion Rule allows a country to look within its chain of ownership to entities not meeting the minimum tax rate requirement and include those results 
 21 

15. ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Items Foreign Currency Items Total December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 22 

Interest expense Foreign exchange contracts 
 ) ) Net sales Total before tax ) ) Tax expense Net of tax Pension and other postretirement benefit items Amortization of prior service costs ) ) (A) Amortization of actuarial losses ) ) (A) ) ) Total before tax Tax benefit ) ) Net of tax Total reclassifications in the period 
 (A) These accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components are included within the computation of net periodic Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits cost. See Note 13. 
 
 23 

Interest expense Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Net sales Total before tax ) ) Tax expense Net of tax Pension and other postretirement benefit items Amortization of prior service costs ) ) (A) Amortization of actuarial losses ) ) (A) Curtailment (loss) gain ) (A) Settlement (loss) gain ) (A) ) ) Total before tax Tax benefit ) ) Net of tax Total reclassifications in the period 

16. 
 
 global business segments: Aerospace and Industrial. Segment information is consistent with how management reviews the businesses, makes investing and resource allocation decisions and assesses operating performance. The Company has not aggregated operating segments for purposes of identifying these reportable segments. 
 
 Aerospace is a global manufacturer of complex fabricated and precision machined components and assemblies for turbine engines, nacelles and structures for both commercial and defense-related aircraft. The Aerospace Aftermarket business provides aircraft engine component MRO services, including services performed under our Component Repair Programs CRPs ), for many of the world s major turbine engine manufacturers, commercial airlines and the defense market. The Aerospace Aftermarket activities also include the manufacture and delivery of aerospace aftermarket spare parts, including through revenue sharing programs RSPs under which the Company receives an exclusive right to supply designated aftermarket parts over the life of specific aircraft engine programs. 
 Industrial is a global provider of highly-engineered, high-quality precision components, products and systems for critical applications serving a diverse customer base in end-markets such as industrial equipment, automation, personal care, packaging, electronics, mobility and medical devices. Focused on innovative custom solutions, Industrial participates in the design phase of components and assemblies whereby customers receive the benefits of application and systems engineering, new product development, testing and evaluation, and the manufacturing of final products. Products are sold primarily through its direct sales force and global distribution channels. Industrial's Molding Solutions business designs and manufactures customized hot runner systems, advanced mold cavity sensors and process control systems, and precision high cavitation mold assemblies - collectively, the enabling technologies for many complex injection molding applications. The Automation business designs and develops robotic grippers, advanced end-of-arm tooling systems, sensors and other automation components for intelligent robotic handling solutions and industrial automation applications. The Force Motion Control business (formerly the Motion Control Solutions business) provides innovative cost-effective force and motion control solutions for a wide range of sheet 
 24 

reportable segments: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Aerospace (A) 
 Industrial Intersegment sales ) ) ) Total net sales Operating profit (loss) Aerospace (A) 
 Industrial (B) 
 ) Total operating profit Interest expense Other expense (income), net ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 (A) The results of MB Aerospace have been included within the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in the Aerospace segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. MB Aerospace's results have also have been included from the acquisition date on August 31, 2023 through September 30, 2023, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (B) Industrial operating losses in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 include a goodwill impairment charge. See Note 9. In addition, operating losses include a pre-tax gain on the sale of the Businesses for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. See Note 4. 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Aerospace Industrial Other (A) 
 Total assets 
 (A) "Other" assets include corporate-controlled assets, the majority of which are cash and cash equivalents and deferred tax assets. 

17. 

25 

18. 
 
 manufacturing sites and a number of branch offices and changes in infrastructure to eliminate certain roles across a number of locations in the Industrial segment businesses in July and October 2022. The 2022 Actions resulted in pre-tax charges of and recorded in 2022 (recorded in second half of 2022) and 2023 (recorded primarily in the first and third quarters of 2023), respectively. Of the aggregate pre-tax charges of recorded in 2023, were recorded in the first quarter, primarily within Cost of sales in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income, and primarily related to of accelerated depreciation of assets and of transfer of work charges. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, additional pre-tax charges of related to the 2022 Actions, including primarily related to site consolidation and transfer of work charges, were recorded within Cost of sales, and offset by of benefit recorded within Selling and administrative expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, additional pre-tax charges of related to the 2022 Actions, including primarily related to site consolidation and transfer of work charges, and of accelerated depreciation of assets, were recorded within Cost of sales, and of expenses were recorded within Selling and administrative expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. The Company does not expect any additional costs related to the 2022 Actions to be significant. 
 
 A corresponding liability of , per below, related to the employee termination costs remained and was included within accrued liabilities as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 26 

Employee severance and other termination benefits ) Payments ) September 30, 2024 
 
 April 2023 Actions 
 
 In April 2023, the Company authorized restructuring actions April 2023 Actions focused on manufacturing footprint optimization, including the consolidation of manufacturing sites and optimization of production. These actions include the geographic transfer of certain programs within both the Industrial and Aerospace segments and changes in infrastructure to drive improvements and efficiencies in business processes, including the elimination of certain roles across several locations. The April 2023 Actions resulted in pre-tax charges of in 2023 (recorded primarily in the second and third quarters of 2023). 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, additional pre-tax charges of related to the April 2023 Actions, primarily related to of transfer of work charges, were recorded within Cost of sales and of expenses were recorded within Selling and administrative expenses, in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. Of the aggregate charges recorded, was reflected within the results of the Industrial segment and was reflected within the results of the Aerospace segment. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, additional pre-tax charges of related to the April 2023 Actions, primarily related to of transfer of work charges, were recorded within Cost of sales and of expenses were recorded within Selling and administrative expenses, in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. Of the aggregate charges recorded, was reflected within the results of the Industrial segment and was reflected within the results of the Aerospace segment. 
 
 A corresponding liability of , per below, related to the employee termination costs remained and was included within accrued liabilities as of September 30, 2024. The Company expects to incur additional costs of approximately related to the April 2023 Actions, which are primarily related to transfer of work charges. Of the aggregate, approximately and relate to the Aerospace and Industrial segments, respectively. The April 2023 Actions are expected to be completed throughout multiple periods, with completion in 2025. 
 
 Employee severance and other termination benefits Payments ) September 30, 2024 
 
 September 2023 Actions 
 
 In September 2023, the Company authorized restructuring actions September 2023 Actions including organizational realignment within a Barnes Industrial business and within Barnes Aerospace following the MB Aerospace acquisition. Resulting pre-tax charges of were recorded primarily in the third quarter of 2023 related to employee termination costs, primarily employee severance and other termination benefits, which are expected to be paid in cash by the end of 2024. The Company does not expect any additional costs related to the September 2023 Actions to be significant. 
 
 A corresponding liability of , per below, related to the employee termination costs remained and was included within accrued liabilities as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 27 

Employee severance and other termination benefits ) Payments ) September 30, 2024 
 Second Quarter 2024 Actions 
 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company authorized restructuring actions Second Quarter 2024 Actions including organizational changes within the Barnes Aerospace and Industrial segment businesses. Resulting pre-tax charges of were recorded related to employee termination costs, primarily employee severance and other termination benefits, which are expected to be paid in cash by the end of 2025 and which were recorded within Selling and administrative expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. Of the aggregate charges recorded, was included within the results of the Aerospace segment and was included within the results of the Industrial segment. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, additional pre-tax charges of related to the Second Quarter 2024 Actions, primarily related to accelerated rent expenses, were recorded within Selling and administrative expenses, in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income and was reflected within the results of the Industrial segment. The Company does not expect any additional costs related to the Second Quarter 2024 Actions to be significant. 
 
 A corresponding liability of , per below, related to the employee termination costs remained and was included within accrued liabilities as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Employee severance and other termination benefits Payments ) September 30, 2024 
 
 Third Quarter 2024 Actions 
 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company authorized restructuring actions Third Quarter 2024 Actions including organizational changes within the Barnes Industrial segment businesses. Resulting pre-tax charges of were recorded related to employee termination costs, primarily employee severance and other termination benefits, which are expected to be paid in cash by the end of 2025 and which were recorded within Selling and administrative expenses in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income. The Company does not expect any additional costs related to the Third Quarter 2024 Actions to be significant. 
 
 A corresponding liability of , per below, related to the employee termination costs remained and was included within accrued liabilities as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Employee severance and other termination benefits Payments September 30, 2024 

28 

19. 
 
 in cash, without interest. 
 
 The Merger is expected to close before the end of the first quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions, including, among other things, the adoption of the Merger Agreement by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company common stock and receipt of certain regulatory approvals. 
 
 Aerospace Fourth Quarter 2024 Actions 
 
 In October 2024, the Company authorized restructuring actions Aerospace Fourth Quarter 2024 Actions focused on manufacturing footprint optimization, following the acquisition of MB Aerospace. The Aerospace Fourth Quarter 2024 Actions include the geographic transfer of certain programs within the segment, including the elimination of certain roles. The pre-tax charges associated with the Aerospace Fourth Quarter 2024 Actions are expected to approximate , with approximately relating to employee termination costs (primarily severance and other employee related benefits) and related to transfer of work charges, recorded through operating profit. Both charges are expected to be paid in cash, with approximately expected to be incurred in 2024 and being incurred in 2025. The Company anticipates annualized cost savings of over resulting from the Aerospace Fourth Quarter 2024 Actions. 
 
 Industrial Fourth Quarter 2024 Actions 
 
 . During the first nine months of 2024, the Company formally notified certain affected employees, thereby resulting in of pre-tax restructuring charges. Additional pre-tax charges of approximately are expected to be recorded during the fourth quarter of 2024, all through operating profit, with approximately relating to employee termination costs, (primarily severance and other employee related benefits and expected to be paid in cash) and approximately of non-cash charges, primarily related to accelerated rent expense. The remaining estimated pre-tax charges of are expected to be recorded in 2025. Approximately of the estimated 2025 charges are expected to be paid in cash and relate to employee termination costs, with the balance being non-cash charges, primarily related to accelerated rent expense. The Company anticipates annualized cost savings of over from the Industrial Fourth Quarter 2024 Actions. 
 
 29 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 Please refer to the Overview in the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Annual Report on Form 10-K, along with the Company's other filings, can be found on the Securities and Exchange Commission's website, www.sec.gov, as well as on the Company's website: www.onebarnes.com . 

Third Quarter Highlights 
 
 The Company reported net sales of 387.8 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 26.8 million or 7.4 from the third quarter of 2023. Organic sales increased by 15.4 million, or 4.3 , including an increase of 14.1 million, or 9.0 , at Aerospace, and an increase of 1.3 million, or 0.6 , at Industrial. See a reconciliation of net sales and net sales growth to organic sales and organic sales growth, respectively, within Item 2 of Management's Discussion and Analysis, Non-GAAP Measures. The year-over-year increase at Aerospace was driven primarily by volume increases within the Aftermarket businesses, reflecting continued strength in aerospace end markets and favorable pricing. The acquisition of MB Aerospace in August 2023 provided incremental sales of 61.1 million within the Aerospace segment during the third quarter of 2024. Foreign currencies increased net sales within the Aerospace segment by approximately 0.6 million as the U.S. dollar weakened against foreign currencies. From an Industrial standpoint, the year-over-year increase was driven by favorable pricing initiatives. The completed sale of the Associated Spring and H nggi businesses (the "Businesses") on April 4, 2024 reduced sales by 51.8 million during the third quarter of 2024, whereas foreign currencies increased net sales within the Industrial segment by approximately 1.5 million as the U.S. dollar weakened against foreign currencies. Operating margins increased from 2.8 in the 2023 period to 10.8 in the current period, primarily due to the absence of 7.8 million in acquisition transaction costs, lower pre-tax charges related to restructuring and transformation, and lower short-term purchase accounting adjustments, partially offset by 1.7 million of divestiture transaction costs related to the sale of the Businesses. Pre-tax charges related to restructuring and transformation approximated 3.8 million within the current period, compared with 13.2 million in the prior year period, and short-term purchase accounting adjustments approximated 0.6 million within the current period, compared with 8.0 million in the prior year period. See Note 4 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the sale of the Businesses. 
 
 Proposed Merger 
 
 On October 6, 2024, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement with the Parent and the Merger Sub. Parent and Merger Sub are affiliates of funds managed by affiliates of Apollo. The Merger is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions, including, among other things, the adoption of the Merger Agreement by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company common stock and receipt of certain regulatory approvals. See Note 19 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the Merger. 
 
 Impact of Macroeconomic Trends and Management Actions 
 
 Certain of the macroeconomic trends that presented challenges across our businesses in 2023, including rising interest rates, inflationary pressures and labor constraints began to stabilize during recent periods, whereas supply chain constraints continue to linger, therefore continuing to impact the performance of the businesses. Management continues to take actions to mitigate the lingering impacts of these events and circumstances and remains proactive in working to address any potential future impacts. 
 
 Management has continued to implement pricing actions and drive productivity initiatives with the goal of mitigating these macroeconomic pressures. Management also continues to focus on driving core business execution through revenue growth, margin expansion, and new business development. Management's attention also remains directed towards integrating our existing businesses, consolidating operations and facilities where appropriate, and rationalizing operational costs and investments; all with the goal of improving profitability and return on invested capital. Management is leading a systematic multi-phased initiative to significantly reduce costs and integrate the Company's operations, decreasing complexity and focusing on improved performance across Industrial. More specifically, the Company has announced restructuring programs (see Note 18 and Note 19 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements) to further reduce costs within both segments, in response to changes in macroeconomic factors. Management also continues to evaluate ongoing geopolitical risks for any potential for impacts on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. 

30 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net Sales 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Aerospace 231.9 156.1 75.8 48.6 671.3 395.4 275.9 69.8 Industrial 155.9 204.9 (49.0) (23.9) 529.4 640.0 (110.6) (17.3) Total 387.8 361.0 26.8 7.4 1,200.7 1,035.3 165.3 16.0 
 
 The Company reported net sales of 387.8 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 26.8 million from the third quarter of 2023. Organic sales increased by 15.4 million, or 4.3 , including an increase of 14.1 million at Aerospace, combined with an increase of 1.3 million at Industrial. The year-over-year increase at Aerospace was driven by a volume increase within the Aftermarket businesses, reflecting ongoing strength within aerospace end markets and favorable pricing. Foreign currencies increased net sales within the Aerospace segment by approximately 0.6 million as the U.S. dollar weakened against foreign currencies. The acquisition of MB Aerospace in August 2023 provided incremental sales of 61.1 million within the segment during the third quarter of 2024, impacting both the OEM and Aftermarket businesses. From an Industrial standpoint, the year-over-year increase was driven by favorable pricing initiatives. The sale of the Businesses reduced sales by 51.8 million during the third quarter of 2024, whereas foreign currencies increased net sales within the Industrial segment by approximately 1.5 million as the U.S. dollar weakened against foreign currencies. 
 
 The Company reported net sales of 1,200.7 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 165.3 million, or 16.0 , from the first nine months of 2023. Organic sales in the first nine months of 2024 increased by 44.9 million, driven by an increase of 45.9 million at Aerospace, partially offset by a 1.0 million decrease at Industrial. The increase at Aerospace was driven by sales growth across both businesses. Foreign currencies increased net sales within the Aerospace segment by approximately 0.6 million as the U.S. dollar weakened against foreign currencies. The acquisition of MB Aerospace on August 31, 2023 provided incremental sales of 229.4 million within the Aerospace segment during the first nine months of 2024. From an Industrial standpoint, the year-over-year decrease was driven by lower volumes within the Force Motion Control and Automation businesses, partially offset by higher volumes within the Molding Solutions business and favorable pricing initiatives. The sale of the Businesses reduced sales by 109.4 million during the first nine months of 2024, whereas, foreign currencies decreased net sales within the Industrial segment by approximately 0.2 million as the U.S. dollar strengthened against foreign currencies. 
 
 Expenses and Operating Income 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Cost of sales 259.4 253.5 5.9 2.3 817.7 704.4 113.3 16.1 sales 66.9 70.2 68.1 68.0 Gross profit (1) 
 128.4 107.5 20.9 19.4 383.0 331.0 52.0 15.7 sales 33.1 29.8 31.9 32.0 Selling and administrative expenses 84.9 97.5 (12.6) (12.9) 255.3 271.7 (16.4) (6.0) sales 21.9 27.0 21.3 26.2 Costs (gain) related to the sale of businesses 1.7 1.7 100 (5.4) (5.4) NM sales 0.4 (0.5) Goodwill impairment charge 53.7 53.7 100 sales 4.5 Operating income 41.8 10.0 31.8 318.6 79.4 59.3 20.1 33.9 sales 10.8 2.8 6.6 5.7 
 NM - Not Meaningful 
 (1) Sales less cost of sales . 
 31 

Cost of sales in the third quarter of 2024 increased 2.3 from the third quarter of 2023 and gross profit margin increased from 29.8 in the second quarter of 2023 period to 33.1 in the third quarter of 2024. Gross profit decreased and gross profit margin increased within Industrial during the third quarter of 2024. Within Industrial, lower volumes within the Force Motion Control business, driven by the sale of the Businesses, negatively impacted overall gross profit, whereas gross profit margin increased during the third quarter of 2024, primarily as a result of favorable pricing initiatives and Barnes Transformation Office costs saving initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable productivity. Gross profit and gross profit margin increased within Aerospace during the third quarter of 2024. Within Aerospace, higher volumes within both the OEM and Aftermarket business, driven by the acquisition of MB Aerospace, and lower short term purchase accounting adjustments positively impacted gross profits. Short-term purchase accounting adjustments approximated 0.6 million within the current period, compared with 8.0 million in the prior year period. As well, 0.6 million of pre-tax charges related to restructuring and transformation related actions (aggregate of 3.8 million, including selling and administrative costs) impacted gross profit across the segments. Pre-tax charges impacting gross profit related to restructuring and workforce reduction actions during the comparable three month period of 2023 were 3.7 million (aggregate of 13.2 million). Selling and administrative expenses in the third quarter of 2024 decreased 12.9 from the 2023 period, whereas sales increased by 7.4 between the comparable 2024 and 2023 periods. As a percentage of sales, selling and administrative costs decreased from 27.0 in the third quarter of 2023 to 21.9 in the 2024 period. The decrease in selling and administrative costs as a percentage of sales was primarily driven by an increase in sales, the absence of 7.8 million in acquisition transaction costs and decreased restructuring and transformation related charges in the current period. Pre-tax charges impacting selling and administrative expenses related to restructuring and workforce reduction actions were 3.2 million (aggregate of 3.8 million) during the third quarter of 2024 and 9.5 million (aggregate of 13.2 million) during the comparable three month period of 2023. Transaction costs of 1.7 million related to the sale of the Businesses also impacted the third quarter of 2024. Operating income in the third quarter of 2024 increased by 318.6 to 41.8 million, compared with the third quarter of 2023, and operating income margin increased to 10.8 from 2.8 , driven by the items noted above. 
 
 Cost of sales in the first nine months of 2024 increased 16.1 from the 2023 period, while gross profit margin remained flat from the 2023 period. Gross profit decreased and gross profit margins increased at Industrial while gross profit increased and gross profit decreased at Aerospace. Within Industrial, gross profit decreased primarily as a result of lower volumes, primarily driven by the sale of the Businesses, and lower organic sales volumes within the Force Motion Control and Automation businesses. Gross profit margin improved primarily as a result of pricing actions taken by the businesses and Barnes Transformation Office costs savings initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable productivity. Within Aerospace, higher volumes within both the OEM and Aftermarket business, driven by the acquisition of MB Aerospace, positively impacted gross profit. Gross profit margins decreased primarily due to unfavorable productivity, partially offset by lower short-term purchase accounting adjustments. The first nine months of 2024 includes 3.5 million of short-term purchase accounting adjustments compared to 8.0 million of short-term purchase accounting adjustments in the prior year period. As well, 4.3 million of pre-tax charges related to restructuring and transformation related actions (aggregate of 13.3 million, including selling and administrative costs) impacted gross profit across the segments. Pre-tax charges impacting gross profit related to restructuring and workforce reduction actions during the comparable nine month period were 10.0 million (aggregate of 41.0 million). Selling and administrative expenses in the first nine months of 2024 decreased 6.0 from the 2023 period, whereas sales increased by 16.0 between the comparable 2023 and 2024 periods. As a percentage of sales, selling and administrative costs decreased from 26.2 in the first nine months of 2023 to 21.3 in the 2024 period. The decrease in selling and administrative costs as a percentage of sales was primarily driven by an increase in sales, the absence of 11.4 million of acquisition transaction costs and lower pre-tax charges related to restructuring and workforce reduction actions. Pre-tax charges impacting selling and administrative expenses related to restructuring and workforce reduction actions were 9.0 million (aggregate of 13.3 million) during the first nine months of 2024 and 31.0 million (aggregate of 41.0 million) during the comparable first nine months of 2023. A goodwill impairment charge of 53.7 million within the Automation reporting unit and a 5.4 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of the Businesses were recorded during the first nine months of 2024. Operating income in the first nine months of 2024 was 79.4 million, compared with first nine months operating income of 59.3 million in 2023, and operating income margin increased from 5.7 in the 2023 period to 6.6 in the 2024 period, primarily driven by the items noted above. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased by 3.2 million in the third quarter of 2024 as compared with the prior year period, primarily due to the absence of 9.5 million of bridge financing fees related to the acquisition of MB Aerospace that were incurred during the prior year period, partially offset by higher average borrowings, largely related to the acquisition of MB Aerospace and a higher average interest rate given the recapitalization of the Company's debt structure. Interest expense increased by 30.6 million in the first nine months of 2024 as compared with the prior year periods, primarily a result of a higher average interest rate and higher average borrowings, as noted above. 
 32 

Other expense (income), net 
 
 Other expense (income), net in the third quarter of 2024 was 0.5 million compared to (0.9) million in the third quarter of 2023. This increase in expense was primarily driven by foreign currency losses of 1.8 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared with foreign currency losses of 0.6 million in the third quarter of 2023. Other expense (income), net in the first nine months of 2024 was 1.4 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to (2.4) million in the first nine months of 2023 . This increase in expense was primarily driven by foreign currency losses of 4.2 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared with foreign currency losses of 2.9 million in the first nine months of 2023 offset by a reduction in income from the other components of net periodic benefit costs related to pension and other postretirement benefits. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company's effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 was 467.1 compared with 67.6 in the first nine months of 2023 and 51.9 for the full year 2023. The increase in the effective tax rate in the first nine months of 2024 as compared with the rate for the full year 2023 is primarily due to the goodwill impairment charge of 53.7 million that was recorded in the second quarter of 2024, which was not tax deductible for book purposes. Additional drivers in the effective tax rate in the first nine months of 2024, as compared with the full year 2023, include 23.7 million of tax expense relating to the sale of the Businesses, including 6.8 million of tax expense recorded during the first quarter of 2024 in conjunction with classifying the Businesses as held for sale as of March 31, 2024. After completion of the sale of the Businesses in the second quarter of 2024, the Company recognized the remainder of the tax expense relating to the sale of the Businesses of 16.9 million. Other items increasing the tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 include 7.4 million of tax expense related to the Income Inclusion Rule under Pillar Two, as defined and discussed below, which significantly reduces the benefit from the tax holidays granted in Malaysia. The increase is partially offset by lower transaction costs capitalized for tax and a lower forecasted GILTI tax. 
 
 In October 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") introduced an inclusive framework to address tax challenges arising from the digitalization of the economy through a two-pillar solution. One of the components of the solution is the implementation of a global minimum corporate tax rate of 15 for large multinational corporations Pillar Two ). The OECD continues to release additional guidance on the two-pillar solution with implementation having begun, although the corresponding taxes are not currently payable until 2026. Under Pillar Two, the Income Inclusion Rule allows a country to look within its chain of ownership to entities not meeting the minimum tax rate requirement and include those results within the tax filings of the parent entity. Luxembourg recently enacted the Income Inclusion Rule under Pillar Two, thereby allowing them to impose a 15 tax on the earnings of the Company's Malaysian Subsidiary, which was earlier granted a tax holiday (see below). 
 
 The Aerospace and Industrial segments have a number of multi-year tax holidays in China, Malaysia and Singapore. The tax holiday in China expired at the end of 2023. The Company has re-applied for approval of the potential three-year holiday but does not expect notification of approval of the holiday until the end of 2024. Aerospace was granted an income tax holiday for operations recently established in Malaysia. This holiday commenced effective November 2020 (retroactively) and remains effective for a period of ten years. The Aerospace business was granted additional tax holidays in Singapore under the Pioneer program in the fourth quarter of 2022. This holiday provides reduced tax rates for certain Aerospace programs manufactured at the Singapore location and will continue through December 2025. All of the holidays are subject to the Company meeting certain commitments in the respective jurisdiction. 

33 

(Loss) Income and (Loss) Income per Share 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions, except per share) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Net (loss) income (2.1) (21.7) 19.6 (90.1) (47.0) 8.8 (55.8) (635.5) Net (loss) income per common share: Basic (0.04) (0.43) 0.39 (90.7) (0.92) 0.17 (1.09) (641.2) Diluted (0.04) (0.43) 0.39 (90.7) (0.92) 0.17 (1.09) (641.2) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 51.3 51.1 0.2 0.5 51.3 51.0 0.2 0.5 Diluted 51.3 51.1 0.2 0.5 51.3 51.2 0.1 0.1 
 
 Basic and diluted net loss per common share decreased from the three months period ended September 30, 2023 to September 30, 2024 due to a decrease in net loss during the period. Basic and diluted net income per common share decreased from the nine months period ended September 30, 2023 to a net loss for the nine months period ended September 30, 2024 due to a change from net income to net loss during the period. Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding were consistent for the periods and were only slightly impacted by the issuance of additional shares for employee stock plans. 

Financial Performance by Business Segment 
 
 Aerospace 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Sales 231.9 156.1 75.8 48.6 671.3 395.4 275.9 69.8 Operating profit 35.3 3.6 31.7 875.1 95.7 39.0 56.8 145.8 Operating margin 15.2 2.3 14.3 9.9 
 
 The Aerospace segment reported sales of 231.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, a 48.6 increase from the third quarter of 2023. Excluding MB Aerospace, organic sales increased by 26.7 within the Aftermarket business and decreased by 0.9 within the OEM business, relative to the comparable 2023 period. The acquisition of MB Aerospace provided incremental sales of 61.1 million within the segment during the third quarter of 2024, impacting both the OEM and Aftermarket businesses. The year-over-year increase in organic Aftermarket sales resulted from strong levels of airline traffic and aircraft utilization. Organic sales within the OEM business declined slightly during the third quarter of 2024 on a year-over-year basis. Foreign currencies increased net sales within the Aerospace segment by approximately 0.6 million as the U.S. dollar weakened against foreign currencies. During the first nine months of 2024, the Aerospace segment reported sales of 671.3 million, a 69.8 increase from the first nine months of 2023. Excluding MB Aerospace, organic sales increased by 4.7 and 23.2 within the OEM and Aftermarket businesses, respectively, relative to the comparable 2023 period, driven by volume growth within each of the Aerospace businesses. The acquisition of MB Aerospace provided incremental sales of 229.4 million within the segment during the first nine months of 2024, impacting both the OEM and Aftermarket businesses. Foreign currencies increased net sales within the Aerospace segment by approximately 0.6 million as the U.S. dollar weakened against foreign currencies. 
 
 Operating profit at Aerospace in the third quarter of 2024 increased 875.1 from the third quarter of 2023 to 35.3 million, largely a result of the contribution of higher organic sales volumes, inclusive of pricing, and the contribution of MB Aerospace sales. Lower short-term purchase accounting adjustments, lower restructuring and transformation related charges and the absence of 7.8 million in acquisition transaction costs incurred in the prior year period, and favorable productivity also benefited operating profit. Pre-tax charges related to restructuring and transformation approximated 0.4 million within the current period, compared with 3.9 million in the prior year period and short-term purchase accounting adjustments (amortization of customer backlog and inventory step-up) approximated 0.6 million within the current period, compared with 8.0 million in the prior year period. Operating margin increased from 2.3 in the 2023 period to 15.2 in the 2024 period, largely primarily as a result of the items described above. Operating profit in the first nine months of 2024 increased 145.8 from the first nine months of 2023 to 95.7 million, driven by the items described above, including the absence of 11.4 million 
 34 

of acquisition transaction costs. Pre-tax charges related to restructuring and transformation approximated 3.0 million within the current period, compared with 6.3 million in the prior year period and short-term purchase accounting adjustments approximated 3.5 million within the current period, compared with 8.0 million in the prior year period. Operating margin increased from 9.9 to 14.3 in the first nine months of 2024, largely as a result of the items noted above. 
 
 Outlook: 
 
 Sales in the Aerospace OEM business are based on the general state of the aerospace market driven by the global economy and are supported by its order backlog through participation in certain strategic commercial and defense-related engine and airframe programs. As noted earlier, the Company completed its acquisition of MB Aerospace during 2023. MB Aerospace represents a strategic fit for Barnes Aerospace, with highly complementary programs, global operations, technical capabilities, and product and service offerings. OEM sales have grown year-to-date in 2024 relative to the comparable 2023 period, as aircraft engine production volumes increased. The Company expects that the OEM business will see continued strength in demand for its manufactured components for both narrow body and wide body engines in the long-term. In the near term, the aerospace OEM component manufacturing industry may be pressured by lowered aircraft production rates at Boeing and Airbus, the delayed ramp of aircraft production, and impacts resulting from the Boeing strike. Supply chain challenges and lower labor productivity will have an impact on the timing of the production recovery. Aerospace management continues to work with customers to evaluate engine and airframe build schedules, giving management the ability to react timely to such changes. Management is working closely with suppliers to align raw material schedules with production requirements. 
 
 Management also remains focused on labor and supply chain constraints that continue to impact our business, executing long-term agreements, and expanding our share of production on key programs. Backlog at OEM, including that of the acquired MB Aerospace business, was 1,797.9 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 46 since December 31, 2023, at which time backlog was 1,233.6 million. Aerospace OEM business may also be impacted by changes in the content levels on certain platforms, changes in customer sourcing decisions, adjustments to customer inventory levels, labor and commodity availability (including the availability of commodities such as titanium sourced in Russia) and pricing, vendor sourcing capacity and the use of alternate materials. Additional impacts may include the redesign of parts, quantity of parts per engine, cost schedules agreed to under contract with the engine and airframe manufacturers, as well as the pursuit and duration of new programs. Fluctuations in fuel costs, interest rates, and potential changes in regulatory requirements could impact airlines' decisions on maintaining, deferring or canceling new aircraft purchases, in part based on the value associated with new fuel-efficient technologies and targets established by airlines to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
 
 The Aerospace Aftermarket business continues to demonstrate strong performance as airline traffic and aircraft utilization trends remain healthy. Domestic and international passenger traffic have improved with growth forecasted throughout 2024. Freight-related air traffic remains solid. Sales in the Aerospace Aftermarket business may continue to be impacted by inventory management and changes in customer sourcing, deferred or limited maintenance activity during engine shop visits and the use of surplus (used) material during the engine repair and overhaul process. Management believes that the Aerospace Aftermarket business continues to be competitively positioned based on well-established long-term customer relationships, including maintenance and repair contracts in the MRO business and long-term Revenue Sharing Programs ("RSPs") and Component Repair Programs ("CRPs"). The MRO business may also be impacted by airlines electing to closely manage their aftermarket costs as engine performance and quality improves. Fluctuations in fuel costs, interest rates and potential changes in regulatory requirements and their corresponding impacts on airline profitability and behaviors within the aerospace industry could also impact levels and frequency of aircraft maintenance and overhaul activities, and airlines' decisions on maintaining, deferring or canceling new aircraft purchases, in part based on the economics associated with new fuel-efficient technologies. Challenges experienced by aircraft OEMs to increase the delivery of new aircraft may serve to benefit our aftermarket business as older aircraft fill the need, especially as it relates to narrow-body platforms. 
 
 The Company remains focused on proactive cost management and improved productivity to mitigate continued pressure on operating profit. The segment continued to take restructuring actions throughout the first nine months of 2024. Aerospace will continue to explore additional productivity opportunities, including working closely with vendors and customers as it relates to the timing of deliveries and pricing initiatives. Also, management seeks additional opportunities to leverage cost and facility synergies from the integration of our legacy Aerospace business with MB Aerospace. In October 2024, the Company authorized restructuring actions related to manufacturing footprint optimization, including the consolidation of a manufacturing site and optimization of production (see Note 19). Management also remains focused on growth through strategic investments, acquisitions and new product and process introductions. Driving productivity continues as a key initiative. Operating profit may be impacted by changes in sales volume, mix and pricing, particularly as they relate to the higher profit Aftermarket RSP spare parts business, and investments made in each of its businesses. Operating profits may also be impacted by potential changes in tariffs, trade agreements and trade policies that may affect the cost and/or availability of goods and labor constraints. Costs associated with new product and process introductions, the physical transfer of work to other global regions, additional 
 35 

productivity initiatives and restructuring activities are expected to drive improved operating profit in the longer term, while potentially negatively impacting operating profit in the short-term. 

Industrial 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Sales 155.9 204.9 (49.0) (23.9) 529.4 640.0 (110.6) (17.3) Operating profit (loss) 6.5 6.4 0.1 2.1 (16.4) 20.3 (36.7) (180.5) Operating margin 4.2 3.1 (3.1) 3.2 
 
 Sales at Industrial were 155.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, a 49.0 million, or 23.9 , decrease from the third quarter of 2023. Organic sales increased by 1.3 million, or 0.6 , during the 2024 period, primarily driven by favorable pricing initiatives. Foreign currency increased sales on a year-over-year basis by approximately 1.5 million as the U.S. dollar weakened against foreign currencies. The Company completed the sale of the Businesses on April 4, 2024, reducing sales by 51.8 million during the third quarter of 2024. During the first nine months of 2024, this segment reported sales of 529.4 million, a 17.3 decrease from the first nine months of 2023. Organic sales decreased by 1.0 million, or 0.2 , during the 2024 period, primarily a result of lower volumes within the Force Motion Control (formerly Motion Control Solutions) and Automation businesses, partially offset by favorable pricing initiatives. Foreign currency decreased sales by approximately 0.2 million as the U.S. dollar strengthened against foreign currencies.The Company completed the sale of the Businesses on April 4, 2024, reducing sales by 109.4 million during the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 Operating profit at Industrial in the third quarter of 2024 increased 2.1 from the third quarter of 2023 to 6.5 million, largely a result of lower pre-tax restructuring and transformation related charges during the current year period, partially offset by lower organic sales volumes, unfavorable productivity, t he reduced profit contribution from the divestiture of the Businesses, and 1.5 million of divestiture transaction costs related to the sale of the Businesses. Pre-tax charges related to restructuring and transformation approximated 3.4 million within the current period, compared with 9.3 million in the prior year period. Favorable pricing and Barnes Transformation Office costs saving initiatives (described further below) also provided benefit to Industrial during the third quarter of 2024. Operating margin increased from 3.1 in the 2023 period to 4.2 in the 2024 period, primarily as a result of the decrease in pre-tax restructuring and transformation charges. The operating loss in the first nine months 2024 was 16.4 as compared to operating profit in the first nine months of 2023 of 20.3 million, primarily driven by a 53.7 million goodwill impairment charge recorded by the segment, partially offset by the 5.4 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of the Businesses. Lower pre-tax restructuring and transformation related charges also impacted operating profit in the nine months of 2024. Pre-tax restructuring and transformation related charges during the comparable first nine months of 2024 were 10.3 million as compared to 34.7 million incurred in the first nine months of 2023. These benefits were partially offset by 1.0 million of shareholder advisory costs that were allocated to the segment during the 2024 period and unfavorable productivity. Operating margin decreased from 3.2 in the 2023 period to (3.1) in the 2024 period, primarily a result of the items described above. 
 
 36 

Outlook: 
 
 At Industrial, management remains focused on generating organic sales growth through additional sales and marketing resources and expanded go-to-market strategies to leverage the Company's full product portfolio across customers and global industrial end-markets. Our business remains impacted by continuing headwinds including inflation and China weakness. In the third quarter, orders in China improved year-over-year as commercial actions taken in that market begin to gather momentum. From a macro environment standpoint, the manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index ("PMI") ended the quarter below 50 in the United States, Europe and China indicating contraction. Management closely monitors the impact of pricing changes and lead times on raw materials and freight, given the continued ongoing pressure of supply chain constraints. Following the April 2024 sale of the Businesses that serve the automotive component manufacturing end market, the outlook for global automotive production will not be as meaningful a metric moving forward. Orders within the tool die market were favorable year-over-year within the remaining Force Motion Control business. At our Molding Solutions business, orders for our multi-cavity molds improved year-over-year primarily on strength in the medical end market. Orders for our automotive hot runners improved driven by our commercial actions in China. Sales volumes at certain of our businesses is dependent upon the need for equipment used in plastic injection molding markets, which may be significantly influenced by the demand for plastic products, the capital investment needs of companies in the plastic injection molding and plastics processing industries, changes in technological advances and changes in laws or regulations such as those related to single-use plastics, product and packaging composition and recycling. Automation orders improved modestly on a year over-year basis, though we continue to see soft industry fundamentals. To the extent that the U.S. dollar fluctuates relative to other foreign currencies, our sales may be impacted relative to the prior year periods. The relative impact on operating profit is not expected to be as significant as the impact on sales as most of our businesses have expenses primarily denominated in local currencies, where their revenues reside, however operating margins may be impacted. Management is focused on sales growth through customer engagement, innovation and expanding geographic reach. Strategic investments in new technologies, manufacturing processes and product development are expected to provide benefits over the long term, and management continues to evaluate such opportunities. 
 
 The Company is focused on the proactive management of costs to increase competitiveness and productivity, and to mitigate the ongoing impacts of the current macroeconomic environments, including the continuing risks of supply chain constraints and broad-based inflation on operating profit. The Company continues to manage its cost structure to align with the intake of orders and sales given remaining uncertainty within certain end-markets. In 2022, management commenced a systematic multi-phased restructuring initiative (the "Actions") to significantly reduce costs and integrate the Company's operations, decreasing complexity and focusing on improved performance across Industrial. More specifically, the Company has announced restructuring programs (see Note 18 and 19 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements) to further reduce costs primarily within the Industrial segment, in response to the macroeconomic disruptions. These actions include organizational realignment including elimination of certain roles across several locations. 
 
 During 2023, we formed the Barnes Transformation Office to enable a more agile, responsive organization using standard tools, processes and systems. We are currently executing numerous transformation initiatives that support the acceleration of growth and profitability. We are advancing our manufacturing facility optimization through footprint rationalization with plant closures in Molding Solutions, Force Motion Control and several smaller underperforming technology and service centers in the Automation business. Management will continue to explore opportunities for additional cost savings, while working closely with vendors and customers as it relates to the timing of deliveries and pricing initiatives. Operating profit may continue to be impacted by changes in sales volume, mix and pricing, inflation, labor costs, utility cost, and the levels of investments in growth and innovation that are made within each of the Industrial businesses. Operating profit may also be impacted by enactment of or changes in tariffs, trade agreements and trade policies that may affect the cost, lead times and/or availability of goods, including but not limited to steel and aluminum. Costs associated with new product and process introductions, restructuring and other cost initiatives, and strategic investments may negatively impact operating profit. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Management assesses the Company's liquidity in terms of its overall ability to generate cash to fund its operating and investing activities. Of particular importance in the management of liquidity are cash flows generated from operating activities, capital expenditure levels, dividends, capital stock transactions, effective utilization of surplus cash positions overseas and adequate lines of credit. The Company currently maintains sufficient liquidity and will continue to evaluate ways to enhance its liquidity position as it navigates through the macroeconomic trends discussed above. 
 
 The Company believes that its ability to generate cash from operations in excess of its internal operating needs is one of its financial strengths. Management continues to focus on cash flow and working capital management, and anticipates that operating activities in 2024 will generate sufficient cash to fund operations. See additional discussion regarding currently 
 37 

available debt facilities below. The Company continues to invest within its businesses, with its estimate of 2024 capital spending to approximate 60 million. 
 
 On June 5, 2023, the Company entered into the Agreement with MB Aerospace Group Holdings Limited, a Cayman Islands limited company (the "Agreement"). In connection with entry into the Agreement, on June 5, 2023, the Company entered into the Second Amendment (the Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement and Amendment No. 2 ("Amendment No. 2") to Unsecured Credit Agreement to facilitate the acquisition of MB Aerospace Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation MB Aerospace ), along with such entity s subsidiaries (the Transaction ), as well as a commitment letter with Bank of America, N.A. and BofA Securities, Inc. (collectively, the Commitment Parties ), pursuant to which the Commitment Parties agreed to provide, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions contained therein, a 1,000.0 million backstop senior secured revolving credit facility and a 700.0 million senior secured 364-day bridge loan facility ("Bridge Loan Facility"). The Bridge Loan Facility was only intended to be drawn to the extent that the Company did not obtain alternative financing prior to the closing of the Transaction. The Company expensed fees of 9.5 million in conjunction with the Bridge Loan Facility and 1,000.0 million backstop senior secured revolving credit facility into interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income in the year ended December 31, 2023. On August 31, 2023 (the Acquisition Date ), pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company completed the Transaction for an aggregate purchase price of 728.4 million, subject to customary and specified closing adjustments, as set forth in the Agreement. Concurrently, the Company entered into a new Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement among the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, the issuing banks, lenders and other parties party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, as collateral agent and as swingline lender, which provides for senior secured financing of 1,650.0 million, consisting of a term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 650.0 million, with an original issue discount of 4.9 million, and a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Senior Facilities in an aggregate principal amount of up to 1,000.0 million, including a letter of credit sub-facility of up to 50.0 million. Proceeds of the loans borrowed under the Senior Facilities on the Acquisition Date, net of a 0.75 original issue discount on the Term Loan Facility, were used to fund, in part, the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, including the consummation of the Transaction, the repayment in full of the Notes, and to pay related fees and expenses. As of the Acquisition Date, the Revolving Credit Facility had outstanding borrowings in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 698.0 million. Proceeds of any loans under the Revolving Credit Facility borrowed after the Acquisition Date will be used for general corporate purposes. The Company paid fees and expenses of 3.1 million in conjunction with executing the Revolving Credit Facility. Such fees have been deferred within Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and will be amortized into interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income through the maturity of the Credit Agreement with the previously recorded debt issuance costs. The Company incurred 8.3 million of debt issuance costs in conjunction with executing the Term Loan Facility. Such fees have been recorded as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the Term Loan Facility and will be amortized into interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income through the maturity of the Term Loan Facility. Cash used to pay these fees was recorded through financing activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. On August 31, 2023, in connection with the Credit Agreement and the closing of the Transaction, the Bridge Loan Facility was terminated. 
 
 On March 19, 2024, the Company entered into a Refinancing Amendment Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement which replaced the outstanding principal amount of term loans under the Term Loan Facility (the Existing Term Loans with an equal amount of new term loans (the New Term Loans having substantially similar terms as the Existing Term Loans, except with respect the interest rate applicable to the New Term Loans and certain other provisions. The interest rate margin applicable to the New Term Loans was reduced to 1.50 , in the case of ABR loans, and 2.50 , in the case of Term SOFR loans (with the Term SOFR floor remaining at 0.0 ). The interest rate margin applicable to the Existing Term Loans was 2.00 , in the case of ABR loans, and 3.00 , in the case of Term SOFR loans. In addition, the Term SOFR adjustment applicable to the New Term Loans was reduced to 0.00 . The Term SOFR adjustment applicable to the Existing Term Loans was 0.10 . The Company recorded fees of 1.6 million in conjunction with Amendment No. 2 within interest expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income in the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 
 The Senior Facilities are guaranteed by each of the Company s wholly owned domestic subsidiaries and are secured by substantially all assets of the Company and of each subsidiary guarantor, in each case subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 Borrowings under the Senior Facilities bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option, either Term SOFR (subject to a 0.00 floor) or an alternate base rate ("ABR"), in each case plus an applicable margin of (i) in the case of borrowings under the Term Loan Facility, 2.50 for Term SOFR loans and 1.50 for ABR loans and (ii) in the case of borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, initially, 2.375 for Term SOFR loans and 1.375 for ABR loans. The applicable margin for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility varies depending on the Company s total net leverage ratio. At September 30, 2024, the applicable margin for borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility was 2.00 . The Company is also required to pay a commitment fee initially equal to 0.35 per annum to the lenders under the Revolving 
 38 

Credit Facility in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder. The commitment fee under the Revolving Credit Facility varies depending on the Company s total net leverage ratio. At September 30, 2024, the commitment fee under the Revolving Credit Facility was 0.275 . 
 
 The Term Loan Facility matures on the seven-year anniversary of the Acquisition Date and amortizes in equal quarterly installments 6.5 million annually), starting with the first full fiscal quarter after the Acquisition Date, of 0.25 of the initial principal amount. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on the five-year anniversary of the Acquisition Date. In addition, the Company is required to prepay outstanding loans under the Term Loan Facility, subject to certain exceptions, with up to 50 of the Company s annual excess cash flow (as defined under the Credit Agreement) in excess of the greater of 50.0 million and 15.0 of Adjusted Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) during the last twelve months ("LTM") as of the applicable time, and with up to 100 of the net cash proceeds of certain recovery events and non-ordinary course asset sales (which percentages vary depending on the Company s first lien secured net leverage ratio). 
 
 The Company may generally prepay outstanding loans under the Senior Facilities at any time, without prepayment premium or penalty, subject to customary breakage costs with respect to Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") loans. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility requires that the Company maintain a maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, initially of 5.50 to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter for which financials have been (or were required to be) delivered, commencing with the first full fiscal quarter after the Acquisition Date, stepping down to 4.00 to 1.00 over time. The Total Net Leverage Ratio is 5.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 thus limiting the available credit to 459.1 million. For material acquisitions in certain circumstances, such ratio may be increased by up to 0.50 to 1.00. The actual ratio, as defined, was 3.35 to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024. The Revolving Credit Facility also requires that the Company not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio as of the last day of any test period to be less than 3.00 to 1.00. The actual ratio, as defined, was 3.95 to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
 
 The Senior Facilities contain certain affirmative and negative covenants that limit the ability of the Company, among other things and subject to certain significant exceptions, to incur debt or liens, make investments, enter into certain mergers, consolidations, asset sales and acquisitions, pay dividends and make other restricted payments and enter into transactions with affiliates. The Senior Facilities also contain certain events of default, including relating to a change of control. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the Senior Facilities will be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the Senior Facilities. 
 
 On January 9, 2024, the Company entered into a Share Purchase and Asset Agreement ("SPA") with One Equity Partners ("OEP") to sell its Associated Spring and H nggi businesses (the "Businesses") for 175.0 million, subject to certain adjustments. These businesses operate within Force Motion Control business (formerly the Motion Control Solutions business). See Note 4 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure related to the sale of the Businesses that closed in April 2024, with the proceeds being used to repay debt. 
 
 The Company did not repurchase any shares of the Company's common stock during the first nine months of 2024 or 2023. Management will continue to evaluate additional repurchases based on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. See "Part II - Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds". 
 
 Operating cash flow may be supplemented with external borrowings to meet near-term business expansion needs and the Company's current financial commitments. The Company has assessed its credit facilities in conjunction with the Credit Agreement and currently expects that its bank syndicate, comprised of 10 banks, will continue to support its Revolving Credit Facility, which matures in August 2028. At September 30, 2024, the Company had 434.2 million unused and available for borrowings under its 1,000.0 million Revolving Credit Facility. At September 30, 2024, additional borrowings of 459.1 million of Total Debt would have been allowed under the financial covenants. The Company intends to use borrowings under its Revolving Credit Facility to support the Company's ongoing growth initiatives. In connection with the Merger, the Company may not incur more than 35.0 million in additional debt under its existing Revolving Credit Facility, lines of credit, and overdraft arrangements. Management remains focused on driving core business execution and financial performance via the planned integration and consolidation actions described above. The Company believes its credit facilities and access to capital markets, coupled with cash generated from operations, are adequate for its anticipated future requirements. See additional discussion above related to the Transaction and the Credit Agreement. The Company maintains communication with its bank syndicate as it continues to monitor its cash requirements. 
 
 The Company had no borrowings under short-term bank credit lines at September 30, 2024. 
 39 

On March 24, 2021, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (the "2021 Swap") with one bank that commenced on January 31, 2022 and that converted the interest on 100.0 million of the Company's one-month LIBOR-based borrowings from a variable rate plus the borrowing spread to a fixed rate of 1.17 plus the borrowing spread. Effective April 30, 2022, the Company amended the 2021 Swap (the "Amended 2021 Swap") such that the one-month SOFR-based borrowing rate replaced the one-month LIBOR-based borrowing rate. The Amended 2021 Swap, which will expire on January 30, 2026, converts the interest on 100.0 million of the Company's one-month SOFR-based borrowings from a variable rate plus the borrowing spread to a fixed rate of 1.075 plus the borrowing spread. 
 
 On July 19, 2023, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement (the "Euribor Swap") with one bank that commenced on July 31, 2023, which converts the interest on 150.0 million of the Company's Euribor-based borrowings from a variable rate plus the borrowing spread to a fixed rate of 3.257 plus the borrowing spread. Under the Euribor Swap, 50.0 million will expire on July 31, 2026, with the remaining balance of 100.0 million expiring July 31, 2028. On September 12, 2023, the Company entered into six additional interest rate swap agreements (the "2023 Swaps") with six different banks that commenced on September 29, 2023, which convert the interest on 600.0 million of the Company's one-month SOFR-based borrowings from a variable rate plus the borrowing spread to a blended fixed rate of 4.321 plus the borrowing spread. Under the 2023 Swaps, 50.0 million will expire on August 31, 2026, 100.0 million will expire on August 31, 2027, 200.0 million will expire on August 31, 2028, 50.0 million will expire on August 31, 2029 and the remaining balance of 200.0 million will expire on August 31, 2030. The execution of the interest rate swap agreements in 2023 did not have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow. These interest rate swap agreements (the "Swaps") are accounted for as cash flow hedges. At September 30, 2024, the Company's total borrowings were comprised of 76 fixed rate debt and 24 variable rate debt. At December 31, 2023, the Company's total borrowings were comprised of 67 fixed rate debt and 33 variable rate debt. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company held 80.7 million in cash and cash equivalents, the majority of which was held by foreign subsidiaries. These amounts have no material regulatory or contractual restrictions and, on a long-term basis, are expected to primarily fund international investments. 
 
 Cash Flow 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Operating activities 49.8 71.0 (21.2) Investing activities 119.4 (750.1) 869.5 Financing activities (178.0) 692.4 (870.3) Exchange rate effect (2.6) (2.2) (0.4) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (11.4) 11.1 (22.4) 
 
 Operating activities provided 49.8 million in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to 71.0 million in the first nine months of 2023. The 2024 period included a use of cash for working capital of 30.7 million, with 21.5 million reflecting growth in inventories, compared to the 2023 period, which included a use of cash for working capital of 25.6 million, with 8.7 million reflecting continued growth in inventories. Operating cash flows in the 2024 period were also negatively impacted by a 7.3 million increase in contract assets (included within Other current assets), divestiture-related tax payments and higher outflows related to severance payments and incentive compensation, whereas operating cash flows in the 2023 period benefited from higher inflows related to advanced payments from customers. 
 
 Investing activities provided 119.4 million in the first nine months of 2024 and used 750.1 million in the first nine months of 2023. Investing activities in the 2024 period primarily included capital expenditures of 41.8 million compared to 37.4 million in the 2023 period. Investing activities in the current period also included inflows of 0.2 million related to the MB Aerospace Acquisition (post-closing adjustments) and inflows of 160.9 million of proceeds related to the sale of the Businesses. Investing activities in the 2023 period included outflows of 718.8 million used to fund the MB Aerospace Acquisition. The Company expects capital spending in 2024 to approximate 60 million. 
 
 Financing activities in the first nine months of 2024 included a net decrease in borrowings of 151.1 million compared to a net increase in borrowings of 726.2 million in the comparable 2023 period. Total cash used to pay dividends was 24.4 million in the 2024 period and 24.3 million in the 2023 period. Financing cash flows during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 also 
 40 

included 1.1 million and 6.3 million of payments, respectively, resulting from the settlement of foreign currency hedges related to intercompany financing. 

OTHER MATTERS 
 
 The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The most significant areas involving management judgments and estimates are described in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Actual results could differ from those estimates. There have been no material changes to such judgments and estimates. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets: Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to impairment testing annually or earlier if an event or change in circumstances indicates that the fair value of a reporting unit has been reduced below its carrying value. Management completes the Company's annual impairment assessments during the second quarter of each year as of April 1. The Company utilizes the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the Step 1 quantitative goodwill impairment test in accordance with the applicable accounting standards. Under the qualitative assessment, management considers relevant events and circumstances including but not limited to macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall reporting unit performance and events directly affecting a reporting unit. If the Company determines that the Step 1 quantitative impairment test is required, management estimates the fair value of the reporting unit using a discounted cash flow model (a form of the income approach), a market approach, or both. Inherent in management s development of cash flow projections under the income approach are assumptions and estimates, including those related to future earnings and growth rates and the weighted average cost of capital. Pursuant to the market approach, management considers readily available market information, including comparable public company earnings multiples relative to the performance of the Company's businesses. The Company compares the fair value of the reporting unit with the carrying value of the reporting unit. If the fair values were to fall below the carrying values, the Company would recognize a non-cash impairment charge to income from operations for the amount by which the carrying amount of any reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, assuming the loss recognized does not exceed the total amount of goodwill for the reporting unit. 
 
 During the second quarter, management completed the Company's annual impairment assessment of goodwill as of April 1, 2024. Based on qualitative assessments, management concluded that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of each of the Company s reporting units was below its respective carrying value, except for the Automation reporting unit. Therefore, management performed a Step 1 quantitative assessment for the Automation reporting unit. In estimating the fair value of the Automation reporting unit, management evaluated readily available end market information, including earnings multiples, from comparable public companies that also operate within the automation sector. Management s assessment resulted in a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of 53.7 million related to the Automation reporting unit as the estimated fair value of the reporting unit declined below its carrying value. The reduction of fair value was primarily the result of lower projections for the reporting unit, consistent with a reduction of forecasted growth trends within the broader automation market. A decline in projections was largely due to uncertainty in the broader industrial manufacturing markets, partially restricting the significant capital expenditures required for such investments in automation. A significant level of reliance on the automotive sector and corresponding delays in model change releases, more specifically, also negatively impacted the fair value of the Automation reporting unit. The goodwill impairment charge was recorded during the three-month period ended June 30, 2024. The Company also completed its annual impairment testing of its indefinite-lived intangible assets, in the second quarter of 2024 and determined that there were no impairments. 
 
 Many of the factors used in estimating fair value are outside the control of management, and these assumptions and estimates can change in future periods as a result of both Company-specific and overall economic conditions, including the impacts of inflationary pressures, increased interest rates and global supply chain constraints, amongst others. Estimating the fair value of individual reporting units also requires that management make continued assumptions and estimates regarding future plans and strategies, in addition to the consideration of economic, geopolitical and regulatory conditions. Management s quantitative assessment included a detailed review of comparable peer group data of companies that operate within similar end markets of our respective reporting units. Management is also focused on the potential impacts of current and projected market conditions from a market participant s perspective on reporting units projected cash flows, growth rates and cost of capital. In the event there are future adverse changes in market/sector trends, comparable public company earnings multiples, estimated future cash 
 41 

flows and/or changes in key assumptions, including but not limited to discount rates, revenue growth or margins, and/or terminal growth rates, we may be required to record additional non-cash impairment charges to Automation goodwill. As noted, the Company used readily available market information in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit, including, but not limited to, the use of earnings multiples. The goodwill related to the Automation reporting unit as of September 30, 2024 was 146.5 million. A one-time (1x) reduction in the assumed earnings multiple that was used within the fair value assessment would result in an incremental impairment of approximately 15 of the goodwill related to the Automation reporting unit. Following the goodwill impairment in June 2024, there is no excess of reporting unit fair value over the carrying amount, as the carrying value was reduced to fair value. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 Organic sales and Organic Sales growth are measures that are not in accordance with generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or U.S. GAAP ). Organic sales and Organic sales growth (decrease) represent the total reported sales and total reported sales increase, respectively, within the Company s ongoing businesses, less the impacts of foreign currency translation and the sales related to any acquisitions or divestitures that were completed within the preceding twelve months. Management believes organic sales and organic sales growth provide an indication of baseline revenue performance and growth. While organic sales and organic sales growth do not constitute U.S. GAAP measures, nor are they substitutes for a U.S. GAAP measures, we believe these Non-GAAP metrics provide useful information to readers in understanding the ongoing operating performance of the Company. Readers should consider non-GAAP measures in addition to, not as a substitute for, or as superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 42 

Organic Sales (in millions) and Organic Sales Growth (Decrease): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Organic Sales Growth (Decrease) ) Organic Sales Growth (Decrease) ) Aerospace Net sales (GAAP) 231.9 156.1 48.6 Acquisition sales (1) 
 (61.1) (39.1) Foreign currency translation (0.6) (0.4) Organic sales (Non-GAAP) 170.2 156.1 14.1 9.0 OEM Net sales (GAAP) 137.8 99.9 37.9 Acquisition sales (1) 
 (38.2) (38.2) Foreign currency translation (0.6) (0.6) Organic sales (Non-GAAP) 99.0 99.9 (0.9) (0.9) Aftermarket Net sales (GAAP) 94.1 56.2 67.4 Acquisition sales (1) 
 (22.9) (40.7) Foreign currency translation Organic sales (Non-GAAP) 71.2 56.2 15.0 26.7 Industrial Net sales (GAAP) 155.9 204.9 (23.9) Divestiture sales (2) 
 (51.8) 25.3 Foreign currency translation (1.5) (0.7) Organic sales (Non-GAAP) 154.4 153.1 1.3 0.6 Total Company Net sales 387.8 361.0 7.4 Acquisition sales (1) 
 (61.1) (16.9) Divestiture sales (2) 
 (51.8) 14.3 Foreign currency translation (2.1) (0.6) Organic sales 324.6 309.2 15.4 4.3 
 
 43 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Organic Sales Growth (Decrease) ) Organic Sales Growth (Decrease) ) Aerospace Net sales (GAAP) 671.3 395.4 69.8 Acquisition sales (1) 
 (229.4) (58.0) Foreign currency translation (0.6) (0.2) Organic sales (Non-GAAP) 441.3 395.4 45.9 11.6 OEM Net sales (GAAP) 405.0 248.0 63.3 Acquisition sales (1) 
 (144.8) (58.4) Foreign currency translation (0.6) (0.2) Organic sales (Non-GAAP) 259.6 248.0 11.6 4.7 Aftermarket Net sales (GAAP) 266.2 147.4 80.6 Acquisition sales (1) 
 (84.6) (57.4) Foreign currency translation Organic sales (Non-GAAP) 181.6 147.4 34.2 23.2 Industrial Net sales (GAAP) 529.4 640.0 (17.3) Divestiture sales (2) 
 (109.4) 17.1 Foreign currency translation 0.2 Organic sales (Non-GAAP) 529.6 530.6 (1.0) (0.2) Total Company Net sales (GAAP) 1,200.7 1,035.3 16.0 Acquisition sales (1) 
 (229.4) (22.2) Divestiture sales (2) 
 (109.4) 10.6 Foreign currency translation (0.4) Organic sales (Non-GAAP) 970.9 925.9 45.0 4.3 
 (1) "Acquisition sales" includes the net sales contributed by MB Aerospace from July 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 and from January 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024, during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The acquisition of MB Aerospace was completed on August 31, 2023. See Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) "Divestiture sales" includes the net sales contributed by the divested businesses from July 1, 2023 through September 30, 2023 and from April 4, 2023 through September 30, 2023, during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements often address our expected future operating and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as anticipate, believe, expect, plan, estimate, project, continue, will, should, may, and similar terms. These forward-looking statements do not constitute guarantees of future performance and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among others: the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement pursuant to which the Company has agreed to be acquired by funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (the Merger or extend the anticipated timetable for completion of the Merger; the failure to obtain approval of the proposed Merger from the Company s shareholders or certain required regulatory approvals or the failure to satisfy any of the other closing conditions to the completion of the Merger within the expected timeframes or at all; risks related 
 44 

to disruption of management s attention from the Company s ongoing business operations due to the Merger; the risk of any unexpected costs or expenses resulting from the Merger the risk of any litigation relating to the Merger the effect of the announcement of the Merger on the ability of the Company to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with its customers, suppliers and others with whom it does business, or on its operating results and business generally; the Company s ability to manage economic, business and geopolitical conditions, including rising interest rates, global price inflation and shortages impacting the availability of materials; the duration and severity of unforeseen events such as an epidemi c or a pandemic, including their impacts across our business on demand, supply chains, operations and liquidity; failure to successfully negotiate collective bargaining agreements or potential strikes, work stoppages or other similar events; changes in market demand for our products and services; rapid technological and market change; the ability to protect and avoid infringing upon intellectual property rights; challenges associated with the introduction or development of new products or transfer of work; higher risks in global operations and markets; the impact of intense competition; the physical and operational risks from natural disasters, severe weather events, and climate change which may limit accessibility to sufficient water resources, outbreaks of contagious diseases and other adverse public health developments; acts of war, terrorism and other international conflicts; the failure to achieve anticipated cost savings and benefits associated with workforce reductions and restructuring actions; currency fluctuations and foreign currency exposure; impacts from goodwill impairment and related charges; our dependence upon revenues and earnings from a small number of significant customers; a major loss of customers; inability to realize expected sales or profits from existing backlog due to a range of factors, including changes in customer sourcing decisions, material changes, production schedules and volumes of specific programs; the impact of government budget and funding decisions; our ability to successfully integrate and achieve anticipated synergies associated with recently announced and future acquisitions, including the acquisition of MB Aerospace; government-imposed sanctions, tariffs, trade agreements and trade policies; changes or uncertainties in laws, regulations, rates, policies or interpretations that impact the Company s business operations or tax status, including those that address climate change, environmental, health and safety matters, and the materials processed by our products or their end markets; fluctuations in the pricing or availability of raw materials, freight, transportation, energy, utilities and other items required by our operations; labor shortages or other business interruptions at transportation centers, shipping ports, our suppliers facilities or our facilities; disruptions in information technology systems, including as a result of cybersecurity attacks or data security breaches; the ability to hire and retain senior management and qualified personnel; the continuing impact of prior acquisitions and divestitures, and any ongoing and future strategic actions, and our ability to achieve the financial and operational targets set in connection with any such actions; the ability to achieve social and environmental performance goals; the outcome of pending and future litigation and governmental proceedings; the impact of actual, potential or alleged defects or failures of our products or third-party products within which our products are integrated, including product liabilities, product recall costs and uninsured claims; future repurchases of common stock; future levels of indebtedness; the impact of shareholder activism; and other risks and uncertainties described in documents filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC by the Company, including, among others, those in the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors sections of the Company's filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 For discussion of the Company s exposure to market risk, refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to such risk during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon, and as of the date of, that evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in all material respects, and designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files and submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), as amended, is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the Company's third quarter of 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 45 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are subject to litigation from time to time in the ordinary course of business and various other suits, proceedings and claims are pending against us and our subsidiaries. While it is not possible to determine the ultimate disposition of each of these proceedings and whether they will be resolved consistent with our beliefs, we expect that the outcome of these proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, cash flows or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The Company s business, financial condition and operating results may be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited, to those described in Part I, Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Any of the risks described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 could, directly or indirectly, cause the Company s actual financial condition and operating results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and operating results. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. 
 
 Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes in the Company s risk factors from those disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Risks Related to the Proposed Merger 
 
 The announcement and pendency of the proposed acquisition of the Company could adversely impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 On October 6, 2024, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Goat Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Parent ), and Goat Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent Merger Sub , funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc. , pursuant to and subject to the terms of which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the Merger ). Uncertainty about the effect of the Merger on the Company s employees, customers, and other parties may have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operation regardless of whether the Merger is completed. These risks to the Company s business include the following, all of which could be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the Merger: 
 
 the impairment of the Company s ability to attract, retain, and motivate its employees, including key personnel; 
 
 the diversion of significant management time and resources towards the completion of the Merger; 
 
 difficulties maintaining relationships with customers, suppliers, and other business partners; 
 
 delays or deferments of certain business decisions by the Company s customers, suppliers, and other business partners; 
 
 the inability to pursue alternative business opportunities or make changes to the Company s business because the Merger Agreement requires the Company to use reasonable best efforts to conduct its business in the ordinary course in all material respects, use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve its business organization intact and maintain existing relations with key customers, suppliers, lenders, partners, officers, employees, governmental entities and other third parties with whom the Company and its subsidiaries have significant business relationships or regulatory relationships, and refrain from taking certain actions without Parent s consent prior to the completion of the Merger; 
 
 litigation relating to the Merger and the costs related thereto; and 
 
 the occurrence of significant costs, expenses, and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the Merger. 
 
 Litigation relating to the Merger may be filed against the Company and its Board of Directors, which could prevent or delay the completion of the Merger or result in the payment of damages. 
 
 46 

Litigation relating to the Merger may be filed against the Company and its Board of Directors. Among other remedies, these claimants could seek damages and/or to enjoin the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The outcome of any litigation is uncertain and any such lawsuits could prevent or delay the completion of the Merger and result in significant costs. Any such actions may create uncertainty relating to the Merger and may be costly and distracting to management. 
 
 Failure to consummate the Merger within the expected timeframe or at all could adversely impact the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The completion of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary mutual closing conditions, including (a) the adoption of the Merger Agreement by holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company common stock, (b) the absence of any injunction by any court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, or adoption of any law, that prohibits or makes the consummation of the Merger illegal and (c) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, European Union approval under the EC Council Regulation No 139/2004, and the receipt of certain other regulatory approvals . The obligation of each party to consummate the Merger is also conditioned upon certain unilateral closing conditions, including the other party s representations and warranties being accurate (subject to certain customary materiality exceptions) and the other party having in all material respects performed and complied with its covenants in the Merger Agreement. There can be no assurance that these conditions will be satisfied in a timely manner or at all or that the Merger will be completed. 
 
 If the Merger is not completed, including as a result of the Company s stockholders failing to adopt the Merger Agreement, the Company s stockholders will not receive any payment for their shares in connection with the Merger. Instead, the Company will remain an independent public company, and the shares will continue to be traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The Company s ongoing business may be materially adversely affected and the Company would be subject to a number of risks, including the following: 
 
 the Company may experience negative publicity, which could have an adverse effect on its ongoing operations including, but not limited to, retaining and attracting customers, suppliers, and other business partners; 
 
 the Company would incur significant costs in future periods relating to the Merger, such as legal, accounting, financial advisor, printing and other professional services fees, which may relate to activities that the Company would not have undertaken other than to complete the Merger; 
 
 the Merger Agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of the Company s business, which may have delayed or prevented the Company from undertaking business opportunities that, absent the Merger Agreement, it may have pursued. 
 
 If the Merger is not consummated, the risks described above may materialize and they may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business operations, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price, especially to the extent that the current market price of the Company s common stock reflects an assumption that the Merger will be completed. 
 
 The Merger Agreement contains a termination fee and restrictions on solicitation that limit our ability to pursue alternatives to the Merger. 
 
 Under the Merger Agreement, the Company is restricted from soliciting, initiating, seeking, or knowingly encouraging or facilitating alternative acquisition proposals from third parties, and/or providing non-public information to third parties relating to any inquiries, proposals or offers that would reasonably be expected to lead to certain transactions involving a third party, including a merger, business combination or similar transaction, subject to specified exceptions. The Merger Agreement also contains customary termination provisions for both us and Parent, including the right of the Company to terminate the Merger Agreement to accept a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement), subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, and provides that, in connection with the termination of the Merger Agreement by the Company to enter into an alternative acquisition agreement providing for a Superior Proposal and in certain other circumstances, we will pay Parent a cash termination fee of 85 million. Payment of a termination fee may require the Company to use available cash that would have otherwise been available for general corporate purposes or other uses and could affect the structure, pricing and terms proposed by a third party seeking to acquire or merge with the Company or deter such third party from making a competing acquisition proposal. 
 
 47 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (b) Average Price Paid Per Share (or Unit) (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) 
 Maximum Number of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 July 1-31, 2024 10,377 41.93 3,404,000 August 1-31, 2024 17,404 37.75 3,404,000 September 1-30, 2024 4,411 35.35 3,404,000 Total 32,192 (1) 
 38.77 
 
 (1) All acquisitions of equity securities during the third quarter of 2024 were the result of the operation of the terms of the Company's stockholder-approved equity compensation plans and the terms of the equity rights granted pursuant to those plans to pay for the related income tax upon issuance of shares. The purchase price of a share of stock used for tax withholding is the market price on the date of issuance. 
 
 (2) At March 31, 2019, 1.5 million shares of common stock had not been purchased under the publicly announced Repurchase Program (the Program ). On April 25, 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company increased the number of shares authorized for repurchase under the Program by 3.5 million shares of common stock (5.0 million authorized, in total). The Program permits open market purchases, purchases under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan and privately negotiated transactions. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Refer to the Exhibit Index immediately following this page. 
 48 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Barnes Group Inc. 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarter ended September 30, 2024 
 Exhibit No. Description Reference 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 6, 2024, by and among Goat Holdco, LLC, Goat Merger Sub, Inc. and Barnes Group Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company on October 7, 2024. 
 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed with this report. 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed with this report. 32 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Furnished with this report. Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Filed with this report. Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed with this report. Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed with this report. Exhibit 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Filed with this report. Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Filed with this report. Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed with this report. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted is Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed with this report. 

49 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Barnes Group Inc. 
 (Registrant) 
 Date: 
 October 29, 2024 /s/ JULIE K. STREICH 
 Julie K. Streich 
 Senior Vice President, Finance 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) Date: 
 October 29, 2024 /s/ TROY W. INGIANNI 
 Troy W. Ingianni 
 Vice President, Global Controller 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bex31109302024.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002.

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Thomas J. Hook, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Barnes Group Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s THOMAS J. HOOK Thomas J. Hook President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bex31209302024.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002.

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Julie K. Streich, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Barnes Group Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date October 29, 2024 
 s JULIE K. STREICH Julie K. Streich Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 bex3209302024.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Barnes Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that 
 
 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s THOMAS J. HOOK 
 s JULIE K. STREICH 
 Thomas J. Hook 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 October 29, 2024 
 Julie K. Streich 
 Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
 October 29, 2024 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in the typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Barnes Group Inc. and will be retained by Barnes Group Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 b-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 b-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 b-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 b-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 b-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

