<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_351569_0000351569-24-000039.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19003099</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>154920</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1858928</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10307986</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2963576</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3094038</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000351569-24-000039.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108162603
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000351569-24-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ameris Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000351569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				581456434
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13901
		FILM NUMBER:		241441003

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3490 PIEDMONT RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1550
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4046396500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3490 PIEDMONT RD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1550
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ABC BANCORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ABC HOLDING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000351569-24-000039.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 abcb-20240930.htm
 10-Q

abcb-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of incorporation) (IRS Employer ID No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 There were shares of Common Stock outstanding as of November 4, 2024. 

AMERIS BANCORP 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 20 23 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended Se ptember 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the N ine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 38 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 59 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 60 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 61 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 61 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 61 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 61 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 61 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 62 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 63 
 Signatures 
 64 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 (unaudited) December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits in banks Cash and cash equivalents Debt securities available-for-sale, at fair value, net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Debt securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses of and (fair value of and 
 Other investments Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans, net of unearned income Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net Other real estate owned, net Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Cash value of bank owned life insurance Other assets Total assets Liabilities Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Other borrowings Subordinated deferrable interest debentures Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 
 ; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value ; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively 
 Capital surplus Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income Interest and fees on loans Interest on taxable securities Interest on nontaxable securities Interest on deposits in other banks and federal funds sold Total interest income Interest expense Interest on deposits Interest on other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses Provision for unfunded commitments ) ) ) ) Provision for other credit losses ) ) ) Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Service charges on deposit accounts Mortgage banking activity Other service charges, commissions and fees Net gain (loss) on securities ) ) ) Other noninterest income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and communications expenses Credit resolution-related expenses ) ) ) Advertising and marketing Amortization of intangible assets Loan servicing expense Other noninterest expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Net unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period on debt securities available-for-sale, net of tax expense (benefit) of , ), and ) 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of restricted shares ) Forfeitures of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Purchase of treasury shares Net income Dividends on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income during the period Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of restricted shares ) Issuance of common shares pursuant to PSU agreements ) Forfeitures of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Net income Dividends on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income during the period Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 

3 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of restricted shares ) Forfeitures of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Share-based compensation Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Net income Dividends on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss during the period ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of restricted shares ) Issuance of common shares pursuant to PSU agreements ) Forfeitures of restricted shares ) ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Net income Dividends on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting for credit losses Other comprehensive loss during the period ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments reconciling net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation Net losses on sale or disposal of premises and equipment Provision for credit losses Net write-downs and (gains) losses on sale of other real estate owned ) ) Share-based compensation expense Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of operating lease right of use assets Provision for deferred taxes ) ) Net accretion of debt securities available-for-sale ) ) Net accretion of debt securities held-to-maturity ) ) Net amortization of other investments Net (gain) loss on securities ) Net amortization (accretion) of fair value marks on purchased loans ) Net amortization on other borrowings Amortization of subordinated deferrable interest debentures Originations of mortgage loans held for sale ) ) Payments received on mortgage loans held for sale Proceeds from sales of mortgage loans held for sale Net (gains) losses on mortgage loans held for sale ) Originations of SBA loans ) ) Proceeds from sales of SBA loans Net gains on sale of SBA loans ) ) Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance ) ) Gain on bank owned life insurance proceeds ) ) Gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights ) Gain on debt redemption ) ) Change attributable to other operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Purchases of debt securities available-for-sale ) ) Purchases of debt securities held-to-maturity ) ) Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of debt securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales of debt securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities and paydowns of debt securities held-to-maturity Net decrease in other investments Net increase in loans ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Proceeds from sale of mortgage servicing rights Purchases of bank owned life insurance ) Proceeds from bank owned life insurance Net cash used in investing activities ) ) (Continued) 
 
 5 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 (dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Financing Activities Net increase in deposits Proceeds from other borrowings Repayment of other borrowings ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Dividends paid - common stock ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Cash paid (received) during the period for: Interest Income taxes Loans transferred to other real estate owned Loans transferred from loans held for sale to loans held for investment Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Change in unrealized loss on securities available-for-sale, net of tax ) (Concluded) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

AMERIS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 September 30, 2024 

branches in select markets in Georgia, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina. Our business model capitalizes on the efficiencies of a large financial services company, while still providing the community with the personalized banking service expected by our customers. We manage our Bank through a balance of decentralized management responsibilities and efficient centralized operating systems, products and loan underwriting standards. The Company s Board of Directors and senior managers establish corporate policy, strategy and administrative policies. Within our established guidelines and policies, the banker closest to the customer responds to the differing needs and demands of his or her unique market. 

7 

) U.S. government-sponsored agencies ) State, county and municipal securities ) Corporate debt securities ) ) SBA pool securities ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Total debt securities available-for-sale ) ) December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasuries ) U.S. government-sponsored agencies ) State, county and municipal securities ) Corporate debt securities ) ) SBA pool securities ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Total debt securities available-for-sale ) ) 
 
 8 

) Mortgage-backed securities ) Total debt securities held-to-maturity ) December 31, 2023 State, county and municipal securities ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Total debt securities held-to-maturity ) 
 
 Due from one year to five years Due from five to ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities 
 
 Securities with a carrying value of approximately million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, serve as collateral to secure public deposits and for other purposes required or permitted by law. 
 
 ) ) U.S. government-sponsored agencies ) ) State, county and municipal securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) SBA pool securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total debt securities available-for-sale ) ) ) December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasuries ) ) ) U.S. government sponsored agencies ) ) State, county and municipal securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) SBA pool securities ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) Total debt securities available-for-sale ) ) ) 
 9 

securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. At September 30, 2024, the Company held mortgage-backed securities that were in an unrealized loss position, all of which were issued by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies. At September 30, 2024, the Company held U.S. Small Business Administration SBA pool securities, state, county and municipal securities, corporate securities, U.S. government-sponsored agency security, and U.S. Treasury securities that were in an unrealized loss position. 
 
 ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total debt securities held-to-maturity ) ) ) December 31, 2023 State, county and municipal securities ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total debt securities held-to-maturity ) ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s held-to-maturity security portfolio consisted of securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. At September 30, 2024, the Company held mortgage-backed securities and state, county and municipal securities that were in an unrealized loss position. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, all of the Company s mortgage-backed securities were obligations of government-sponsored agencies. 
 
 Management and the Company s Asset and Liability Committee (the ALCO Committee evaluate available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation, to determine if credit-related impairment exists. Management first evaluates whether they intend to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell an impaired security before recovering its amortized cost basis. If either criteria is met, the entire amount of unrealized loss is recognized in earnings with a corresponding adjustment to the security's amortized cost basis. If either of the above criteria is not met, management evaluates whether the decline in fair value is attributable to credit or resulted from other factors. The Company does not intend to sell these available-for-sale investment securities at an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2024, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery or maturity. Based on the results of management's review, at September 30, 2024, management determined that was attributable to credit impairment and an allowance for credit losses was recorded. million in unrealized loss was determined to be from factors other than credit. 
 
 Provision for other credit losses ) ) ) Ending balance 
 
 The Company's held-to-maturity securities have expected credit losses, and related allowance for credit losses has been established. 
 
 10 

Gross losses on sales of securities Net realized gains (losses) on sales of debt securities available for sale Sales proceeds ) ) Net realized gains on sales of other investments Net gain (loss) on securities ) ) ) 

Consumer Indirect automobile Mortgage warehouse Municipal Premium finance Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on loans is reported in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets totaling million and million and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company had no recorded allowance for credit losses related to accrued interest on loans at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Nonaccrual and Past-Due Loans 
 
 A loan is placed on nonaccrual status when, in management s judgment, the collection of the interest income appears doubtful. Interest receivable that has been accrued and is subsequently determined to have doubtful collectability is charged to interest income. Interest on loans that are classified as nonaccrual is subsequently applied to principal until the loans are returned to accrual status. The Company s loan policy states that a nonaccrual loan may be returned to accrual status when (i) none of its principal and interest is due and unpaid, and the Company expects repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest, or (ii) it otherwise becomes well secured and in the process of collection. Restoration to accrual status on any given loan must be supported by a well-documented credit evaluation of the borrower s financial condition and the prospects for full repayment, approved by the Company s Chief Credit Officer. Past-due loans are loans whose principal or interest is past due 30 days or more. In some cases, where borrowers are experiencing financial difficulties, loans may be restructured to provide terms significantly different from the original contractual terms. 
 
 11 

Consumer Indirect automobile Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential (1) 
 
 (1) Included in real estate - residential were million and million of serviced GNMA-guaranteed nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was material. 
 
 Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential 
 
 12 

Consumer Indirect automobile Mortgage warehouse Municipal Premium finance Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total December 31, 2023 Commercial, financial and agricultural Consumer Indirect automobile Mortgage warehouse Municipal Premium finance Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 Collateral-Dependent Loans 
 
 Collateral-dependent loans are loans where repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. If the Company determines that foreclosure is probable, these loans are written down to the lower of cost or fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell. When repayment is expected to be from the operation of the collateral, the allowance for credit losses is calculated as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the financial asset exceeds the present value of expected cash flows from the operation of the collateral. The Company may, in the alternative, measure the allowance for credit loss as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the financial asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the collateral. 
 
 13 

Premium finance Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 The Company uses a five category risk grading system to assign a risk grade to each loan in the portfolio. The following is a description of the general characteristics of the grades: 
 
 Pass These loans range from minimal to acceptable credit risk to the Company based on factors including creditworthiness of the borrower, current performance and nature of the collateral. 
 
 Other Assets Especially Mentioned ("Special Mention") This grade includes loans that exhibit potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the Company s credit position at some future date. 
 
 Substandard This grade represents loans which are inadequately protected by the current credit worthiness and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged, if any. These assets exhibit a well-defined weakness or are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. These weaknesses may be characterized by past due performance, operating losses or questionable collateral values. 
 
 Doubtful This grade includes loans which exhibit all of the characteristics of a substandard loan with the added provision that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable or improbable. 
 
 Loss This grade is assigned to loans which are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as active assets of the Bank is not warranted. This classification does not mean that the loan has absolutely no recovery or salvage value, but rather it is not practical or desirable to defer writing it off. 
 
 loans risk graded doubtful or loss at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 14 

Special mention Substandard Total commercial, financial and agricultural Current-period gross charge offs Consumer Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Total consumer Current-period gross charge offs Indirect Automobile Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Total indirect automobile Current-period gross charge offs Mortgage Warehouse Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Total mortgage warehouse Current-period gross charge offs Municipal Risk Grade: Pass Total municipal Current-period gross charge offs Premium Finance Risk Grade: Pass Substandard Total premium finance Current-period gross charge offs 
 15 

Special mention Substandard Total real estate construction and development Current-period gross charge offs Real Estate Commercial and Farmland Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Total real estate commercial and farmland Current-period gross charge offs Real Estate - Residential Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Total real estate - residential Current-period gross charge offs Total Loans Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Total loans Total current-period gross charge offs 
 
 16 

Special mention Substandard Total commercial, financial and agricultural Consumer Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Total consumer Indirect Automobile Risk Grade: Pass Substandard Total indirect automobile Mortgage Warehouse Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Total mortgage warehouse Municipal Risk Grade: Pass Total municipal Premium Finance Risk Grade: Pass Substandard Total premium finance 
 17 

Special mention Substandard Total real estate construction and development Real Estate Commercial and Farmland Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Total real estate commercial and farmland Real Estate - Residential Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Total real estate - residential Total Loans Risk Grade: Pass Special mention Substandard Total loans 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 
 The allowance for credit losses represents an allowance for expected losses over the remaining contractual life of the assets. The contractual term does not consider extensions, renewals or modifications. The Company segregates the loan portfolio by type of loan and utilizes this segregation in evaluating exposure to risks within the portfolio. 
 
 Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the collection of a loan s principal is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries are credited to the allowance. Consumer loans are charged off in accordance with the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council s (the FFIEC Uniform Retail Credit Classification and Account Management Policy. Commercial loans are charged off when they are deemed uncollectible, which usually involves a triggering event within the collection effort. If the loan is collateral dependent, the loss is more easily identified and is charged off when it is identified, usually based upon receipt of an appraisal. However, when a loan has guarantor support, the Company may carry the estimated loss as a reserve against the loan while collection efforts with the guarantor are pursued. If, after collection efforts with the guarantor are complete, the deficiency is still considered uncollectible, the loss is charged off and any further collections are treated as recoveries. In all situations, when a loan is downgraded to an Asset Quality Rating of Loss, the uncollectible portion is charged off. 
 
 The Company s methodologies for estimating the allowance for credit losses consider available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The methodologies apply historical loss information, adjusted for asset-specific characteristics, economic conditions at the measurement date, and forecasts about future economic conditions expected to exist through the contractual lives of the financial assets that are reasonable and supportable, to the identified pools of loans with similar risk characteristics for which 
 18 

and the downside 75th percentile S-2 scenario was weighted at . The allowance for credit losses was determined at December 31, 2023 solely using the Moody's baseline scenario economic forecast. The current forecast reflects, among other things, an increase in forecast levels of multifamily rental vacancies and unemployment, partially offset by a decrease in the severity of commercial real estate price index decline compared with the forecast at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Provision for loan losses ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, September 30, 2024 Real Estate Construction and Development Real Estate Commercial and Farmland Real Estate Residential Total Balance, June 30, 2024 Provision for loan losses ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands) Commercial, Financial and Agricultural Consumer Indirect Automobile Mortgage Warehouse Municipal Premium Finance Balance, December 31, 2023 Provision for loan losses ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, September 30, 2024 Real Estate Construction and Development Real Estate Commercial and Farmland Real Estate Residential Total Balance, December 31, 2023 Provision for loan losses ) Loans charged off ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 19 

Provision for loan losses ) ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, September 30, 2023 Real Estate Construction and Development Real Estate Commercial and Farmland Real Estate Residential Total Balance, June 30, 2023 Provision for loan losses Loans charged off ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Commercial, Financial and Agricultural Consumer Indirect Automobile Mortgage Warehouse Municipal Premium Finance Balance, December 31, 2022 Adjustment to allowance for adoption of ASU 2022-02 ) Provision for loan losses ) ) ) Loans charged off ) ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, September 30, 2023 Real Estate Construction and Development Real Estate Commercial and Farmland Real Estate Residential Total Balance, December 31, 2022 Adjustment to allowance for adoption of ASU 2022-02 ) ) ) ) Provision for loan losses Loans charged off ) ) ) Recoveries of loans previously charged off Balance, September 30, 2023 
 
 Modifications to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty 
 
 The Company periodically provides modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. These modifications include either payment deferrals, term extensions, interest rate reductions, principal forgiveness or combinations of modification types. The determination of whether the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty is made on the date of the modification. When principal forgiveness is provided, the amount of principal forgiveness is charged off against the allowance for credit losses with a corresponding reduction in the amortized cost basis of the loan. 
 
 20 

Total 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands) Payment Deferral Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Combination of Term Extension and Rate Reduction Total Percentage of Total Class of Financial Receivable Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate residential Total 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Payment Deferral Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Total Percentage of Total Class of Financial Receivable Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Payment Deferral Term Extension Interest Rate Reduction Combination of Term Extension and Rate Reduction Total Percentage of Total Class of Financial Receivable Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 The Company had unfunded commitments to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for which the Company has modified their loans of million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 21 

months. 
 
 Interest Rate Reduction Loan Type Financial Effect Real estate - residential Rate was reduced by 
 
 Combination of Term Extension and Rate Reduction Loan Type Financial Effect Real estate - residential Maturity date was extended for a weighted average months and rate was reduced by a weighted average 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Payment Deferral Loan Type Financial Effect Commercial, financial and agricultural Payments were deferred for months. 
 
 Term Extension Loan Type Financial Effect Real estate - residential Maturity dates were extended for a weighted average of months 

Interest Rate Reduction Loan Type Financial Effect Real estate - residential Rate was reduced by a weighted average 

Combination of Term Extension and Rate Reduction Loan Type Financial Effect Real estate - residential Maturity date was extended for a weighted average months and rate was reduced by a weighted average 

22 

Term Extension Loan Type Financial Effect Commercial, financial and agricultural Maturity date was extended 
 Real estate commercial and farmland Maturity date was extended months. 
 Real estate - residential Maturity dates were extended for a weighted average of months. 
 
 Interest Rate Reduction Loan Type Financial Effect Real estate commercial and farmland Interest rate was reduced by . 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Payment Deferral Loan Type Financial Effect Commercial, financial and agricultural Payments were reduced approximately for three months before returning to a fully amortizing payment structure thereafter. 
 Commercial, financial and agricultural Payments were reduced approximately for four months before requiring full repayment. 
 Real estate residential Payments were deferred for a weighted average of 
 
 Term Extension Loan Type Financial Effect Commercial, financial and agricultural Maturity dates were extended for a weighted average of . 
 Real estate construction and development Maturity date was extended for months. 
 Real estate commercial and farmland Maturity dates were extended for a weighted average of months. 
 Real estate - residential Maturity dates were extended for a weighted average of months 
 
 Interest Rate Reduction Loan Type Financial Effect Real estate commercial and farmland Interest rate was reduced by 
 
 Combination of Term Extension and Rate Reduction Loan Type Financial Effect Real estate - residential Maturity date was extended months and rate was reduced by 

The Company monitors the performance of the loans that are modified to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to understand the effectiveness of its modification efforts. The following table depicts the performance of loans that have been modified in the last 12 months: 
 
 23 

Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 or More Days Past Due Total Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 The following table provides the amortized cost basis of financing receivables that had a payment default during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and were modified in the 12 months before default to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Interest Rate Reduction Term Extension Payment Deferral Combination of Term Extension and Rate Reduction Total Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 The following table provides the amortized cost basis of financing receivables that had a payment default during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and were modified in the 12 months before default to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Interest Rate Reduction Term Extension Payment Deferral Combination of Term Extension and Rate Reduction Total Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 
 
 The following table provides the amortized cost basis of financing receivables that had a payment default during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and were modified in the 12 months before default to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 
 (dollars in thousands) Term Extension Payment Deferral Total Commercial, financial and agricultural Real estate construction and development Real estate commercial and farmland Real estate residential Total 

24 

Fixed Rate Advance due January 17, 2024; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due March 3, 2025; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due March 2, 2027; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due March 4, 2030; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due December 9, 2030; fixed interest rate of 
 Fixed Rate Advance due December 9, 2030; fixed interest rate of 
 Principal Reducing Advance due September 29, 2031; fixed interest rate of 
 Subordinated notes payable: Subordinated notes payable due December 15, 2029 net of unamortized debt issuance cost of and , respectively; fixed interest rate of through December 14, 2024; variable interest rate thereafter at three-month SOFR plus 
 Subordinated notes payable due May 31, 2030 net of unaccreted purchase accounting fair value adjustment of and , respectively; fixed interest rate of through May 31, 2025; variable interest rate thereafter at three-month SOFR plus 
 Subordinated notes payable due October 1, 2030 net of unamortized debt issuance cost of and , respectively; fixed interest rate of through September 30, 2025; variable interest rate thereafter at three-month SOFR plus 
 Other Debt: Advance from correspondent bank due November 28, 2024; secured by a loan receivable; variable interest rate at one-month SOFR plus 
 Advance from correspondent bank due December 1, 2025; secured by a loan receivable; variable interest rate at one-month SOFR plus 

The advances from the FHLB are collateralized by a blanket lien on all eligible first mortgage loans and other specific loans in addition to FHLB stock. At September 30, 2024, billion was available for borrowing on lines with the FHLB. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Bank maintained credit arrangements with various financial institutions to purchase federal funds up to million. 
 
 The Bank also participates in the Federal Reserve discount window borrowings program. At September 30, 2024, the Bank had billion of loans pledged at the Federal Reserve discount window and had billion available for borrowing. 

25 

Unrealized gain on debt securities available-for-sale, net of tax Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Unrealized loss on debt securities available-for-sale, net of tax ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Unrealized gain on debt securities available-for-sale, net of tax Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Unrealized loss on debt securities available-for-sale, net of tax ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 

Common share equivalents: Stock options Nonvested restricted share grants Performance stock units Average common shares outstanding, assuming dilution 
 
 There were anti-dilutive securities excluded from the computation of earnings per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 there were and anti-dilutive securities excluded from the computation of earnings per share, respectively . 

26 

SBA loans held for sale Total loans held for sale 
 
 The Company has elected to record mortgage loans held for sale at fair value in order to eliminate the complexities and inherent difficulties of achieving hedge accounting and to better align reported results with the underlying economic changes in value of the loans and related hedge instruments. This election impacts the timing and recognition of origination fees and costs, as well as servicing value, which are now recognized in earnings at the time of origination. Interest income on mortgage loans held for sale is recorded on an accrual basis in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income under the heading interest income interest and fees on loans. The servicing value is included in the fair value of the interest rate lock commitments IRLCs with borrowers. The mark to market adjustments related to mortgage loans held for sale and the associated economic hedges are captured in mortgage banking activities. 
 
 Net gains of million and million resulting from changes in fair value of these mortgage loans were recorded in income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Net losses of million and resulting from changes in fair value of these mortgage loans were recorded in income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. A net loss of million and a net gain of million resulting from changes in the fair value of the related derivative financial instruments used to hedge exposure to the market-related risks associated with these mortgage loans were recorded in income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, a net loss of and a net gain of million, respectively, resulting from changes in the fair value of the related derivative financial instruments were recorded in income. The Company s valuation of mortgage loans held for sale incorporates an assumption for credit risk; however, given the short-term period that the Company holds these loans, valuation adjustments attributable to instrument-specific credit risk is nominal. 
 
 Aggregate unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans held for sale Past-due loans of 90 days or more Nonaccrual loans Unpaid principal balance of nonaccrual loans 
 
 The following table summarizes the difference between the fair value and the principal balance for SBA loans held for sale measured at fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Aggregate fair value of SBA loans held for sale Aggregate unpaid principal balance of SBA loans held for sale 
 
 The Company utilizes fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. Securities available-for-sale, loans held for sale under the fair value option and derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. From time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring basis, such as collateral-dependent loans, loan servicing rights and OREO. Additionally, the Company is required to disclose, but not record, the fair value of other financial instruments. 
 
 27 

U.S. government sponsored agencies State, county and municipal securities Corporate debt securities SBA pool securities Mortgage-backed securities Loans held for sale Derivative financial instruments Total recurring assets at fair value Financial liabilities: Derivative financial instruments Risk participation agreement Mortgage banking derivative instruments Total recurring liabilities at fair value 
 
 Recurring Basis Fair Value Measurements December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial assets: Debt securities available-for-sale: U.S. Treasuries U.S. government sponsored agencies State, county and municipal securities Corporate debt securities SBA pool securities Mortgage-backed securities Loans held for sale Derivative financial instruments Mortgage banking derivative instruments Total recurring assets at fair value Financial liabilities: Derivative financial instruments Mortgage banking derivative instruments Total recurring liabilities at fair value 
 
 28 

Other real estate owned Total nonrecurring assets at fair value December 31, 2023 Collateral-dependent loans Other real estate owned Total nonrecurring assets at fair value 
 
 The inputs used to determine estimated fair value of collateral-dependent loans include market conditions, loan term, underlying collateral characteristics and discount rates. The inputs used to determine fair value of OREO include market conditions, estimated marketing period or holding period, underlying collateral characteristics and discount rates. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023, there were no changes in the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate fair value. 
 
 Discounted cash flows Probability of Default Loss Given Default Nonrecurring: Collateral-dependent loans Third-party appraisals and discounted cash flows Collateral discounts and discount rates - 
 Other real estate owned Third-party appraisals and sales contracts Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell - 
 December 31, 2023 Recurring: Debt securities available-for-sale Discounted cash flows Probability of Default Loss Given Default Nonrecurring: Collateral-dependent loans Third-party appraisals and discounted cash flows Collateral discounts and discount rates - 
 Other real estate owned Third-party appraisals and sales contracts Collateral discounts and estimated costs to sell - 

29 

Interest-bearing deposits in banks Debt securities held-to-maturity Loans, net Financial liabilities: Deposits Other borrowings Subordinated deferrable interest debentures 
 
 Fair Value Measurements December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Carrying Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits in banks Debt securities held-to-maturity Loans, net Financial liabilities: Deposits Other borrowings Subordinated deferrable interest debentures 

Unused home equity lines of credit Financial standby letters of credit Mortgage interest rate lock commitments 
 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. These commitments, predominantly at variable interest rates, generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the customer. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The credit risk 
 30 

Provision for unfunded commitments ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Other Commitments 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, letters of credit issued by the FHLB totaling billion were used to guarantee the Bank s performance related to a portion of its public fund deposit balances. 
 
 Litigation and Regulatory Contingencies 
 
 From time to time, the Company and the Bank are subject to various legal proceedings, claims and disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company and the Bank are also subject to regulatory examinations, information gathering requests, inquiries and investigations in the ordinary course of business. Based on the Company s current knowledge and advice of counsel, management presently does not believe that the liabilities arising from these legal and regulatory matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these legal and regulatory matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition for any particular period. 
 
 The Company s management and its legal counsel periodically assess contingent liabilities, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims, as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the nature of the guarantee would be disclosed. 

reportable segments: Banking Division, Retail Mortgage Division, Warehouse Lending Division and Premium Finance Division. The Banking Division derives its revenues from the delivery of full-service financial services, including commercial loans, consumer loans and deposit accounts. The Retail Mortgage Division derives its revenues from the origination, sales and servicing of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. The Warehouse Lending Division derives its revenues from the origination and servicing of warehouse lines to other businesses that are secured by underlying one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. The Premium Finance Division derives its revenues from the origination and servicing of commercial insurance premium finance loans. 
 
 The Banking, Retail Mortgage, Warehouse Lending and Premium Finance Divisions are managed as separate business units because of the different products and services they provide. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on profit or loss from operations. There are no material intersegment sales or transfers. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company consolidated its former SBA Division into the Banking Division based on the similarity of products and services 
 31 

Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and communications expenses Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Total assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Banking Division Retail Mortgage Division Warehouse Lending Division Premium Finance Division Total Interest income Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and communications expenses Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income Total assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net 
 32 

Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and communications expenses Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Banking Division Retail Mortgage Division Warehouse Lending Division Premium Finance Division Total Interest income Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Noninterest income Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and communications expenses Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net income 
 33 

Risk participation agreement Mortgage derivatives - interest rate lock commitments Mortgage derivatives - forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale 
 (1) Derivative assets are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Derivative liabilities are included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) Includes interest rate contracts for client swaps and offsetting positions. 
 
 34 

) Risk participation agreement Other noninterest income ) Interest rate lock commitments Mortgage banking activity ) Forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage banking activity ) 

SBA Total loan servicing rights 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans 
 
 The Company sells certain first-lien residential mortgage loans to third party investors, primarily the Federal National Mortgage Association FNMA ), the Government National Mortgage Association GNMA and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation FHLMC ). For a portion of these loans, the Company retains the related mortgage servicing rights MSRs and receives servicing fees. The net gain on loan sales, MSRs amortization and recoveries/impairment, and ongoing servicing fees on the portfolio of loans serviced for others are recorded in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income as part of mortgage banking activity. 
 
 During the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded servicing fee income of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded servicing fee income of million and million, respectively. Servicing fee income includes servicing fees, late fees and ancillary fees earned for each period. 
 
 Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) Disposals ) ) Ending carrying value, net 

35 

Composition of residential loans serviced for others: FHLMC FNMA GNMA Total Weighted average term (months) Weighted average age (months) Modeled prepayment speed Decline in fair value due to a 10 adverse change ) ) Decline in fair value due to a 20 adverse change ) ) Weighted average discount rate Decline in fair value due to a 10 adverse change ) ) Decline in fair value due to a 20 adverse change ) ) 
 
 The sensitivity calculations above are hypothetical and should not be considered to be predictive of future performance. As indicated, changes in fair value based on adverse changes in model inputs and/or assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of a change in input or assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. In addition, the effect of an adverse variation in a particular input or assumption on the value of the residential mortgage servicing rights is calculated without changing any other input or assumption. In reality, a change in another factor may magnify or counteract the effect of the change in the first. 
 
 SBA Loans 
 
 All sales of SBA loans, consisting of the guaranteed portion, are executed on a servicing retained basis. These loans, which are partially guaranteed by the SBA, are generally secured by business property such as real estate, inventory, equipment and accounts receivable. The net gain on SBA loan sales, amortization and impairment/recoveries of servicing rights, and ongoing servicing fees are recorded in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income as part of other noninterest income. 
 
 During the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded servicing fee income of and million, respectively. During the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded servicing fee income of and million, respectively. Servicing fee income includes servicing fees, late fees and ancillary fees earned for each period. 
 
 Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) Ending carrying value, net 

36 

Weighted average life (in years) Modeled prepayment speed Decline in fair value due to a 10 adverse change ) ) Decline in fair value due to a 20 adverse change ) ) Weighted average discount rate Decline in fair value due to a 100 basis point adverse change ) ) Decline in fair value due to a 200 basis point adverse change ) ) 
 
 The sensitivity calculations above are hypothetical and should not be considered to be predictive of future performance. As indicated, changes in fair value based on adverse changes in model inputs and/or assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of a change in input or assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. In addition, the effect of an adverse variation in a particular input or assumption on the value of the SBA servicing rights is calculated without changing any other input or assumption. In reality, a change in another factor may magnify or counteract the effect of the change in the first. 
 
 37 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain of the statements made in this report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of, and subject to the protections of, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions and future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which may be beyond our control and which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 
 All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through our use of words such as may, will, anticipate, assume, should, indicate, would, believe, contemplate, expect, estimate, continue, plan, point to, project, predict, could, intend, target, potential and other similar words and expressions of the future. These forward-looking statements may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the following: general competitive, economic, unemployment, political and market conditions and fluctuations, including real estate market conditions, and the effects of such conditions and fluctuations on the creditworthiness of borrowers, collateral values, asset recovery values and the value of investment securities; movements in interest rates and their impacts on net interest margin; expectations on credit quality and performance; competitive pressures on product pricing and services; legislative and regulatory changes; changes in U.S. government monetary and fiscal policy; investment security valuation and other performance measures; additional competition in our markets; changes in state and federal banking laws and regulations to which we are subject; financial market conditions and the results of financing efforts; the success and timing of other business strategies; our outlook and long-term goals for future growth; weather events, natural disasters, geopolitical events, acts of war or terrorism or other hostilities, public health crises and other catastrophic events beyond our control; and other factors discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 
 All written or oral forward-looking statements that are made by or are attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary notice. Our forward-looking statements apply only as of the date of this report or the respective date of the document from which they are incorporated herein by reference. We have no obligation and do not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report, or after the respective dates on which such statements otherwise are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 38 

Overview 
 
 The following is management s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as reflected in the unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024, as compared with December 31, 2023, and operating results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These comments should be read in conjunction with the Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing elsewhere herein. 
 
 This discussion contains certain performance measures determined by methods other than in accordance with GAAP. Management of the Company uses these non-GAAP measures in its analysis of the Company s performance. These measures are useful when evaluating the underlying performance and efficiency of the Company s operations and balance sheet. The Company s management believes that these non-GAAP measures provide a greater understanding of ongoing operations, enhance comparability of results with prior periods and demonstrate the effects of significant gains and charges in the current period. The Company s management believes that investors may use these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate the Company s financial performance without the impact of unusual items that may obscure trends in the Company s underlying performance. These disclosures should not be viewed as a substitute for financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP performance measures that may be presented by other companies. Non-GAAP measures include adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share. The Company calculates the regulatory capital ratios using current regulatory report instructions. The Company s management uses these measures to assess the quality of capital and believes that investors may find them useful in their evaluation of the Company. These capital measures may or may not be necessarily comparable to similar capital measures that may be presented by other companies. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies from those disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. The reader should refer to the notes to our consolidated financial statements in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a full disclosure of all critical accounting policies. 
 
 39 

Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Consolidated Earnings and Profitability 
 
 Ameris reported net income available to common shareholders of 99.2 million, or 1.44 per diluted share, for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared with 80.1 million, or 1.16 per diluted share, for the same period in 2023. The Company s return on average assets and average shareholders equity were 1.49 and 10.91 , respectively, in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 1.25 and 9.56 , respectively, in the third quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company a recorded pre-tax gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights of 5.2 million and an expense related to natural disasters of 150,000. Excluding these adjustment items, the Company s net income would have been 95.2 million, or 1.38 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2024 and 80.1 million, or 1.16 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Below is a reconciliation of adjusted net income to net income, as discussed above: Three Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 Net income 99,212 80,115 Adjustment items: Gain on sale of MSR (5,245) Natural disaster expense 150 Tax effect of adjustment items (Note 1) 
 1,070 After tax adjustment items (4,025) Adjusted net income 95,187 80,115 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 69,066,298 68,994,247 Net income per diluted share 1.44 1.16 Adjusted net income per diluted share 1.38 1.16 Note 1: Tax effect is calculated utilizing a 21 rate for taxable adjustments. 
 
 40 

Below is additional information regarding the retail banking activities, mortgage banking activities, warehouse lending activities and premium finance activities of the Company during the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands) Banking Division Retail Mortgage Division Warehouse Lending Division Premium Finance Division Total Interest income 255,241 60,789 10,400 28,716 355,146 Interest expense 78,447 37,236 6,747 18,656 141,086 Net interest income 176,794 23,553 3,653 10,060 214,060 Provision for credit losses 5,566 254 (170) 457 6,107 Noninterest income 27,800 41,498 400 11 69,709 Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits 62,634 23,233 621 2,212 88,700 Occupancy and equipment 10,725 957 6 28 11,716 Data processing and communications expenses 13,922 1,184 32 83 15,221 Other expenses 22,619 12,164 217 1,140 36,140 Total noninterest expense 109,900 37,538 876 3,463 151,777 Income before income tax expense 89,128 27,259 3,347 6,151 125,885 Income tax expense 18,992 5,724 703 1,254 26,673 Net income 70,136 21,535 2,644 4,897 99,212 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Banking Division Retail Mortgage Division Warehouse Lending Division Premium Finance Division Total Interest income 233,214 54,532 19,357 23,450 330,553 Interest expense 63,657 31,727 13,349 14,069 122,802 Net interest income 169,557 22,805 6,008 9,381 207,751 Provision for credit losses 22,510 2,399 (589) 139 24,459 Noninterest income 26,824 35,691 662 4 63,181 Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits 57,435 21,231 924 2,308 81,898 Occupancy and equipment 11,473 1,182 1 89 12,745 Data processing and communications expenses 11,818 1,052 30 73 12,973 Other expenses 20,431 12,153 219 1,027 33,830 Total noninterest expense 101,157 35,618 1,174 3,497 141,446 Income before income tax expense 72,714 20,479 6,085 5,749 105,027 Income tax expense 18,163 4,301 1,278 1,170 24,912 Net income 54,551 16,178 4,807 4,579 80,115 
 
 41 

Net Interest Income and Margins 
 
 The following table sets forth the average balance, interest income or interest expense, and average interest rate for each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, net interest spread, and net interest margin on average interest-earning assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Federally tax-exempt income is presented on a taxable-equivalent basis assuming a 21 federal tax rate. 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Paid Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Paid Assets Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in banks 997,308 13,633 5.44 864,028 10,769 4.94 Investment securities - taxable 1,733,418 15,555 3.57 1,650,164 14,754 3.55 Investment securities - nontaxable 41,496 426 4.08 40,896 418 4.06 Loans held for sale 575,461 9,142 6.32 464,452 7,460 6.37 Loans 21,023,629 317,358 6.01 20,371,689 298,102 5.81 Total interest-earning assets 24,371,312 356,114 5.81 23,391,229 331,503 5.62 Noninterest-earning assets 2,071,672 2,134,684 Total assets 26,442,984 25,525,913 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits NOW accounts 3,753,528 20,535 2.18 3,661,701 17,255 1.87 MMDA 6,508,770 61,620 3.77 5,527,731 45,683 3.28 Savings accounts 765,909 960 0.50 915,678 1,791 0.78 Retail CDs 2,478,875 26,775 4.30 2,200,413 19,013 3.43 Brokered CDs 1,493,352 19,808 5.28 1,441,854 19,257 5.30 Total interest-bearing deposits 15,000,434 129,698 3.44 13,747,377 102,999 2.97 Non-deposit funding FHLB advances 358,332 4,443 4.93 943,855 12,543 5.27 Other borrowings 298,073 3,514 4.69 312,572 3,821 4.85 Subordinated deferrable interest debentures 131,547 3,431 10.38 129,554 3,439 10.53 Total non-deposit funding 787,952 11,388 5.75 1,385,981 19,803 5.67 Total interest-bearing liabilities 15,788,386 141,086 3.55 15,133,358 122,802 3.22 Demand deposits 6,622,952 6,655,191 Other liabilities 413,594 412,404 Shareholders equity 3,618,052 3,324,960 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 26,442,984 25,525,913 Interest rate spread 2.26 2.40 Net interest income 215,028 208,701 Net interest margin 3.51 3.54 
 
 On a tax-equivalent basis, net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 was 215.0 million, an in crease of 6.3 million , or 3.03 , compared with 208.7 million reported in the same quarter in 2023. The increase in net interest income is primarily a result of increased yield on loans and interest-bearing deposits in other banks in addition to growth in average earning assets, partially offset by increased cost of funds as market interest rates have risen. Average interest-earning assets increased 980.1 million, or 4.19 , from 23.39 billion in the third quarter of 2023 to 24.37 billion for the third quarter of 2024. This growth in interest-earning assets resulted primarily from organic loan growth. The Company s net interest margin during the third quarter of 2024 was 3.51 , down three basis points from 3.54 reported in the third quarter of 2023. Loan production amounted to 5.1 billion during the third quarter of 2024, with weighted average yields of 7.52 , compared with 4.8 billion and 7.56 , respectively, during the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Total interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, increased to 356.1 million during the third quarter of 2024, compared with 331.5 million in the same quarter of 2023. Yields on earning assets increased to 5.81 during the third quarter of 2024, compared with 5.62 reported in the third quarter of 2023. During the third quarter of 2024, loans comprised 88.6 of 
 42 

average earning assets, compared with 89.1 in the same quarter of 2023. Yields on loans increased to 6.01 in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 5.81 in the same period of 2023. 
 
 The yield on interest-bearing deposits increased from 2.97 in the third quarter of 2023 to 3.44 in the third quarter of 2024. The yield on total interest-bearing liabilities increased from 3.22 in the third quarter of 2023 to 3.55 in the third quarter of 2024. Total funding costs, inclusive of noninterest-bearing demand deposits, increased to 2.50 in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 2.24 during the third quarter of 2023. Deposit costs increased from 2.00 in the third quarter of 2023 to 2.39 in the third quarter of 2024. Non-deposit funding costs increased from 5.67 in the third quarter of 2023 to 5.75 in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company s provision for credit losses during the third quarter of 2024 amounted to 6.1 million, compared with 24.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. This decrease was attributable to the updated economic forecast, partially offset by loan mix changes. The provision for credit losses for the third quarter of 2024 was comprised of 6.3 million related to loans, negative 204,000 related to unfunded commitments and negative 2,000 related to other credit losses, compared with 30.1 million related to loans, negative 5.6 million related to unfunded commitments and negative 2,000 provision related to other credit losses for the third quarter of 2023. Non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets decreased 25 basis points to 0.44 at September 30, 2024, compared with 0.69 at December 31, 2023. The decrease in non-performing assets is primarily attributable to decreases in nonaccrual loans of 55.6 million and accruing loans delinquent 90 days or more of 4.8 million, partially offset by an increase in other real estate owned of 3.3 million . The decrease in nonaccrual loans primarily resulted from a sale of MSRs which reduced exposure to GNMA nonaccrual loans from 90.2 million at December 31, 2023 to 8.2 million at September 30, 2024, partially offset by portfolio loans moved to nonaccrual during the year-to-date period. The Company recognized net charge-offs on loans during the third quarter of 2024 of approximately 8.1 million, or 0.15 of average loans on an annualized basis, compared with net charge-offs of approximately 12.1 million, or 0.23 , in the third quarter of 2023. The Company s total allowance for credit losses on loans at September 30, 2024 was 334.5 million, or 1.60 of total loans, compared with 307.1 million, or 1.52 of total loans, at December 31, 2023. This increase is primarily attributable to organic growth in loans and the updated economic forecast. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 Total noninterest income for the third quarter of 2024 was 69.7 million, an increase of 6.5 million, or 10.3 , from the 63.2 million reported in the third quarter of 2023. Income from mortgage banking activities was 37.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 1.7 million, or 4.6 , from 36.3 million in the third quarter of 2023. Total production in the third quarter of 2024 amounted to 1.16 billion, compared with 1.18 billion in the same quarter of 2023, while gain on sale spread increased to 2.17 in the current quarter, compared with 2.15 in the same quarter of 2023. The retail mortgage open pipeline finished the third quarter of 2024 at 813.7 million, compared with 802.2 million at June 30, 2024 and 623.9 million at the end of the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts increased 826,000, or 6.8 , to 12.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 12.1 million in the third quarter of 2023. Net loss on securities improved to 8,000 in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 16,000 in the third quarter of 2023. Other noninterest income increased 4.1 million, or 30.1 , to 17.7 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared with 13.6 million during the third quarter of 2023. The increase in other noninterest income was primarily attributable to a gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights of 5.2 million and an increase in BOLI income of 1.5 million, partially offset by a decline in fee income in our equipment finance division and derivative income of 1.6 million and 718,000, respectively. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 Total noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2024 increased 10.3 million, or 7.3 , to 151.8 million, compared with 141.4 million in the same quarter 2023. Salaries and employee benefits increased 6.8 million, or 8.3 , from 81.9 million in the third quarter of 2023 to 88.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, due primarily to increases in health insurance cost, annual merit increases and variable compensation related to mortgage production. Data processing and communications expenses increased 2.2 million, or 17.3 , to 15.2 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 13.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. Advertising and marketing expense was 4.1 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared with 2.7 million in the third quarter of 2023, with the increase primarily due to a new deposit marketing campaign initiated in the second quarter of 2024. Amortization of intangible assets decreased 245,000, or 5.5 , from 4.4 million in the third quarter of 2023 to 4.2 million in the third quarter of 2024. This decrease was primarily related to a reduction in core deposit intangible amortization. Loan servicing expenses decreased 664,000, or 7.1 , from 9.3 million in the third quarter of 2023 to 8.6 million in the third 
 43 

quarter of 2024, primarily attributable to the sale of mortgage servicing rights in the second and third quarters of 2024 partially offset by additional mortgage loans serviced added from mortgage production over the previous year . Other noninterest expenses increased 603,000, or 3.2 , from 18.8 million in the third quarter of 2023 to 19.4 million in the third quarter of 2024, due primarily to an increase in legal and other professional fees of 601,000. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense is influenced by the statutory rate, the amount of taxable income, the amount of tax-exempt income and the amount of nondeductible expenses. For the third quarter of 2024, the Company reported income tax expense of 26.7 million, compared with 24.9 million in the same period of 2023. The Company s effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 21.2 and 23.7 , respectively. The decrease in the effective rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily related to a favorable return-to-provision adjustment resulting from reduced state apportionment. 

44 

Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Consolidated Earnings and Profitability 
 
 Ameris reported net income available to common shareholders of 264.3 million, or 3.83 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 203.2 million, or 2.94 per diluted share, for the same period in 2023. The Company s return on average assets and average shareholders equity were 1.36 and 9.98 , respectively, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 1.07 and 8.26 , respectively, in the same period in 2023. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain on conversion of its Visa Class B-1 stock of 12.6 million, a pre-tax gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights of 10.0 million, a pre-tax FDIC special assessment of 2.0 million, a pre-tax gain on BOLI proceeds of 1.5 million, a pre-tax natural disaster expense of 150,000 and a 4.8 million expense related to the termination of certain BOLI policies during the quarter, the proceeds of which the Company will reinvest in higher yielding policies. During the first nine months of 2023, the Company recorded pre-tax gain on BOLI proceeds of 486,000. Excluding these adjustment items, the Company s net income would have been 251.6 million, or 3.64 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 202.7 million, or 2.93 per diluted share, for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Below is a reconciliation of adjusted net income to net income, as discussed above. Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 Net income available to common shareholders 264,309 203,171 Adjustment items: Gain on sale of MSR (9,958) Gain on conversion of Visa Class B-1 stock (12,554) Natural disaster expense 150 Gain on BOLI proceeds (1,464) (486) FDIC special assessment 2,014 Tax effect of adjustment items (Note 1) 
 4,273 After tax adjustment items (17,539) (486) Tax expense attributable to BOLI restructuring 4,792 Adjusted net income 251,562 202,685 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 69,031,666 69,129,921 Net income per diluted share 3.83 2.94 Adjusted net income per diluted share 3.64 2.93 Note 1: Tax effect is calculated utilizing a 21 rate for taxable adjustments. Gain on BOLI proceeds is non-taxable and no tax effect is included. 
 
 45 

Below is additional information regarding the retail banking activities, mortgage banking activities, warehouse lending activities and premium finance activities of the Company during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands) Banking Division Retail Mortgage Division Warehouse Lending Division Premium Finance Division Total Interest income 734,220 174,889 46,263 76,549 1,031,921 Interest expense 219,421 104,307 30,290 50,534 404,552 Net interest income 514,799 70,582 15,973 26,015 627,369 Provision for loan losses 45,581 (296) 334 366 45,985 Noninterest income 91,690 130,408 2,168 32 224,298 Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits 181,473 69,560 2,633 6,165 259,831 Occupancy and equipment 33,952 3,014 20 174 37,160 Data processing and communications expenses 40,862 3,826 116 264 45,068 Other expenses 71,680 38,091 752 3,263 113,786 Total noninterest expense 327,967 114,491 3,521 9,866 455,845 Income before income tax expense 232,941 86,795 14,286 15,815 349,837 Income tax expense 61,110 18,227 3,000 3,191 85,528 Net income 171,831 68,568 11,286 12,624 264,309 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Banking Division Retail Mortgage Division Warehouse Lending Division Premium Finance Division Total Interest income 676,003 155,988 54,931 61,299 948,221 Interest expense 155,389 91,739 37,057 35,093 319,278 Net interest income 520,614 64,249 17,874 26,206 628,943 Provision for loan losses 110,801 8,530 (372) 745 119,704 Noninterest income 77,455 106,557 2,546 22 186,580 Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits 171,698 63,321 2,498 6,627 244,144 Occupancy and equipment 34,331 3,689 2 231 38,253 Data processing and communications expenses 35,596 3,518 120 224 39,458 Other expenses 67,852 35,759 644 3,160 107,415 Total noninterest expense 309,477 106,287 3,264 10,242 429,270 Income before income tax expense 177,791 55,989 17,528 15,241 266,549 Income tax expense 44,850 11,758 3,681 3,089 63,378 Net income 132,941 44,231 13,847 12,152 203,171 
 
 46 

Net Interest Income and Margins 
 
 The following table sets forth the average balance, interest income or interest expense, and average yield/rate paid for each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, net interest spread, and net interest margin on average interest-earning assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Federally tax-exempt income is presented on a taxable-equivalent basis assuming a 21 federal tax rate. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Paid Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Paid Assets Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in banks 940,548 38,646 5.49 907,433 33,568 4.95 Investment securities - taxable 1,665,902 45,595 3.66 1,688,656 44,969 3.56 Investment securities - nontaxable 41,393 1,267 4.09 42,168 1,277 4.05 Loans held for sale 463,680 22,679 6.53 510,690 22,865 5.99 Loans 20,722,659 926,612 5.97 20,121,143 848,375 5.64 Total interest-earning assets 23,834,182 1,034,799 5.80 23,270,090 951,054 5.46 Noninterest-earning assets 2,065,435 2,155,974 Total assets 25,899,617 25,426,064 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits NOW accounts 3,802,501 62,129 2.18 3,917,476 50,291 1.72 MMDA 6,238,615 173,905 3.72 5,176,794 108,716 2.81 Savings accounts 781,072 2,930 0.50 976,684 5,375 0.74 Retail CDs 2,429,505 77,062 4.24 1,947,739 41,393 2.84 Brokered CDs 1,347,836 53,091 5.26 991,554 38,493 5.19 Total interest-bearing deposits 14,599,529 369,117 3.38 13,010,247 244,268 2.51 Non-deposit funding FHLB advances 375,328 14,188 5.05 1,436,753 52,213 4.86 Other borrowings 304,554 10,967 4.81 330,035 13,072 5.30 Subordinated deferrable interest debentures 131,052 10,280 10.48 129,059 9,725 10.07 Total non-deposit funding 810,934 35,435 5.84 1,895,847 75,010 5.29 Total interest-bearing liabilities 15,410,463 404,552 3.51 14,906,094 319,278 2.86 Demand deposits 6,528,572 6,838,618 Other liabilities 423,023 391,646 Shareholders equity 3,537,559 3,289,706 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 25,899,617 25,426,064 Interest rate spread 2.29 2.60 Net interest income 630,247 631,776 Net interest margin 3.53 3.63 
 
 On a tax-equivalent basis, net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 630.2 million, a decrease of 1.5 million, or 0.24 , compared with 631.8 million reported in the same period of 2023. The lower net interest income is a result of increased yield on interest-bearing deposits and a shift in deposit mix as interest rates have risen, partially offset by growth in average earning assets and increased associated market rates. Average interest earning assets increased 564.1 million, or 2.42 , from 23.27 billion in the first nine months of 2023 to 23.83 billion for the first nine months of 2024. This growth in interest earning assets resulted primarily from organic growth in average loans, partially offset by paydowns on the securities portfolio and average loans held for sale. The Company s net interest margin during the first nine months of 2024 was 3.53 , down 10 basis points from 3.63 reported for the first nine months of 2023. Loan production amounted to 14.1 billion during the first nine months of 2024, with weighted average yields of 7.54 , compared with 14.0 billion and 7.19 , respectively, during the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Total interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, increased to 1.03 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 951.1 million in the same period of 2023. Yields on earning assets increased to 5.80 during the first nine 
 47 

months of 2024, compared with 5.46 reported in the same period of 2023. During the first nine months of 2024, loans comprised 88.9 of average earning assets, compared with 88.7 in the same period of 2023. Yields on loans increased to 5.97 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 5.64 in the same period of 2023. 
 
 The yield on total interest-bearing liabilities increased from 2.86 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 3.51 in the same period of 2024. Total funding costs, inclusive of noninterest-bearing demand deposits, increased to 2.46 in the first nine months of 2024, compared with 1.96 during the same period of 2023. Deposit costs increased from 1.65 in the first nine months of 2023 to 2.33 in the same period of 2024. Non-deposit funding costs increased from 5.29 in the first nine months of 2023 to 5.84 in the same period of 2024. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company s provision for credit losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 amounted to 46.0 million, compared with 119.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily attributable to the updated economic forecast during the first nine months of 2024, partially offset by organic loan growth. The provision for credit losses for the first nine months of 2024 was comprised of 57.2 million related to loans, negative 11.2 million related to unfunded commitments and negative 3,000 related to other credit losses, compared with 123.1 million related to loans, negative 3.4 million related to unfunded commitments and 5,000 related to other credit losses for the same period in 2023. Non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets decreased from 0.69 at December 31, 2023 to 0.44 at September 30, 2024. The decrease in non-performing assets is primarily attributable to a decrease in nonaccrual loans of 55.6 million and a decrease in accruing loans delinquent 90 days or more of 4.8 million, partially offset by an increase in other real estate owned of 3.3 million. The decrease in nonaccrual loans primarily resulted from a sale of MSRs which reduced exposure to GNMA nonaccrual loans from 90.2 million at December 31, 2023 to 8.2 million at September 30, 2024, partially offset by portfolio loans moved to nonaccrual during the year-to-date period. Net charge-offs on loans during the first nine months of 2024 were 29.8 million, or 0.19 of average loans on an annualized basis, compared with approximately 37.0 million, or 0.25 , in the first nine months of 2023. The Company s total allowance for credit losses on loans at September 30, 2024 was 334.5 million, or 1.60 of total loans, compared with 307.1 million, or 1.52 of total loans, at December 31, 2023. This increase is primarily attributable to organic growth in loans and the updated economic forecast. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 Total noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 224.3 million, an increase of 37.7 million, or 20.2 , from the 186.6 million reported for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Income from mortgage banking activities increased 15.4 million, or 14.2 , from 108.4 million in the first nine months of 2023 to 123.8 million in the same period of 2024. Total production in the first nine months of 2024 amounted to 3.39 billion, compared with 3.45 billion in the same period of 2023, while gain on sale spread increased to 2.37 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 2.11 in the same period of 2023. The retail mortgage open pipeline was 813.7 million at September 30, 2024, compared with 400.1 million at December 31, 2023 and 623.9 million at September 30, 2023. 
 
 Net gain on securities increased to 12.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with a loss of 16,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to the conversion of Visa Class B-1 stock resulting in a gain of 12.6 million and related realized gain (loss) on subsequent sales and mark-to-market adjustments post-conversion. Other noninterest income increased 6.6 million, or 16.2 , to 47.3 million for the first nine months of 2024, compared with 40.7 million during the same period of 2023. The increase in other noninterest income was primarily attributable to a gain on sale of mortgage servicing rights of 10.0 million and an increase in BOLI income of 1.7 million, partially offset by declines in derivative fee income, fee income in our equipment finance division and gain on sale of SBA loans of 2.4 million, 1.9 million and 914,000, respectively. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 Total noninterest expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 26.6 million, or 6.2 , to 455.8 million, compared with 429.3 million in the same period of 2023. Salaries and employee benefits increased 15.7 million, or 6.4 , from 244.1 million in the first nine months of 2023 to 259.8 million in the same period of 2024, due primarily to increases in health insurance costs, variable compensation related to mortgage production, and stock-based compensation related to performance awards, in addition to a reduction in deferred origination costs. Data processing and communications expenses increased 5.6 million, or 14.2 , to 45.1 million in the first nine months of 2024, from 39.5 million reported in the same period of 2023. Amortization of intangible assets decreased 810,000, or 5.9 , from 13.8 million in the first nine months of 2023 to 13.0 million in the first nine months of 2024. This decrease was primarily related to a reduction in core deposit intangible amortization. Loan servicing expenses increased 1.5 million, or 5.6 , from 26.4 million in the first nine months 
 48 

of 2023 to 27.9 million in the same period of 2024, primarily attributable to additional mortgage loans serviced added from mortgage production over the previous year, partially offset by reductions from sales of MSRs. Other noninterest expenses increased 3.1 million, or 5.3 , from 58.4 million in the first nine months of 2023 to 61.5 million in the same period of 2024, due primarily to 2.0 million in FDIC special assessment expenses as well as a 4.1 million increase in business license expense. These increases in other noninterest expenses were partially offset by decreases from the first nine months of 2023 in fraud/forgery and other losses of 4.6 million and legal and other professional fees of 792,000. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense is influenced by the statutory rate, the amount of taxable income, the amount of tax-exempt income and the amount of nondeductible expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reported income tax expense of 85.5 million, compared with 63.4 million in the same period of 2023. The Company s effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 24.4 and 23.8 , respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily a result of a 4.8 million tax expense related to BOLI surrender during the period, partially offset by a favorable return-to-provision adjustment resulting from reduced state apportionment. 
 
 49 

Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 

Securities 
 
 Debt securities classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value with unrealized holding gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of the related deferred tax effect. Securities available-for-sale may be bought and sold in response to changes in market conditions, including, but not limited to, fluctuations in interest rates, changes in securities' prepayment risk, increases in loan demand, general liquidity needs and positioning the portfolio to take advantage of market conditions that create more economically attractive returns. Debt securities which are classified as held-to-maturity are done so based on management's positive intent and ability to hold such securities to maturity and are carried at amortized cost. Restricted equity securities are classified as other investment securities and are carried at cost and are periodically evaluated for impairment based on the ultimate recovery of par value or cost basis. 
 
 The amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts are recognized in interest income using methods approximating the interest method over the expected life of the securities. Realized gains and losses, determined on the basis of the cost of specific securities sold, are included in earnings on the trade date. 
 
 Management and the Company s ALCO Committee evaluate available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation, to determine if credit-related impairment exists. Management first evaluates whether they intend to sell or more likely than not will be required to sell an impaired security before recovering its amortized cost basis. If either criteria is met, the entire amount of unrealized loss is recognized in earnings with a corresponding adjustment to the security's amortized cost basis. If neither of the above criteria is met, management evaluates whether the decline in fair value is attributable to credit or resulted from other factors. If credit-related impairment exists, the Company recognizes an allowance for credit losses, limited to the amount by which the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis of the security. Any impairment not recognized through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income, net of tax, as a non credit-related impairment. The Company does not intend to sell these available-for-sale investment securities at an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2024, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities prior to recovery or maturity. Based on the results of management's review, at September 30, 2024, management determined that 66,000 was attributable to credit impairment and, accordingly, an allowance for credit losses was established. The remaining 24.4 million in unrealized loss was determined to be from factors other than credit. 
 
 The Company's held-to-maturity securities have no expected credit losses, and no related allowance for credit losses has been established. 
 
 The following table is a summary of our investment portfolio at the dates indicated: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Securities available-for-sale U.S. Treasuries 631,992 630,671 732,636 720,877 U.S. government-sponsored agencies 1,013 995 1,023 985 State, county and municipal securities 26,652 25,929 28,986 28,051 Corporate debt securities 10,946 10,226 10,946 10,027 SBA pool securities 75,276 74,192 53,033 51,516 Mortgage-backed securities 713,439 699,539 621,013 591,488 Total debt securities available-for-sale 1,459,318 1,441,552 1,447,637 1,402,944 Securities held-to-maturity State, county and municipal securities 33,648 28,741 31,905 26,854 Mortgage-backed securities 127,572 116,973 109,607 95,877 Total debt securities held-to-maturity 161,220 145,714 141,512 122,731 
 
 50 

The amounts of securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity in each category as of September 30, 2024 are shown in the following table according to contractual maturity classifications: (i) one year or less; (ii) after one year through five years; (iii) after five years through ten years; and (iv) after ten years: 
 
 U.S. Treasuries U.S. Government-Sponsored Agencies State, County and Municipal Securities (dollars in thousands) 
 Securities available-for-sale (1) 
 Amount Yield (2) Amount Yield (2) Amount Yield (2)(3) One year or less 272,516 2.83 995 2.16 3,978 3.95 After one year through five years 358,155 3.46 14,498 3.95 After five years through ten years 7,453 3.94 After ten years 630,671 3.19 995 2.16 25,929 3.95 Corporate Debt Securities SBA Pool Securities Mortgage-Backed Securities (dollars in thousands) 
 Securities available-for-sale (1) 
 Amount Yield (2) Amount Yield (2) Amount Yield (2) One year or less 2,182 2.46 11,134 2.47 After one year through five years 8,846 6.80 1,993 2.32 290,465 3.11 After five years through ten years 60,891 5.66 38,849 2.95 After ten years 1,380 8.27 9,126 3.25 359,091 4.02 10,226 7.05 74,192 5.16 699,539 3.56 State, County and Municipal Securities Mortgage-Backed Securities (dollars in thousands) 
 Securities held-to-maturity (1) 
 Amount Yield (2)(3) Amount Yield (2) One year or less After one year through five years 25,293 2.88 After five years through ten years 59,117 2.52 After ten years 33,648 3.94 43,162 3.45 33,648 3.94 127,572 2.91 
 (1) The amortized cost of securities held-to-maturity and fair value of securities available-for-sale are presented based on contractual maturities. Actual cash flows may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations without prepayment penalties. 
 (2) Yields were computed using coupon interest, adding discount accretion or subtracting premium amortization, as appropriate, on a ratable basis over the life of each security. The weighted average yield for each maturity range was computed using the amortized cost of each security in that range. 
 (3) Yields on securities of state and political subdivisions are stated on a taxable-equivalent basis, using a tax rate of 21 . 

Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 At September 30, 2024, gross loans outstanding (including loans and loans held for sale) were 21.52 billion, up 967.7 million from 20.55 billion reported at December 31, 2023. Loans increased 695.7 million, or 3.4 , from 20.27 billion at December 31, 2023 to 20.96 billion at September 30, 2024, driven by organic growth. Loans held for sale increased from 281.3 million at December 31, 2023 to 553.4 million at September 30, 2024 primarily in our mortgage division. 
 
 The Company regularly monitors the composition of the loan portfolio to evaluate the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses ("ACL") on loans in light of the impact that changes in the economic environment may have on the loan portfolio. The Company focuses on the following loan categories: (1) commercial, financial and agricultural; (2) consumer; (3) indirect automobile; (4) mortgage warehouse; (5) municipal; (6) premium finance; (7) construction and development related real estate; (8) commercial and farmland real estate; and (9) residential real estate. The Company s management has strategically located its branches in select markets in Georgia, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina to take advantage of the growth in these areas. 
 51 

The Company s risk management processes include a loan review program designed to evaluate the credit risk in the loan portfolio and ensure credit grade accuracy. Through the loan review process, the Company conducts (1) a loan portfolio summary analysis, (2) charge-off and recovery analysis, (3) trends in accruing problem loan analysis, and (4) problem and past-due loan analysis. This analysis process serves as a tool to assist management in assessing the overall quality of the loan portfolio and the adequacy of the ACL. Loans classified as substandard are loans which are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged. These assets exhibit a well-defined weakness or are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. These weaknesses may be characterized by past due performance, operating losses and/or questionable collateral values. Loans classified as doubtful are those loans that have characteristics similar to substandard loans but have an increased risk of loss. Loans classified as loss are those loans which are considered uncollectible and are in the process of being charged off. 
 
 The Company estimates the ACL on loans based on the underlying assets amortized cost basis, which is the amount at which the financing receivable is originated or acquired, adjusted for applicable accretion or amortization of premium, discount, and net deferred fees or costs, collection of cash, and charge-offs. In the event that collection of principal becomes uncertain, the Company has policies in place to reverse accrued interest in a timely manner. Therefore, the Company has made a policy election to exclude accrued interest from the measurement of ACL. 
 
 Expected credit losses are reflected in the ACL through a charge to credit loss expense. When the Company deems all or a portion of a financial asset to be uncollectible the appropriate amount is written off and the ACL is reduced by the same amount. The Company applies judgment to determine when a financial asset is deemed uncollectible; however, generally speaking, an asset will be considered uncollectible no later than when all efforts at collection have been exhausted. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ACL when received. 
 
 The Company measures expected credit losses of financial assets on a collective (pool) basis, when the financial assets share similar risk characteristics. Depending on the nature of the pool of financial assets with similar risk characteristics, the Company currently uses the DCF method or the PD LGD method which may be adjusted for qualitative factors. 
 
 The Company s methodologies for estimating the ACL consider available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The methodologies apply historical loss information, adjusted for asset-specific characteristics, economic conditions at the measurement date, and forecasts about future economic conditions expected to exist through the contractual lives of the financial assets that are reasonable and supportable, to the identified pools of financial assets with similar risk characteristics for which the historical loss experience was observed. The Company s methodologies revert back to historical loss information on a straight-line basis over four quarters when the Company can no longer develop reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 At the end of the third quarter of 2024, the ACL on loans totaled 334.5 million, or 1.60 of loans, compared with 307.1 million, or 1.52 of loans, at December 31, 2023. Our nonaccrual loans decreased from 151.1 million at December 31, 2023 to 95.5 million at September 30, 2024. For the first nine months of 2024, our net charge off ratio as a percentage of average loans decreased to 0.19 , compared with 0.25 for the first nine months of 2023. The total provision for credit losses for the first nine months of 2024 was 46.0 million, decreasing from a provision of 119.7 million recorded for the first nine months of 2023. Our ratio of total nonperforming assets to total assets was down 25 basis points from 0.69 at December 31, 2023 to 0.44 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 52 

The following table presents an analysis of the allowance for credit losses on loans, provision for credit losses on loans and net charge-offs as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Balance of allowance for credit losses on loans at beginning of period 307,100 205,677 Adjustment to allowance for adoption of ASU 2022-02 (1,711) Provision charged to operating expense 57,184 123,114 Charge-offs: Commercial, financial and agricultural 40,150 42,068 Consumer 2,836 4,140 Indirect automobile 138 135 Premium finance 6,910 5,220 Real estate commercial and farmland 571 3,320 Real estate residential 49 231 Total charge-offs 50,654 55,114 Recoveries: Commercial, financial and agricultural 12,286 10,333 Consumer 611 694 Indirect automobile 466 599 Premium finance 6,605 4,701 Real estate construction and development 54 646 Real estate commercial and farmland 655 476 Real estate residential 150 689 Total recoveries 20,827 18,138 Net charge-offs 29,827 36,976 Balance of allowance for credit losses on loans at end of period 334,457 290,104 
 
 The following table presents an analysis of the allowance for credit losses on loans and net charge-offs for loans held for investment: 
 
 As of and for the Nine Months Ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Allowance for credit losses on loans at end of period 334,457 290,104 Net charge-offs for the period 29,827 36,976 Loan balances: End of period 20,964,981 20,201,079 Average for the period 20,722,659 20,121,143 Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans (annualized) 0.19 0.25 Allowance for credit losses on loans as a percentage of end of period loans 1.60 1.44 
 
 53 

Loans 
 
 Loans are stated at amortized cost. Balances within the major loans receivable categories are presented in the following table: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial, financial and agricultural 2,949,957 2,688,929 Consumer 210,310 241,552 Indirect automobile 10,891 34,257 Mortgage warehouse 985,910 818,728 Municipal 449,561 492,668 Premium finance 1,246,452 946,562 Real estate construction and development 2,232,114 2,129,187 Real estate commercial and farmland 8,249,981 8,059,754 Real estate residential 4,629,805 4,857,666 20,964,981 20,269,303 
 
 Commercial real estate CRE represents the Company's largest loan category. The Company regularly monitors its CRE portfolio against regulatory concentration limits. Additionally, the Company manages its risk in the CRE portfolio through, among other things, established policy limits on loan-to-value or loan-to-cost at or below applicable regulatory guidance, use of internal lending limits on single loans to minimize exposure to a given project, annual reviews of borrowers and guarantors above certain total credit exposure thresholds, minimum required debt service coverage ratios and borrower equity levels. Exceptions to policy must be approved by an individual or committee with appropriate approval authority. 
 
 A summary of the Company's CRE portfolio by loan type and credit quality indicator as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is below: 
 
 September 30, 2024 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Pass Other Assets Especially Mentioned Substandard Total Farmland 136,305 2,169 678 139,152 Multifamily residential 1,295,806 110 1,295,916 Owner occupied CRE 1,851,161 7,126 39,362 1,897,649 Non-owner occupied CRE 4,822,821 84,830 9,613 4,917,264 Total real estate - commercial and farmland 8,106,093 94,235 49,653 8,249,981 
 
 December 31, 2023 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Pass Other Assets Especially Mentioned Substandard Total Farmland 158,456 635 159,091 Multifamily residential 877,970 50,000 927,970 Owner occupied CRE 1,858,658 29,668 27,114 1,915,440 Non-owner occupied CRE 4,973,466 67,362 16,425 5,057,253 Total real estate - commercial and farmland 7,868,550 147,030 44,174 8,059,754 
 
 54 

The Company's non-owner occupied portfolio is well diversified. Below is a summary of the non-owner occupied CRE portfolio by property type as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 Anchored Retail 1,092,365 1,143,155 Office 948,783 1,017,627 Warehouse / industrial 711,876 679,877 Strip center, non-anchored 557,401 582,921 Hotel 432,559 460,060 Retail 369,011 373,507 Mini storage warehouse 338,983 337,660 Medical office building 238,825 219,318 Assisted living facilities 115,047 132,900 Miscellaneous 112,414 110,228 Total non-owner occupied CRE 4,917,264 5,057,253 

Non-Performing Assets 
 
 Non-performing assets include nonaccrual loans, accruing loans contractually past due 90 days or more, repossessed personal property, and OREO. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when management has concerns relating to the ability to collect the principal and interest and generally when such loans are 90 days or more past due. Management performs a detailed review and valuation assessment of non-performing loans over 250,000 on a quarterly basis. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, any interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current income. 
 
 Nonaccrual loans totaled 95.5 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 55.6 million, or 36.8 , from 151.1 million at December 31, 2023. Accruing loans delinquent 90 days or more totaled 12.2 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 4.8 million, or 28.0 , compared with 17.0 million at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, OREO totaled 9.5 million, an increase of 3.3 million, or 53.0 , compared with 6.2 million at December 31, 2023. Management regularly assesses the valuation of OREO through periodic reappraisal and through inquiries received in the marketing process. At the end of the third quarter of 2024, total non-performing assets as a percent of total assets was down 25.00 basis points from 0.69 at December 31, 2023 to 0.44 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Non-performing assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans (1) 
 95,507 151,117 Accruing loans delinquent 90 days or more 12,234 16,988 Repossessed assets 19 17 Other real estate owned 9,482 6,199 Total non-performing assets 117,242 174,321 
 
 (1) Included in nonaccrual loans were 8.2 million and 90.2 million of serviced GNMA-guaranteed nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Commercial Lending Practices 
 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies previously issued interagency guidance on commercial real estate lending and prudent risk management practices. This guidance defines CRE loans as loans secured by raw land, land development and construction (including one-to-four family residential construction), multi-family property and non-farm nonresidential property where the primary or a significant source of repayment is derived from rental income associated with the property, excluding owner-occupied properties (loans for which 50 or more of the source of repayment is derived from the ongoing operations and activities conducted by the party, or affiliate of the party, who owns the property) or the proceeds of the sale, refinancing or permanent financing of the property. Loans for owner-occupied CRE are generally excluded from the CRE guidance. 
 
 55 

The CRE guidance is applicable when either: 
 
 (1) total loans for construction, land development, and other land, net of owner-occupied loans, represent 100 or more of a tier I capital plus allowance for credit losses on loans and leases; or 
 (2) total loans secured by multifamily and nonfarm nonresidential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land, net of owner-occupied loans, represent 300 or more of a bank s tier I capital plus allowance for credit losses on loans and leases. 
 
 Banks that are subject to the CRE guidance criteria are required to implement enhanced strategic planning, CRE underwriting policies, risk management and internal controls, portfolio stress testing, risk exposure limits, and other policies, including management compensation and incentives, to address the CRE risks. Higher allowances for loan losses and capital levels may also be appropriate. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company exhibited a concentration in the CRE loan category based on Federal Reserve Call codes. The primary risks of CRE lending are: 
 
 (1) within CRE loans, construction and development loans are somewhat dependent upon continued strength in demand for residential real estate, which is reliant on favorable real estate mortgage rates and changing population demographics; 
 (2) on average, CRE loan sizes are generally larger than non-CRE loan types; and 
 (3) certain construction and development loans may be less predictable and more difficult to evaluate and monitor. 
 
 The following table outlines CRE loan categories and CRE loans as a percentage of total loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The loan categories and concentrations below are based on Federal Reserve Call codes: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Balance of Total Loans Balance of Total Loans Construction and development loans 2,232,115 11 2,129,187 11 Multi-family loans 1,295,916 6 927,970 5 Nonfarm non-residential loans (excluding owner-occupied) 4,917,264 23 5,057,253 25 Total CRE Loans (excluding owner-occupied) 
 8,445,295 40 8,114,410 40 All other loan types 12,519,686 60 12,154,893 60 Total Loans 20,964,981 100 20,269,303 100 
 
 The following table outlines the percentage of construction and development loans and total CRE loans, net of owner-occupied loans, to the Bank s tier I capital plus allowance for credit losses on loans and leases, and the Company s internal concentration limits as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 Internal Limit Actual September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Construction and development loans 100 71 74 Total CRE loans (excluding owner-occupied) 300 270 282 

Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 
 The Company has forward contracts and IRLCs to economically hedge changes in the value of the mortgage inventory due to changes in market interest rates. The fair value of IRLC instruments amounted to an asset of 5.1 million and 3.6 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 forward contracts were recorded with a liability balance of 2.0 million and 5.8 million, respectively. The Company also enters into interest rate derivative agreements to facilitate the risk management strategies of certain clients. The Company mitigates this risk by entering into equal and offsetting interest rate derivative agreements with highly rated third-party financial institutions. The fair value of these instruments amounted to an asset of 6.6 million and 5.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and a liability of 7.0 million and 6.2 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 56 

Deposits 
 
 Total deposits at the Company increased 1.17 billion, or 5.7 , to 21.88 billion at September 30, 2024, compared with 20.71 billion at December 31, 2023. Noninterest-bearing deposits increased 178.7 million, or 2.8 , and interest-bearing deposits increased 992.1 million, or 7.0 , during the first nine months of 2024. At September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately 1.64 billion in short-term brokered CDs, compared with 1.14 billion at December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had estimated uninsured deposits of 9.47 billion and 9.13 billion, respectively. These estimates were derived using the same methodologies and assumptions used for the Bank's regulatory reporting. Approximately 2.64 billion, or 27.9 , of the uninsured deposits at September 30, 2024 were for municipalities which are collateralized with investment securities or letters of credit. 

Capital 
 
 Common Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On September 19, 2019, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to 100.0 million of its outstanding common stock through October 31, 2020. The Board has subsequently extended the share repurchase program each year since that original authorization, with the most recent extension, which also included the replenishment of the program to 100.0 million, being announced on October 24, 2024. As a result, the Company is currently authorized to engage in additional share repurchases up to 100.0 million through October 31, 2025. Repurchases of shares must be made in accordance with applicable securities laws and may be made from time to time in the open market or by negotiated transactions. The amount and timing of repurchases will be based on a variety of factors, including share acquisition price, regulatory limitations and other market and economic factors. The program does not require the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares. As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of 8.3 million, or 194,274 shares of the Company's common stock, had been repurchased under the program's October 26, 2023 renewal, which also included the replenishment of the program to 100.0 million. 
 
 Capital Management 
 
 Capital management consists of providing equity to support both current and anticipated future operations. The capital resources of the Company are monitored on a periodic basis by state and federal regulatory authorities. 
 
 Under the regulatory capital frameworks adopted by the Federal Reserve Board (the "FRB") and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC"), the Company and the Bank must each maintain a common equity Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 6 , a total capital to total risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 8 and a leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets of at least 4 . The Company and the Bank are also required to maintain a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital of at least 2.5 of risk-weighted assets in addition to the minimum risk-based capital ratios in order to avoid certain restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments. 
 
 In March 2020, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the FRB and the FDIC issued an interim final rule that delays the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from the implementation of CECL. The interim final rule provides banking organizations that implement CECL in 2020 the option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period. As a result, the Company and Bank elected the five-year transition relief allowed under the interim final rule effective March 31, 2020. 
 
 57 

As of September 30, 2024, under the regulatory capital standards, the Bank was considered well capitalized under all capital measurements. The following table sets forth the regulatory capital ratios of for the Company and the Bank at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio (tier 1 capital to average assets) 
 Consolidated 10.40 9.93 Ameris Bank 11.14 10.69 CET1 Ratio (common equity tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets) 
 Consolidated 12.16 11.23 Ameris Bank 13.02 12.09 Tier 1 Capital Ratio (tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets) 
 Consolidated 12.16 11.23 Ameris Bank 13.02 12.09 Total Capital Ratio (total capital to risk weighted assets) 
 Consolidated 15.35 14.45 Ameris Bank 14.61 13.69 

Interest Rate Sensitivity and Liquidity 
 
 The Company s primary market risk exposures are credit risk, interest rate risk, and liquidity risk. The Bank operates under an Asset Liability Management Policy approved by the Company s Board of Directors and the ALCO Committee. The policy outlines limits on interest rate risk in terms of changes in net interest income and changes in the net market values of assets and liabilities over certain changes in interest rate environments. These measurements are made through a simulation model which projects the impact of changes in interest rates on the Bank s assets and liabilities. The policy also outlines responsibility for monitoring interest rate risk, and the process for the approval, implementation and monitoring of interest rate risk strategies to achieve the Bank s interest rate risk objectives. 
 
 The ALCO Committee is comprised of senior officers of Ameris. The ALCO Committee makes all strategic decisions with respect to the sources and uses of funds that may affect net interest income, including net interest spread and net interest margin. The objective of the ALCO Committee is to identify the interest rate, liquidity and market value risks of the Company s balance sheet and use reasonable methods approved by the Company s Board of Directors and executive management to minimize those identified risks. 
 
 The normal course of business activity exposes the Company to interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is managed within an overall asset and liability framework for the Company. The principal objectives of asset and liability management are to predict the sensitivity of net interest spreads to potential changes in interest rates, control risk and enhance profitability. Funding positions are kept within predetermined limits designed to properly manage risk and liquidity. The Company employs sensitivity analysis in the form of a net interest income simulation to help characterize the market risk arising from changes in interest rates. In addition, fluctuations in interest rates usually result in changes in the fair market value of the Company s financial instruments, cash flows and net interest income. The Company s interest rate risk position is managed by the ALCO Committee. 
 
 The Company uses a simulation modeling process to measure interest rate risk and evaluate potential strategies. Interest rate scenario models are prepared using software created and licensed from an outside vendor. The Company s simulation includes all financial assets and liabilities. Simulation results quantify interest rate risk under various interest rate scenarios. Management then develops and implements appropriate strategies. The ALCO Committee has determined that an acceptable level of interest rate risk would be for net interest income to increase/decrease no more than 20 given a change in selected interest rates of 200 basis points over any 24-month period. 
 
 Liquidity management involves the matching of the cash flow requirements of customers, who may be either depositors desiring to withdraw funds or borrowers needing assurance that sufficient funds will be available to meet their credit needs, and the ability of Ameris to manage those requirements. The Company strives to maintain an adequate liquidity position by managing the balances and maturities of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities so that the balance it has in short-term assets at any given time will adequately cover any reasonably anticipated immediate need for funds. Additionally, the Bank maintains relationships with correspondent banks, which could provide funds on short notice, if needed. The Company has invested in FHLB stock for the purpose of establishing credit lines with the FHLB. The credit availability to the Bank is equal to 30 of the Bank s total assets as reported on the most recent quarterly financial information submitted to the regulators subject to the pledging of sufficient collateral. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the net carrying value of the 
 58 

Company s other borrowings was 346.4 million and 509.6 million, respectively. At September 30, 2024, the Company had availability with the FHLB and FRB Discount Window of 3.94 billion and 2.49 billion, respectively. 
 
 The following liquidity ratios compare certain assets and liabilities to total deposits or total assets: 
 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Investment securities available-for-sale to total deposits 6.59 7.14 6.74 6.77 6.92 Loans (net of unearned income) to total deposits 95.82 97.89 98.11 97.88 98.11 Interest-earning assets to total assets 92.09 92.17 91.91 91.67 91.67 Interest-bearing deposits to total deposits 69.51 68.99 68.86 68.65 68.00 
 
 The liquidity resources of the Company are monitored continually by the ALCO Committee and on a periodic basis by state and federal regulatory authorities. As determined under guidelines established by these regulatory authorities, the Company s and the Bank s liquidity ratios at September 30, 2024 were considered satisfactory. The Company is aware of no events or trends likely to result in a material change in liquidity. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 The Company is exposed only to U.S. dollar interest rate changes, and, accordingly, the Company manages exposure by considering the possible changes in the net interest margin. The Company does not have any trading instruments nor does it classify any portion of the investment portfolio as held for trading. 
 
 The Company also has forward contracts and IRLCs to economically hedge changes in the value of the mortgage inventory due to changes in market interest rates. The fair value of these instruments amounted to an asset of approximately 5.1 million and 3.6 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and a liability of 2.0 million and 5.8 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company also enters into interest rate derivative agreements to facilitate the risk management strategies of certain clients. The Company mitigates this risk by entering into equal and offsetting interest rate derivative agreements with highly rated third-party financial institutions. The fair value of these instruments amounted to an asset of 6.6 million and 5.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and a liability of 7.0 million and 6.2 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company has no exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk, commodity price risk and other market risks. 
 
 Interest rates play a major part in the net interest income of a financial institution. The sensitivity to rate changes is known as interest rate risk. The repricing of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities can influence the changes in net interest income. As part of the Company s asset/liability management program, the timing of repriced assets and liabilities is referred to as gap management. 
 
 The Company uses simulation analysis to monitor changes in net interest income due to changes in market interest rates. The simulation of rising, declining and flat interest rate scenarios allows management to monitor and adjust interest rate sensitivity to minimize the impact of market interest rate swings. The analysis of the impact on net interest income over a 12-month and 24-month period is subjected to gradual and parallel shocks of 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis point increases and decreases in market rates and is monitored on a quarterly basis. 
 
 59 

The following table presents the earnings simulation model s projected impact of a change in interest rates on the projected baseline net interest income for the 12- and 24-month periods commencing October 1, 2024. This change in interest rates assumes parallel shifts in the yield curve and does not take into account changes in the slope of the yield curve. 
 
 Earnings Simulation Model Results Change in Change in Projected Baseline Interest Rates Net Interest Income (in bps) 12 Months 24 Months 400 (5.3) 8.1 300 (0.8) 8.3 200 1.1 6.5 100 0.8 3.8 (100) (0.8) (3.9) (200) (1.6) (8.3) (300) (2.2) (12.7) (400) (2.0) (15.2) 
 
 Additional information required by Item 305 of Regulation S-K is set forth under Part I, Item 2 of this report. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report, as required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on such evaluation, such officers have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 of the Exchange Act that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 60 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Disclosure concerning legal proceedings can be found in Part I - "Financial Information, Item 1. Financial Statements, Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies" under the caption, "Litigation and Regulatory Contingencies," which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 There have not been any material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A. of Part I of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, previously filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 The table below sets forth information regarding the Company s repurchase of shares of its outstanding common stock during the three month period ended September 30, 2024. 
 Period Total 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Purchased 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate 
 Dollar Value of 
 Shares That 
 May Yet be 
 Purchased 
 Under the Plans 
 or Programs (1) 
 July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 91,704,867 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 91,704,867 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 91,704,867 Total 91,704,867 
 (1) On September 19, 2019, the Company announced that its board of directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to 100.0 million of its outstanding common stock through October 31, 2020. The Board has subsequently extended the share repurchase program each year since the original authorization, with the most recent extension, which also included the replenishment of the program to 100.0 million, being announced on October 24, 2024. As a result, the Company is currently authorized to engage in additional share repurchases totaling up to 100.0 million through October 31, 2025. Repurchases of shares must be made in accordance with applicable securities laws and may be made from time to time in the open market or by negotiated transactions. The amount and timing of repurchases will be based on a variety of factors, including share acquisition price, regulatory limitations and other market and economic factors. The program does not require the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares. As of September 30, 2024, an aggregate of 8.3 million, or 194,274 shares of the Company's common stock, had been repurchased under the program's October 26, 2023 renewal, which also included the replenishment of the program to 100.0 million. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 61 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or Section 16 officer of the Company or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 On November 6, 2024, the Company and the Bank, together with H. Palmer Proctor, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Bank, entered into a Second Amendment (the Amendment to Mr. Proctor s Employment Agreement dated as of December 17, 2018 (as previously amended, the Employment Agreement ). The Amendment, which will become effective on July 2, 2027 in the event the term of the Employment Agreement is again renewed at such time for an additional three-year period, conforms certain of the provisions in the Employment Agreement, relating to the definition of Change of Control and the form of payment of severance to be made in the event Mr. Proctor has a termination of employment on or within one year following a Change of Control, to the terms of the Severance Protection and Restrictive Covenants Agreements previously entered into by the Company, the Bank and other executive officers. 
 62 

Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of Ameris Bancorp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Ameris Bancorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2023). 3.2 
 Bylaws of Ameris Bancorp, as amended and restated through February 23, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Ameris Bancorp's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2023). 10.1 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement by and among Ameris Bancorp, Ameris Bank and H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. dated as of November 6, 2024. 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification by the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 Management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 

63 

SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: November 8, 2024 AMERIS BANCORP /s/ Nicole S. Stokes Nicole S. Stokes Chief Financial Officer (duly authorized signatory and principal accounting and financial officer) 
 
 64 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 secondamendmenttoemploymen.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 SECOND AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 This SECOND AMENDMENT (this Amendment to the Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement ), dated as of December 17, 2018, by and among Ameris Bancorp, a Georgia corporation, Ameris Bank, a Georgia banking corporation, and H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. Executive is executed as of November 6, 2024. Ameris Bancorp and Ameris Bank are referred to collectively as Ameris . 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the current term of Executive s employment under the Employment Agreement will end on July 1, 2027 (the Current Expiration Date ), provided that such term will be automatically extended for an additional one-year period unless within one hundred eighty (180) days prior to July 1, 2025 Ameris provides notice to Executive that Executive s employment under the Employment Agreement will not be so extended and 
 WHEREAS , Ameris and Executive desire to amend the Employment Agreement, to be effective in the event the Employment Agreement is extended beyond the Current Expiration Date, to conform certain of the provisions in the Employment Agreement, relating to the definition of Change of Control and the form of payment of severance to be made in the event that Executive s termination occurs on or within one year following a Change of Control, to the terms of the Severance Protection and Restrictive Covenants Agreements between Ameris and other executive officers 
 NOW, THEREFORE , Ameris and Executive, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 1. Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective on July 2, 2027 (the Effective Date ). In the event that the term of the Employment Agreement is not extended beyond the Current Expiration Date, or in the event Executive s employment terminates prior to the Effective Date, this Amendment shall be null and void ab initio. Except as expressly set forth herein, the Employment Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
 2. Amendment to Section 3(b)(iii) . Section 3(b)(iii) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following sentence to the end thereof 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3(b)(iii), in the event that the Termination Date occurs at the time of, or prior to the first anniversary of, a Change of Control, the Severance Payment shall be paid in a lump sum at the time the first installment would otherwise be paid in accordance with such foregoing provisions. 
 1. Amendment to Section 22 . Section 22 of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following after the first sentence thereof 
 For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each payment made under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment and the right to a series of installment payments under this Agreement is to be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In no event shall Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment. Executive 

Exhibit 10.1 

 acknowledges that Ameris has not made, and does not make, any representation or warranty regarding the treatment of this Agreement or the benefits payable under this Agreement under federal, state or local income tax laws, including, but not limited to, Section 409A of the Code or compliance with the requirements thereof. 
 1. Amendment to Section 23(d) . Section 23(d) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 (d) Change of Control means the occurrence hereafter of any event described below 
 (i) any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) (for purposes of this Section 23(d), a Person becomes the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under such Act) of thirty percent (30 or more of either (A) the then-outstanding shares of common stock of Ameris Bancorp (the Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Common Stock or (B) the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of Ameris Bancorp entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Voting Securities provided , however , that, for purposes of this definition, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control (w) any acquisition directly from Ameris Bancorp (x) any acquisition by Ameris Bancorp (y) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by Ameris Bancorp or (z) any acquisition pursuant to a transaction that complies with clauses (iii)(A), (iii)(B) and (iii)(C) below 
 (ii) individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided , however , that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by Ameris Bancorp s shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual was a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board 
 (iii) consummation of a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar transaction involving Ameris Bancorp or any of its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, Ameris Bank, a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Ameris Bancorp, or the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity by Ameris Bancorp or any of its subsidiaries (each, a Business Combination ), in each case unless, following such Business Combination, (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities that were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Common Stock and the Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, greater than fifty percent (50 of the then-outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent securities) and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body), as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity that, as a result of such transaction, owns Ameris Bancorp or all or substantially all of 

Exhibit 10.1 

 Ameris Bancorp s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Common Stock and the Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Voting Securities, as the case may be, (B) no Person (excluding any entity resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of Ameris Bancorp or such entity resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, thirty percent (30 or more of, respectively, the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent securities) resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of such entity, except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body) of the entity resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or of the action of the Board providing for such Business Combination or 
 (iv) approval by the shareholders of Ameris Bancorp of a complete liquidation or dissolution of Ameris Bancorp. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur solely because any Person acquires beneficial ownership of more than thirty percent (30 of the Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Common Stock or the Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Voting Securities as a result of the acquisition of Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Common Stock or Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Voting Securities by Ameris Bancorp which reduces the number thereof outstanding provided , however , that if after such acquisition by Ameris Bancorp such Person becomes the beneficial owner of additional Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Common Stock or Outstanding Ameris Bancorp Voting Securities, as the case may be, that increases the percentage thereof beneficially owned by such Person, a Change of Control shall then occur and (y) a Change of Control shall not occur (except for purposes of Sections 1(a) and 2(b)) unless, with respect to any payments otherwise subject to Section 409A, such transaction constitutes a change in the ownership of Ameris Bancorp, a change in effective control of Ameris Bancorp or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of Ameris Bancorp s assets under Section 409A. 
 1. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be deemed to be made in, and in all respects shall be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with the laws of, the State of Georgia, excluding its conflicts of laws. 
 2. Written Instrument Amendment . The parties acknowledge that this Amendment is a written instrument and that by their signatures below they are agreeing to the terms and conditions contained in this Amendment. 
 Signature page follows 

Exhibit 10.1 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 
 AMERIS BANCORP 
 By s Michael Pierson 
 Name Michael Pierson 
 Title Chief Governance Officer 
 AMERIS BANK 
 By s Michael Pierson 
 Name Michael Pierson 
 Title Chief Governance Officer 
 H. PALMER PROCTOR, JR. 
 s H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 abcb_exhibit311x093024-10xq.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, H. Palmer Proctor, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, of Ameris Bancorp 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 8, 2024 s H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 abcb_exhibit312x093024-10xq.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Nicole S. Stokes, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, of Ameris Bancorp 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 8, 2024 s Nicole S. Stokes Nicole S. Stokes, Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting and financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 abcb_exhibit321x093024-10xq.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, H. Palmer Proctor, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of Ameris Bancorp (the Company ), do hereby certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ending September 30, 2024 (the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 8, 2024 s H. Palmer Proctor, Jr. H. Palmer Proctor, Jr., Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 abcb_exhibit322x093024-10xq.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Nicole S. Stokes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ameris Bancorp (the Company ), do hereby certify, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 1. The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ending September 30, 2024 (the Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 8, 2024 s Nicole S. Stokes Nicole S. Stokes, Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting and financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 abcb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 abcb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 abcb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 abcb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 abcb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

