<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-K-A_edgar_data_1578329_0001185185-24-001093.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1485038</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75220</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>305323</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>469849</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>269182</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>315954</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001185185-24-001093.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108165121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-24-001093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		30
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APEX 11 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001578329
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				462845657
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54964
		FILM NUMBER:		241441458

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8217 E SPANISH BOOT ROAD
		CITY:			CAREFREE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85377
		BUSINESS PHONE:		480-575-6555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8217 E SPANISH BOOT ROAD
		CITY:			CAREFREE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85377

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001185185-24-001093.txt : 20241108

10-K/A
 1
 apex1120231231_10ka.htm
 FORM 10-K/A

apex1120231231_10ka.htm 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Amendment No. 1 

(Mark One) 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR SECTION 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 For the fiscal year ended , 	 	 	 	 	 OR 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 For the transition period from to . 	 	 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 	 incorporation or organization) 	 	 	 	 	 	 (I.R.S. Employer 	 Identification No.) 	 	 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or, an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company , in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 Accelerated filer 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Smaller reporting company 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 Emerging growth company 	 	 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At March 19, 2024 there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Apex 11 Inc. 

FORM 10-K 

For The Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

1 

Item 1. Business. 

1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

2 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

2 

Item 2. Properties. 

2 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

2 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

2 

PART II 

3 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

3 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

3 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 

3 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

7 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

8 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

15 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

15 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

16 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
			 16 

PART III 

17 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

17 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

19 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

22 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

22 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

23 

Item 15. Exhibits. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

25 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Our Company 

Apex 11 Inc. incorporated in the State of Delaware on May 20, 2013, to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company has been in the developmental stage since inception and has no operations to date. Other than issuing shares to its original shareholder, the Company never commenced any operational activities. 

Our principal executive offices are located at 8217 East Spanish Boot Road, Carefree, Arizona 85377. Our telephone number is (480) 619-1575. Our fiscal year end is December 31. 

Principal Business 

Apex 11 Inc. intends to seek to acquire assets or shares of an entity actively engaged in business which generates revenues, in exchange for its securities. The Company will not restrict its search to any specific business, industry, or geographical location and the Company may participate in a business venture of virtually any kind or nature. The Company may seek a business opportunity with entities which have recently commenced operations, or which wish to utilize the public marketplace in order to raise additional capital in order to expand into new products or markets, to develop a new product or service, or for other corporate purposes. The Company may acquire assets and establish wholly-owned subsidiaries in various businesses or acquire existing businesses as subsidiaries. 

One of the methods the Company will use to find potential merger or acquisition candidates will be to run classified ads in the Wall Street Journal and similar publications periodically seeking companies which are looking to merge with a public shell. Other methods included personal contacts and contacts gained through social networking. There is no evidence showing that these methods of identifying a suitable merger opportunity will be successful. 

The Company anticipates that the selection of a business opportunity in which to participate will be complex and extremely risky. Due to general economic conditions, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages of available capital, our officer and director, Mr. Anthony Iarocci, and our director, Mr. Michael J. Schnaus, believe that there are numerous firms seeking the perceived benefits of a publicly registered corporation. Such perceived benefits may include facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be sought, providing liquidity for incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees, providing liquidity (subject to restrictions of applicable statutes) for all shareholders and other factors. Business opportunities may be available in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. 

The analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by, or under the supervision of, the officer and our directors of the Company and they are not a professional business analysts. Our officer and directors, Mr. Iarocci and Mr. Schnaus, intend to concentrate on identifying preliminary prospective business opportunities which may be brought to their attention through present associations of the Company's office and directors. In analyzing prospective business opportunities, our sole officer and directors will consider such matters as the available technical, financial and managerial resources; working capital and other financial requirements; history of operations, if any; prospects for the future; nature of present and expected competition; the quality and experience of management services which may be available and the depth of that management; the potential for further research, development, or exploration; specific risk factors not now foreseeable but which then may be anticipated to impact the proposed activities of the Company; the potential for growth or expansion; the potential for profit; the perceived public recognition or acceptance of products, services, or trades; name identification; and other relevant factors. Our officer and directors, Mr. Iarocci and Mr. Schnaus, will meet personally with management and key personnel of the business opportunity as part of his investigation. To the extent possible, the Company intends to utilize written reports and personal investigation to evaluate the above factors. The Company will not acquire or merger with any company for which audited financial statements cannot be obtained. 

1

Table of Contents 

Our officer and directors, Mr. Iarocci and Mr. Schnaus, while not experienced in matters relating to the new business of the Company, will rely upon their own efforts in accomplishing the business purposes of the Company. It is not anticipated that any outside consultants or advisors, other than the Company's legal counsel and accountants, will be utilized by the Company to effectuate its business purposes described herein. However, if the Company does retain such an outside consultant or advisor, any cash fee earned by such party will need to be paid by the prospective merger/acquisition candidate, as the Company has no cash assets with which to pay such obligation. 

The Company will not restrict its search for any specific kind of firms, but may acquire a venture which is in its preliminary or development stage, which is already in operation, or in essentially any stage of its corporate life. It is impossible to predict at this time the status of any business in which the Company may become engaged, in that such business may need to seek additional capital, may desire to have its shares publicly traded, or may seek other perceived advantages which the Company may offer. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to government regulations that regulate businesses generally, such as compliance with regulatory requirements of federal, state, and local agencies and authorities, including regulations concerning workplace safety and labor relations. In addition, our operations are affected by federal and state laws relating to marketing practices in the music industry. Environmental laws and regulations do not materially impact our operations. 

Research and Development 

We have not spent any funds on research and development activities in connection with our business. 

Personnel 

As of December 31, 2023, we employed one person on a part-time basis. Our employee is not subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our relationship with our employee is good. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are located at 8217 East Spanish Boot Road, Carefree, Arizona 85377. The Company does not own or rent property. The office space is provided by our officer and director at no charge. We believe that this space is presently adequate for our needs. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not a party to any legal proceedings, nor are we aware of any threatened litigation whatsoever. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

2

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

None. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively, there was one shareholder of record of the Company s common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance our operations, and to expand our business. Subject to the rights of holders of preferred stock, any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, limitations under Florida law and other factors that our board of directors considers appropriate. 

Recent Sales of Registered Securities 

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing in this Form 10-K and are hereby referenced. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this report. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report. We believe it is important to communicate our expectations. However, our management disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted and is likely to further adversely impact the Company's business and markets. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will directly or indirectly impact the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition, including revenues, expenses, reserves and allowances, fair value measurements and asset impairment charges, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. These developments include, but are not limited to, the duration and spread of the pandemic, its severity in our markets and elsewhere, governmental actions to contain the spread of the pandemic and respond to the reduction in global economic activity, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. 

These forward-looking statements are based on our management s current expectations and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. You should not rely upon these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events because we cannot assure you that the events or circumstances reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. You can identify a forward-looking statement by the use of the forward-terminology, including words such as may , will , believes , anticipates , estimates , expects , continues , should , seeks , intends , plans , and/or words of similar import, or the negative of these words and phrases or other variations of these words and phrases or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements relate to, among other things: our sales, results of operations and anticipated cash flows; capital expenditures; depreciation and amortization expenses; sales, general and administrative expenses; our ability to maintain and develop relationship with our existing and potential future customers, and, our ability to maintain a level of investment that is required to remain competitive. Many factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: variability of our revenues and financial performance; risks associated with technological changes; the acceptance of our products in the marketplace by existing and potential customers; disruption of operations or increases in expenses due to our involvement with litigation or caused by civil or political unrest or other catastrophic events; general economic conditions, government mandates; and, the continued employment of our key personnel and other risks associated with competition. 

3

Table of Contents 

Overview 

Apex 11, Inc. (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on May 20, 2013 and has been inactive since inception. The Company intends to serve as a vehicle to affect an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business. 

Plan of Operation 

Apex 11 Inc. intends to seek to acquire assets or shares of an entity actively engaged in business which generates revenues, in exchange for its securities. Apex 11 plans to enter into negotiations regarding such an acquisition. The Company will obtain audited financial statements of a target entity. The Board of Directors does intend to obtain certain assurances of value of the target entity's assets prior to consummating such a transaction. These assurances consist mainly of financial statements. The Company will also examine business, occupational and similar licenses and permits, physical facilities, trademarks, copyrights, and corporate records including articles of incorporation, by-laws and minutes if applicable. In the event that no such assurances are provided the Company will not move forward with a combination with this target. Closing documents relative thereto will include representations that the value of the assets conveyed to or otherwise so transferred will not materially differ from the representations included in such closing documents. 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2023, compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Revenues . The Company did not have any revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023, or 2022. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023, were 31,892 as compared to 37,238 for year ended December 31, 2022. General and administrative expenses decreased due to the Company incurring less expenses related to being a public reporting company, including service fees and for preparing our SEC reports. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We measure our liquidity in a number of ways, including the following: 

As of 

As of 

December 31, 2023 

December 31, 2022 

Cash 

0 

0 

Accumulated (Deficit) 

(232,399 

(200,507 

Current Liabilities 

360 

433 

Impact of Inflation 

We believe that the rate of inflation has had negligible effect on our operations. We believe we can absorb most, if not all, increased non-controlled operating costs by increasing sales prices, whenever deemed necessary and by operating our Company in the most efficient manner possible. 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

We experienced negative cash flow from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2023, in the amount of 0 due to cash used to fund a net loss of 31,892 adjusted for the increase in accounts payable for legal and accounting services to being a public reporting company. We experienced negative cash flow from operating activities for the period ended December 31, 2022, in the amount of 0 due to cash used to fund a net loss of 37,238, adjusted for the increase in accounts payable for legal and accounting services to being a public reporting company. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

We experienced no cash flow from investing activities for years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022. 

4

Table of Contents 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

We experienced positive cash flow from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2023, due to related party loans, and related to cash deposited in the trust account. 

Availability of Additional Funds 

Based on our working capital as of December 31, 2023, we will need additional equity and/or debt financing to continue our operations during the next 12 months. See Description of Business . 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Our significant estimates and assumptions include amortization, the fair value of our stock, and the valuation allowance relating to the Company s deferred tax assets. 

We qualify as an emerging growth company , as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, which became law in April 2012. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies , can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. However, the Company has not commenced operations and has accumulated a capital deficit as of December 31, 2022. The Company currently has limited liquidity and has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. Management has evaluated these factors and has determined that they raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Reference is made to the Organization and Significant Accounting Pronouncements in Note 1 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this report for information related to new accounting pronouncements. 

Material Commitments 

There were no material commitments for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Purchase of Furniture and Equipment 

There were no purchases of computers and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2023, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

5

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 

We regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. In general, management's estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

We consider all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We have no cash equivalents. 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized at an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for such goods or services. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Share Based Payments 

We recognize compensation cost for stock-based awards to employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718, over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche, as if multiple awards were granted. Compensation cost is based on grant-date fair value using quoted market prices for our common stock. We recognize compensation cost for stock-based awards to nonemployees in accordance with ASC Topic 505.6 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share 

The Company computes earnings per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share . Under the provisions of ASC 260, basic earnings per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. There were no potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes as outlined in ASC 740, Income Taxes . Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 

6

Table of Contents 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements (ASC 820) and ASC 825, Financial Instruments (ASC 825), requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. It establishes a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. It prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1 - Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 - Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level 3 - Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The carrying values of cash, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair value. Pursuant to ASC 820 and 825, the fair value of cash is determined based on "Level 1" inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The recorded values of all other financial instruments approximate their current fair values because of their nature and respective maturity dates or durations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Reference is made to the Organization and Significant Accounting Pronouncements in Note 1 to our financial statements included elsewhere in this report for information related to new accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We are not subject to risks related to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our functional currency is the United States dollar. We do not transact our business in other currencies. As a result, we are not subject to exposure from movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. 

7

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

Apex 11, Inc. 

OPINION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Apex 11, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Apex 11, Inc. as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT THE COMPANY S ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

BASIS FOR OPINION 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

CRITICAL AUDIT MATTERS 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

March 19, 2024 

PCAOB ID Number 

8

Table of Contents 

APEX 11, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

2023 

2022 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY DEFICIENCY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIENCY 

Preferred stock; par value; shares authorized; 	 issued and outstanding 	 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized; 	 and issued and outstanding, respectively 	 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficiency 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficiency 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

9

Table of Contents 

APEX 11, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

2023 

2022 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative 

NET LOSS 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Basic and diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

10

Table of Contents 

APEX 11, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Additional 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

BALANCES, JANUARY 1, 2022 

Issuance of common stock in settlement of stockholder payable 

Net loss 

BALANCES, DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Issuance of common stock in settlement of stockholder payable 

Net loss 

BALANCES, DECEMBER 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

11

Table of Contents 

APEX 11, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

2023 

2022 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 

CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, Beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, End of year 

NON CASH FINANCING ACTIVITY 

Issuance of common stock in settlement of accrued liabilities 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

12

Table of Contents 

APEX 11, INC. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 AND 2022 

13

Table of Contents 

shares of par value preferred stock. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, no shares of preferred stock have been issued. 

Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of par value common stock. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and shares were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to its controlling stockholder for settlement of for accrued liabilities. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to its controlling stockholder for settlement of for accrued liabilities. 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax asset 

At December 31, 2023, the Company had approximately of net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards available to offset future taxable income, which begin to expire in 2033. However, a valuation allowance has been recorded reducing the NOL net deferred tax asset to because of uncertainty as to the ultimate utilization of the net operating losses to which it relates. The valuation allowance increased by and in 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The income tax benefit differed from the amount computed using the statutory federal rate of due primarily to the change in the valuation allowance during 2023 and 2022. 

14

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and financial officer and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. The COSO framework is based upon five integrated components of control: control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communications and ongoing monitoring. 

Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were not effective as of December 31, 2023 (the Evaluation Date ), to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Each of the following is deemed a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting: 

Limited or no segregation of duties and lack of multiple levels of supervision and review. 

No independent directors. 

Ineffective controls over financial reporting. 

Lack of controls over authorization related party transactions. 

15

Table of Contents 

Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth in the four items above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

Management's Remediation Initiatives 

In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we plan to initiate the following series of measures once we have the financial resources to do so: 

We will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. And, we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee, which will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when funds are available to us. 

Management believes that the appointment of outside directors to a fully functioning audit committee, would remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report, which were identified in connection with management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered independent public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

CHANGES IN CONTROL OF REGISTRANT 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

16

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our directors and executive officer, and his age as of December 31, 2023, are as follows: 

Name 

Age 

Principal Positions With Us 

Anthony J. Iarocci 

70 

President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 

Michael J. Schnaus 

70 

Director 

The following describes the business experience of each of our directors and executive officers, including other directorships held in public reporting companies, if any: 

Set forth below is the biographical information about the director and executive officers: 

Anthony J. Iarocci. 

Mr. Iarocci is our President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Iarocci has been the President and a member of the Board of Directors of Du Lac since September 2012. Mr. Iarocci has worked in the securities industry as an investment advisor and an administrator for 38 years. He is the owner of Investment Group, Inc. Mr. Iarocci has been an independent contractor of Wedbush Securities and registered as a securities representative with FINRA since December 2011. For the prior 30 years, Mr. Iarocci was a Vice President, then Senior Vice President and principal with Wedbush Securities. From 1978 to 1981, Mr. Iarocci was a registered representative for Dean Witter Reynolds (now Morgan Stanley) and became a Vice President, Investments during his tenure there. He graduated with a bachelor s degree in government from the University of Notre Dame. Mr. Iarocci completed his education with a MBA from the University of Chicago with a concentration in finance. 

Michael J. Schnaus. 

Mr. Schnaus is a member of our Board of Directors. Michael J. Schnaus is an independent consultant providing advisory services in mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances. Previously, Mr. Schnaus was the Senior Vice President of Corporate Development at Entrust Datacard Corporation until September 2016. Mr. Schnaus had been an executive with the company since 1997 and was responsible for mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances with outside companies on a global basis. Mr. Schnaus has over 33 years of experience in corporate development and finance, including with Alliant Techsystems (formerly Honeywell) from 1991 to 1997, and other publicly held companies in Los Angeles and Phoenix. Mr. Schnaus currently is a member of the Board of Directors of Du Lac. Previously, Mr. Schnaus served on the Board of Directors of other private companies in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia. Mr. Schnaus earned a bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Notre Dame and an MBA with concentrations in accounting and finance from UCLA. 

Term of Office 

All of our directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their earlier death, retirement, resignation, or removal. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of the Company s directors and officers. 

Board Composition and Committees 

The Company s Board of Directors is currently composed of two members, Anthony J. Iarocci and Michael J. Schnaus. 

We do not have a standing nominating, compensation, or audit committee. Rather, our full board of directors performs the functions of these committees. Also, we do not have a audit committee financial expert on our board of directors as that term is defined by Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. We do not believe it is necessary for our board of directors to appoint such committees because the volume of matters that come before our board of directors for consideration permits the directors to give sufficient time and attention to such matters to be involved in all decision making. 

17

Table of Contents 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None of our directors, executive officers or control persons has been involved in any of the events prescribed by Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K during the past ten years, including: 

1. 

any petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

2. 

any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being named a subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 

being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him or her from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i. 

acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

ii. 

engaging in any type of business practice; or 

iii. 

engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4. 

being subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any type of business regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, securities, investment, insurance or banking activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

5. 

being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6. 

being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

7. 

being subject to, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i. 

any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii. 

any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

iii. 

any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. 

being subject to, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

18

Table of Contents 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent (10 of our shares of common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent (10 stockholders are required by regulations promulgated by the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. With reference to transactions during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to our knowledge, all Section 16(a) forms required to be filed with the SEC were filed. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Philosophy and objectives 

Since our inception, all compensation decisions have been made by our Board of Directors. The primary objective of our compensation policies and programs with respect to executive compensation is to serve our shareholders by attracting, retaining and motivating talented and qualified individuals to manage and lead our business. We will focus on providing a competitive compensation package that provides significant short and long-term incentives for the achievement of measurable corporate and individual performance objectives. 

Elements of executive compensation 

Base salary . We will seek to provide our senior management with a level of base salary in the form of cash compensation appropriate to their roles and responsibilities. Base salaries for our executives will be established based on the executive s qualifications, experience, scope of responsibilities, future potential and past performance and cash available to pay executive compensation. Base salaries will be reviewed annually and adjusted from time to time to realign salaries with market levels after taking into account an individual's responsibilities, performance, and experience. We will consider four factors in determining the base salaries of our named executive officers. These four factors are, in order of significance, (1) creating an incentive to achieve corporate goals, (2) individual performance, (3) cash available to pay compensation and (4) the total compensation each executive officer previously received while employed with us, if any. We have not paid any executive compensation in the form of base salary to our management during the years ended December 31, 2023, or 2022. 

Incentive cash bonuses . Our practice will be to seek to award incentive cash bonuses to our executive officers based upon their individual performance, as well as our overall business and strategic objectives. In determining the amount of cash bonuses paid to our named executive officers, we will consider the same four factors as in determining their base salaries. We expect that our Board of Directors will adopt formal processes for incentive cash bonuses during the next 24 months and will utilize incentive cash bonuses to reward executives for achieving corporate financial and operational goals and for achieving individual performance objectives. To date, we have not paid any incentive cash bonuses to our management. 

Long-term equity compensation . We believe that successful long-term performance is achieved through an ownership culture that encourages long-term performance by our executive officers through the use of stock and stock-based awards. We intend to establish equity incentive plans to provide our employees, including our executive officers, with incentives to help align those employees interests with the interests of our shareholders. 

We expect that our incentive plans will permit the grant of stock options, restricted shares and other stock awards to our executive officers, employees, consultants, and non-employee board members. When we hire executive officers in the future, we expect to grant them stock-based awards that will generally vest over a five-year period. We believe that stock-based awards provide an incentive for these officers to continue their employment with us, provide our executive officers with an opportunity to obtain an ownership interest in our company and encourage them to focus on our long-term profitable growth. We believe that the use of long-term equity compensation will promote our overall executive compensation objectives and expect that equity incentives will be an important source of compensation for our executives. In determining amounts awarded to our executive officers under our incentive plans, we will consider the same four factors (and use the same method of measurement) as in determining base salary. The third factor (cash available) has an indirect effect when determining long-term equity compensation. Specifically, to the extent that this factor causes us not to pay base salary or cash bonuses, it points toward providing long-term equity compensation. We have not issued any long-term equity compensation to our management during the years ended December 31, 2023, or 2022. 

19

Table of Contents 

Other compensation . When we hire executive officers, our executive officers will be eligible to receive the same benefits, including non-cash group life and health benefits that are available to all employees. We may offer a 401(k) plan to our employees, including our executive officers. This plan will permit employees to make contributions up to a statutory maximum and will permit us to make matching or profit-sharing contributions. To date, we have not offered to our employees any benefit plans, including but not limited a 401(k) plan or made, or committed to make, any matching or profit-sharing contributions under a 401(k) plan. 

Policies related to compensation 

Guidelines for equity awards . We have not formalized a policy as to the amount or timing of equity grants to our executive officers. We expect, however, that our board of directors will approve and adopt guidelines for equity awards. Among other things, we expect that the guidelines will specify procedures for equity awards to be made under various circumstances, address the timing of equity awards in relation to the availability of information about us and provide procedures for grant information to be communicated to and tracked by our finance department. As of the date of this report, we have not established a finance department. We anticipate that the guidelines will require that any stock options or stock appreciation rights have an exercise or strike price not less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of the grant. 

Stock ownership guidelines . As of the date of this report, we have not established stock ownership guidelines for our executive officers or the Board of Directors. 

Compliance with Sections 162(m) and 409A of the Internal Revenue Code 

Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code limits the deductibility of compensation in excess of 1 million paid to certain executive officers, unless such compensation qualifies as performance-based compensation. Among other things, in order to be deemed performance-based compensation for Section 162(m) purposes, the compensation must be based on the achievement of pre-established, objective performance criteria and must be pursuant to a plan that has been approved by our shareholders. At least for the next several years, we expect the cash compensation paid to our executive officers to be below the threshold for non-deductibility provided in Section 162(m), and our equity incentive plans will afford our board of directors with the flexibility to make a variety of types of equity awards to our executive officers, the deductibility of which will not be limited under Section 162(m). However, our board of directors will fashion our future equity compensation awards. However, we do not now know whether any such awards will satisfy the requirements for deductibility under Section 162(m). 

We also currently intend for our executive compensation program to satisfy the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, which addresses the tax treatment of certain nonqualified deferred compensation benefits. 

Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the Company s officer during the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 for services to the Company. 

Name 

Position 

Year 

			 Ended 

Period 

			 Ended 

Salary 

			 Paid ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock 

			 Awards ) 

Option 

			 Awards ) 

Non- 

			 Equity 

			 Incentive 

			 Plan 

			 Compensation ) 

All 

			 Other 

			 Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Anthony 

2023 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Iarocci 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Michael 

2023 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Schnaus 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

20

Table of Contents 

Compensation of Directors 

The following table sets forth the information concerning cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the Company s director during the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 for services to the Company. 

Name 

Year 

			 Ended 

Period 

			 Ended 

Fees 

			 Earned 

			 or Paid 

			 in Cash ) 

Stock 

			 Awards )(2) 

Option 

			 Awards ) 

Non- 

			 Equity 

			 Incentive 

			 Plan 

			 Compensation ) 

Change in 

			 Pension Value 

			 and Nonqualified 

			 Deferred 

			 Compensation 

			 Earnings ) 

All Other 

			 Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Anthony 

2023 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Iarocci 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Michael 

2023 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Schnauss 

2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Employment Agreements and Benefits 

We currently have one employee, Mr. Anthony J. Iarocci. There is no executive employment agreement between him and the Company. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 

As of the date of this report, there were no potential payments or benefits payable to our executive officer upon his termination or in connection with a change in control. 

Pension Benefits 

No named executive officer received or held pension benefits during the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

No nonqualified deferred compensation was offered or issued to our executive officer for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022. 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 

During the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, we have not granted any plan-based awards to our executive officer. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

No unexercised options or warrants were held by our named executive officer during the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022. No equity awards were made during the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

During the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 our executive officer has neither been granted any options, nor did any unvested stock or options granted to our executive officer vest. As of the date of this report, our executive officer did not have any stock options or unvested shares of stock of the Company. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

During the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, we did not have a standing compensation committee. Our Board of Directors was responsible for the functions that would otherwise be handled by the compensation committee. All directors participated in deliberations concerning executive officer compensation, including directors who were also executive officers. 

21

Table of Contents 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into an employment agreement with our executive officer. Our decision to enter into an employment agreement, if any, will be made by our compensation committee. 

Equity Incentive Plan 

We expect to adopt an equity incentive plan. The purpose of the plan is to attract and retain qualified persons upon whom our sustained progress, growth and profitability depend, to motivate these persons to achieve long-term company goals, and to more closely align these persons' interests with those of our other shareholder by providing them with a proprietary interest in our growth and performance. Our future executive officers, employees, consultants, and non-employee directors will be eligible to participate in the plan. We have not determined the number of shares of our common stock to be reserved for issuance under the proposed equity incentive plan. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2023 for: 

each person or group known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of our common stock; 

each of our directors and director nominees; 

each of our named executive officers; and 

all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, all persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to their shares of common stock, except to the extent authority is shared by spouses under applicable law. Unless otherwise indicated below, each entity or person listed below maintains an address 8217 East Spanish Boot Road, Carefree, Arizona 85377. 

The number of shares beneficially owned by each shareholder is determined under rules promulgated by the SEC. The information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting or investment power and any shares as to which the individual or entity has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days after December 31, 2023, through the exercise of any stock option, warrant, or other right. 

Beneficial Owner 

Number of Shares 

			 Beneficially 
			Owned 

Percentage 

			 of Shares 

			 Outstanding 

Anthony J. Iarocci 

56,843,478 

100.00 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Transactions With Related Persons, Promoters And Certain Control Persons 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued 6,961,210 shares of common stock to its controlling stockholder for settlement of 31,965 for accrued liabilities. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 10,391,259 shares of common stock to its controlling stockholder for settlement of 47,715 for accrued liabilities. 

The Company does not own or rent property. The office space is provided by an officer at no charge. The value of such office space is nominal. 

22

Table of Contents 

Director Independence 

We do not have a standing nominating, compensation, or audit committee. Rather, the board of directors performs the functions of these committees. We do not believe it is necessary for the board of directors to appoint such committees, because the volume of matters that come before the board of directors for consideration is not so substantial that our directors are usually allowed sufficient time and attention to such matters. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, without exhibits, can be obtained without charge from us at Apex 11 Inc., 8217 East Spanish Boot Road, Carefree, Arizona 85377, t (480) 619-1575. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following table sets forth fees billed to us for principal accountant fees and services for year ended December 31, 2023 and the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Year Ended 

			 December 31, 2023 

Year Ended 

			 December 31, 2022 

Audit Fees 

19,000 

19,000 

Audit-Related Fees 

- 

- 

Tax Fees 

- 

- 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total Audit and Audit-Related Fees 

19,000 

19,000 

23

Table of Contents 

Item 15. Exhibits. 

(a) Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed with this Report on Form 10-K: 

Exhibit No. 

Description 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation, as currently in effect 

3.2 

Bylaws, as currently in effect 

31.1 

302 Certification Anthony J. Iarocci 

32.1 

906 Certification Anthony J. Iarocci 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Instance Schema 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Instance Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Instance Definition Linkbase 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Instance Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Instance Presentation Linkbase 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Included as an Exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on June 4, 2013 

24

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 7th day of November 2024. 

APEX 11 INC. 

By: /s/ Anthony J. Iarocci 

Anthony J. Iarocci 

CEO, President and Treasurer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Anthony J. Iarocci 

			 Anthony J. Iarocci 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 

			 (Principal Executive Officer), Secretary, Treasurer 

			 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), Chairman 

November 7, 2024 

/s/ Michael J. Schnaus 

			 Michael J. Schnaus 

Director 

November 7, 2024 

25

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_744711.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_744711.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

302 CERTIFICATION 

I, Anthony J. Iarocci, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Apex 11 Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2024 

/s/ Anthony J. Iarocci 

Anthony J. Iarocci 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex_744712.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_744712.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

In connection with the Annual Report of Apex 11 Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anthony J. Iarocci, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Anthony J. Iarocci 

Anthony J. Iarocci 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer 

			 (principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer) 

Dated: November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 apex-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 apex-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 apex-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 apex-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 apex-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

