<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1524472_0001524472-24-000045.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13626893</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>148771</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1872942</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6010719</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2780813</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2469582</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001524472-24-000045.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031160416
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001524472-24-000045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Xylem Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001524472
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PUMPS & PUMPING EQUIPMENT [3561]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				452080495
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35229
		FILM NUMBER:		241415183

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 WATER STREET SE
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		202-869-9150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 WATER STREET SE
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			DC
		ZIP:			20003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ITT WCO, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110628

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001524472-24-000045.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 xyl-20240930.htm
 10-Q

xyl-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange of which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 

Xylem Inc. 
 Table of Contents ITEM 
 
 PAGE PART I Financial Information Item 1 - Financial Statements: 
 Condensed Consolidated Income Statements for the Three Months and Nin e Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Months and Nine Months Ended Sept ember 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 58 
 Item 4 - Controls and Procedures 
 59 
 PART II Other Information Item 1 - Legal Proceedings 
 60 
 Item 1A - Risk Factors 
 60 
 Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 60 
 Item 3 - Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 60 
 Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosure s 
 60 
 Item 5 - Other Information 
 60 
 Item 6 - Exhibits 
 61 
 Signatures 
 63 

2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 
 Three Months Nine Months For the periods ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue from products Revenue from services Revenue Cost of revenue from products Cost of revenue from services Cost of revenue Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Restructuring and asset impairment charges Operating income Interest expense Other non-operating income, net (Loss) on sale of businesses ) ) Income before taxes Income tax expense Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of shares: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) 
 (in millions) 
 Three Months Nine Months For the periods ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net change in derivative hedge agreements: Unrealized gain (loss) ) ) Amount of (gain) loss reclassified into net income Net change in post-retirement benefit plans: Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss into net income ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, less allowances for discounts, returns and credit losses of and in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Accrued post-retirement benefits Deferred income tax liabilities Other non-current accrued liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) per share: 
 Authorized shares, issued shares and shares in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Treasury stock at cost shares and shares in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (in millions) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Share-based compensation Restructuring and asset impairment charges Loss from sale of business Other, net ) ) Payments for restructuring ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities (net of acquisitions): Changes in receivables ) ) Changes in inventories ) ) Changes in accounts payable ) Changes in accrued and deferred taxes ) ) Other, net ) ) Net Cash Operating activities Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from sale of businesses 
 Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment Cash received from investments Cash paid for investments ) ) Cash paid for equity investments ) ) Cash received from interest rate swaps Cash received from cross-currency swaps Other, net Net Cash Investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Short-term debt issued, net Short-term debt repaid ) Long-term debt issued, net Long-term debt repaid ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options Dividends paid ) ) Other, net ) ) Net Cash Financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes (net of refunds received) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

XYLEM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Note 1. 
 segments, Water Infrastructure, Applied Water, Measurement and Control Solutions and Water Solutions and Services. See Note 19, "Segment Information," to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further segment background information. 
 Except as otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, "Xylem," "we," "us," "our" and the "Company" refer to Xylem Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 Acquisition of Evoqua 
 On May 24, 2023, Xylem completed the acquisition of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. Evoqua ). Refer to Note 3, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," for additional information. 
 7 

Note 2. 

Note 3. 
 of the issued and outstanding shares of Evoqua, a leader in providing water and wastewater treatment solutions, offering a broad portfolio of products and services to support industrial, municipal, and recreational customers, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January 22, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ). The Merger Agreement provided that Fore Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, merge with and into Evoqua, with Evoqua surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Xylem (the Merger ). Under the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of Evoqua common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (other than certain excluded shares as described in the Merger Agreement) was converted into the right to receive (the Exchange Ratio of a share of the common stock of Xylem. Upon the effectiveness of the Merger on May 24, 2023, legacy Evoqua stockholders owned approximately and legacy Xylem shareholders owned approximately of the combined company. The purchase price for purposes of the Merger consisted of an aggregate of million of the Company s common stock, million in replacement equity awards, and million to repay certain indebtedness of Evoqua (refer to Note 12, "Credit Facilities and Debt"). 
 8 

million, which consisted of the following: 
 (in millions) Fair Value of Purchase Consideration Xylem Common Stock issued to Evoqua stockholders shares) 
 Estimated replacement equity awards Payment of certain Evoqua indebtedness Total 
 The Company has applied the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 and recognized assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair value as of the date of acquisition, with the excess purchase consideration recorded to goodwill. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company finalized the purchase price allocation. 
 Receivables(a) Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Assets held for sale Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Non-current assets held for sale Accounts payable ) Accrued and other current liabilities ) Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt ) Liabilities held for sale ) Long-term debt ) Other non-current accrued liabilities ) Deferred income tax liabilities ) Non-current liabilities held for sale ) Total 
 (a) Including million of receivables and million of contract assets. 
 The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were determined using the income and cost approaches. In many cases, the determination of the fair values required estimates about discount rates, future expected cash flows and other future events that are judgmental and subject to change. 
 The fair value of receivables acquired is million, with the gross contractual amount being million. The Company expects million to be uncollectible. 
 The million of goodwill recognized, which is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes, is primarily attributable to synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the operations of Evoqua and Xylem as well as the assembled workforce of Evoqua. 
 9 

Proprietary technology and patents - 
 Customer and distributor relationships - 
 Backlog - 
 Permits Software - 
 Total 
 The estimate of the fair value of Evoqua s identifiable intangible assets was determined primarily using the income approach, which requires a forecast of all of the expected future cash flows either through the use of the multi-period excess earnings method or the relief-from-royalty method. The fair value measurements were primarily based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 measurement of the fair value hierarchy as defined in ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 ). Intangible assets consisting of the Evoqua tradename, technology, customer relationships, backlog, and permits were valued using the multi-period excess earnings method MEEM ), the relief from royalty RFR method, or the with and without method, which are all forms of the income approach. Intangible assets related to Evoqua software were valued using the cost approach. 
 Trademarks and proprietary technology intangible assets were valued using the RFR method. The RFR method of valuation suggests that in lieu of ownership, the acquirer can obtain comparable rights to use the subject asset via a license from a hypothetical third-party owner. The asset s Fair Value is the present value of license fees avoided by owning it (i.e., the royalty savings). 
 Customer and distributor relationships and backlog intangible assets were valued using the MEEM method. The MEEM method of valuation is an approach where the net earnings attributable to the asset being measured are isolated from other contributory assets over the intangible asset s remaining economic life. 
 The Permits intangible asset was valued using the with and without method. The with and without method of valuation is an approach that considers the hypothetical impact to the projected cash flows of the business if the intangible asset was not put in place. 
 The Software intangible asset was valued using the cost approach. The cost approach method of valuation is an approach that relies on estimating the replacement or reproduction costs new of assets, along with factors of physical deterioration, based on the principle that an asset would not be purchased for a price higher than the cost to replace it with an asset of comparable utility. 
 Inventory was estimated using the comparative sales method, which quantifies the fair value of inventory based on the expected sales price of the subject inventory (when complete), reduced for: (i) all costs expected to be incurred in its completion and disposition efforts and (ii) a profit on those value-added completion and disposition costs. 
 10 

million replacement equity options and thousand RSU awards (of which thousand were converted PSUs.) The portion of the fair value related to pre-combination services of million was included in the purchase price, and million will be recognized over the remaining service periods. As of September 30, 2024, the future unrecognized expense related to the outstanding options and RSUs was less than million and approximately million, respectively. The future unrecognized expense related to options and RSUs will be recognized over a weighted-average service period of approximately . SARs are immaterial. 
 Pro Forma Financial Information 
 Net income 
 
 The foregoing unaudited pro forma results are for informational purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of the actual results of operations that might have occurred had the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2022, nor are they necessarily indicative of future results. The unaudited pro-forma information for all periods presented includes the following adjustments, where applicable, for business combination accounting effects resulting from the acquisition: (i) amortization of the fair value step up in inventory, (ii) additional amortization expense related to finite-lived intangible assets acquired, (iii) repayment of Evoqua s term loan and revolver and the settlement of the related interest rate swap, (iv) additional interest expense related to financing for the acquisition (refer to Note 12, "Credit Facilities and Debt"), (v) depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment, (vi) additional incremental stock-based compensation expense for the replacement of Evoqua s outstanding equity awards with Xylem s replacement equity awards, and (vii) the related tax effects assuming that the business combination occurred on January 1, 2022. 
 The significant nonrecurring adjustments reflected in the unaudited pro-forma consolidated information above include the reclassification of the transaction costs to the earliest period presented and the reversal of the impacts related to the settlement of the interest rate swap, each net of tax. 
 Divestitures 
 During the third quarter ended September 30, 2023, Xylem sold the former Evoqua hemodialysis concentrates business for approximately million. 
 million, a price equal to the fair value less costs to sell the business. 
 
 11 

Note 4. 
 Lease Revenue Total 
 
 The following table reflects revenue from contracts with customers by application. Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Water Infrastructure Transport Treatment Applied Water Building Solutions Industrial Water Measurement and Control Solutions Smart Metering and Other Analytics Water Solutions and Services Total 
 12 

Western Europe Emerging Markets (a) Other Applied Water United States Western Europe Emerging Markets (a) Other Measurement and Control Solutions United States Western Europe Emerging Markets (a) Other Water Solutions and Services United States Western Europe Emerging Markets (a) Other Total 
 (a) Emerging Markets includes results from the following regions: Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Asia Pacific (excluding Japan, Australia and New Zealand, which are presented in "Other") 
 13 

Opening balance from the acquisition of Evoqua Additions, net Revenue recognized from opening balance ) Billings transferred to accounts receivable ) Foreign currency and other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 Balance at January 1, 2024 Additions, net Revenue recognized from opening balance ) Billings transferred to accounts receivable ) Foreign currency and other ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 (a) Excludes receivable balances, which are disclosed on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Performance obligations 
 Delivery schedules vary from customer to customer based upon their requirements. Typically, large projects require longer lead production cycles and delays can occur from time to time. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied for contracts with performance obligations, amount to billion, of which million was contributed by the Evoqua acquisition. We expect to recognize the majority of revenue upon the completion of satisfying these performance obligations in the following months. The Company elects to apply the practical expedient to exclude from this disclosure revenue related to performance obligations that are part of a contract whose original expected duration is less than one year. 
 
 14 

Note 5. 
 million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the charges incurred primarily related to strengthening our competitive positioning and the integration of Evoqua. 
 Asset impairment Reversal of restructuring accruals ) ) ) Total restructuring costs Asset impairment charges Total restructuring and asset impairment charges By segment: Water Infrastructure Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions ) ) Water Solutions and Services Corporate and other 
 Restructuring costs, net Cash payments ) ) Asset impairment ) ) Stock based compensation expense included within AOCL 
 ) ) Foreign currency and other Restructuring accruals - September 30 By segment: Water Infrastructure Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Regional selling locations (a) Corporate and other 
 (a) 
 15 

Costs incurred during Q1 2024 Costs incurred during Q2 2024 Costs incurred during Q3 2024 Total expected costs remaining Actions Commenced in 2023: Total expected costs Costs incurred in 2023 Costs incurred during Q1 2024 Costs incurred during Q2 2024 Costs incurred during Q3 2024 ) ) Total expected costs remaining 
 The actions commenced in 2024 consist primarily of severance and asset impairment charges. The actions are expected to continue through the end of 2025. 
 Through the second quarter of 2024, we recognized million in impairment charges primarily related to customer relationships and trademarks due to restructuring actions within our Water Solutions and Services segment. Refer to Note 9, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for additional information. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we recognized million in fixed asset impairment charges due to restructuring actions within our Water Solutions and Services segment. 
 Asset Impairment 
 During the first quarter of 2024, we recognized a million impairment charge for internally developed software within Corporate. Refer to Note 9, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for additional information. 
 During the third quarter of 2023, we recognized a million impairment charge for certain fixed assets within our Measurement and Control Solutions segment. Refer to Note 9, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for additional information. 
 During the first quarter of 2023, we determined that internally developed in-process software within our Measurement and Control Solutions segment was impaired as a result of actions taken to prioritize strategic investments and we therefore recognized an impairment charge of million. Refer to Note 9, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," for additional information. 

Note 6. 
 16 

million resulting in an effective tax rate of , compared to a million expense resulting in an effective tax rate of for the same period in 2023. The income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million resulting in an effective tax rate of , compared to a million expense resulting in an effective tax rate of for the same period in 2023. The effective tax rate for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to earnings mix. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 During 2019, Xylem s Swedish subsidiary received a tax assessment from the Swedish Tax Agency (the "STA") for the 2013 tax year related to the tax treatment of an intercompany transfer of certain intellectual property that was made in connection with a reorganization of our European businesses. Xylem filed an appeal with the Administrative Court of V xj , which rendered a decision adverse to Xylem in June 2022 for SEK million (approximately million), consisting of the full tax assessment amount plus penalties and interest. Xylem appealed this decision with the intermediate appellate court, the Administrative Court of Appeal, and on May 15, 2024, that court rendered a decision in favor of Xylem and also remanded an issue to the trial court for resolution. In June 2024, the STA filed a notice of appeal of this decision to the Supreme Administrative Court (the Court ). The parties await the Court s decision as to whether it will hear the STA s appeal, and the trial court has stayed the proceeding on the issue on remand until the Court's decision. Management, in consultation with external legal advisors, continues to believe it is more likely than not that Xylem will prevail on the proposed assessment and will continue to vigorously defend our position through this litigation. There can be no assurance that the final determination by the authorities will not be materially different than our position. As of September 30, 2024, we do not have any unrecognized tax benefits related to this tax position. 
 
 17 

Note 7. 
 Shares (in thousands): Weighted average common shares outstanding Add: Participating securities (a) Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Plus incremental shares from assumed conversions: (b) Dilutive effect of stock options Dilutive effect of restricted stock units and performance share units Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Stock options Restricted stock units Performance share units 

Note 8. 
 Work in process Raw materials Total inventories 
 
 18 

Note 9. 
 
 Reallocation ) ) Balance as of January 1, 2024 Activity in 2024 Foreign currency and other ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 The Company has applied the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805 and recognized assets acquired and liabilities assumed of Evoqua at their fair value as of the date of acquisition, with the excess purchase consideration recorded to goodwill. We have allocated goodwill to segments of the Company that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the acquisition. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 ) ) Proprietary technology and patents ) ) Trademarks ) ) Software ) ) Other ) ) Indefinite-lived intangibles Other Intangibles ) ) 
 Amortization expense related to finite-lived intangible assets was million and million for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we recognized million in impairment charges primarily related to customer relationships and trademarks due to restructuring actions within our Water Solutions and Services segment. 
 During the first quarter of 2024, we recognized a million impairment charge for internally developed software within Corporate. 
 During 2023, we determined that internally developed in-process software within our Measurement and Control Solutions segment was impaired as a result of actions taken to prioritize strategic investments and we therefore recognized an impairment charge of million. 
 
 19 

Note 10. 
 million in proceeds during the second quarter of 2023 from the termination of the interest rate swaps. 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Foreign Exchange Risk 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in various foreign currencies against our functional currencies. We use foreign currency derivatives, including currency forward agreements, to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the various exchange rates. Currency forward agreements involve fixing the foreign currency exchange rate for delivery of a specified amount of foreign currency on a specified date. 
 Certain business units with exposure to foreign currency exchange risks have designated certain currency forward agreements as cash flow hedges of forecasted intercompany inventory purchases and sales. Our principal currency exposures for which we enter into cash flow hedges relate to the Euro, Swedish Krona, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Polish Zloty, and Australian Dollar. We had foreign exchange contracts with purchased notional amounts totaling million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, our most significant foreign currency derivatives included contracts to sell U.S. Dollar and purchase Euro, purchase Swedish Krona and sell Euro, sell British Pound and purchase Euro, sell Canadian Dollar and purchase Euro, purchase Polish Zloty and sell Euro, sell Australian Dollar and purchase Euro, sell Canadian Dollar and purchase U.S. Dollar, and purchase Canadian Dollar and sell U.S. Dollar. The purchased notional amounts associated with these currency derivatives are million, million, million, million, million, million, million, and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, our most significant foreign currency derivatives included contracts to purchase U.S. Dollar and sell Chinese Yuan and to purchase U.S. Dollar and sell Canadian Dollar. The purchased notional amounts associated with these currency derivatives were million and million, respectively. 
 Hedges of Net Investments in Foreign Operations 
 We are exposed to changes in foreign currencies impacting our net investments held in foreign subsidiaries. 
 Cross-Currency Swaps 
 Beginning in 2015, we entered into cross-currency swaps to manage our exposure to fluctuations in the Euro-U.S. Dollar exchange rate. During the second quarter of 2019, third quarter of 2020, and second quarter of 2022 we entered into additional cross-currency swaps. The total notional amount of derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 20 

) ) Amount of loss reclassified from OCI/L into Revenue Amount of loss reclassified from OCI/L into Cost of revenue Net Investment Hedges Cross-Currency Swaps Amount of gain (loss) recognized in OCI/L ) ) Amount of income recognized in Interest expense 
 As of September 30, 2024, million of net gains on cash flow hedges are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. 
 As of September 30, 2024, no gains or losses on the net investment hedges are expected to be reclassified into earnings over their duration. 
 The fair values of our derivative assets and liabilities are measured on a recurring basis using Level 2 inputs and are determined through the use of models that consider various assumptions including yield curves, time value and other measurements. 
 Net Investment Hedges Other non-current assets Liabilities Cash Flow Hedges Accrued and other current liabilities ) Net Investment Hedges Other non-current accrued liabilities ) ) 
 
 21 

Note 11. 
 Customer-related liabilities Accrued taxes Lease liabilities Accrued warranty costs Other accrued liabilities Total accrued and other current liabilities 
 The Company facilitates the opportunity for suppliers to participate in voluntary supply chain financing programs with third-party financial institutions. Xylem agrees on commercial terms, including payment terms, with suppliers regardless of program participation. The Company does not determine the terms or conditions of the arrangement between suppliers and the third-party financial institutions. Participating suppliers are paid directly by the third-party financial institution. Xylem pays the third-party financial institution the stated amount of confirmed invoices from its designated suppliers at the original invoice amount on the original maturity dates of the invoices, ranging from - days. Xylem does not pay fees related to these programs. Xylem or the third-party financial institutions may terminate the agreements upon at least days notice. The total outstanding balance presented within "Accounts payable" on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets under these programs is million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Invoices confirmed Confirmed invoices paid ) Foreign currency and other Confirmed obligations outstanding September 30 
 
 22 

Note 12. 
 Senior Notes due 2026 (a) 
 Senior Notes due 2028 (a) 
 Senior Notes due 2031 (a) 
 Senior Notes due 2046 (a) 
 Equipment Financing due 2025 to 2032 
 Term loan Debt issuance costs and unamortized discount (b) ) ) Total debt Less: short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt Total long-term debt 
 (a) million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value of our Senior Notes due 2028 was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value of our Senior Notes due 2031 was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value of our Senior Notes due 2046 was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (b) 
 Senior Notes 
 On June 26, 2020, we issued Senior Notes of million aggregate principal amount due January 2028 (the Senior Notes due 2028 and Senior Notes of million aggregate principal amount due January 2031 (the Senior Notes due 2031" and, together with the Senior Notes due 2028, the Green Bond ). 
 The Green Bond includes covenants that restrict our ability, and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries, to incur debt secured by liens on certain property above a threshold, to engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions involving certain property above a threshold, and to consolidate or merge, or convey or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. We may redeem the Green Bond at any time, at our option, subject to certain conditions, at specified redemption prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. 
 If a change of control triggering event (as defined in the applicable Green Bond indenture) occurs, we will be required to make an offer to purchase the notes at a price equal to of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. 
 Interest on the Green Bond is payable on January 30 and July 30 of each year. As of September 30, 2024, we are in compliance with all covenants for the Green Bond. 
 On October 11, 2016, we issued Senior Notes of million aggregate principal amount due October 2026 (the Senior Notes due 2026 and Senior Notes of million aggregate principal amount due October 2046 (the Senior Notes due 2046 and, together with the Senior Notes due 2026, the Senior Notes ). 
 The Senior Notes include covenants that restrict our ability, and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries, to incur debt secured by liens on certain property above a threshold, to engage in certain sale and leaseback transactions involving certain property above a threshold, and to consolidate or merge, or convey or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. We may redeem the Senior Notes, as applicable, in whole or in part, at any time at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus a make-whole premium. We may also redeem the Senior Notes in certain other circumstances, as set forth in the applicable Senior Notes indenture. 
 23 

of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. 
 Interest on the Senior Notes due 2026 and the Senior Notes due 2046 is payable on May 1 and November 1 of each year. As of September 30, 2024, we are in compliance with all covenants for the Senior Notes. 
 Credit Facilities 
 2023 Five-Year Revolving Credit Facility 
 On March 1, 2023, Xylem entered into a revolving credit facility (the "2023 Credit Facility") with Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and a syndicate of lenders. The 2023 Credit Facility provides for an aggregate principal amount of up to billion (available in U.S. Dollars and in Euros), with increases of up to million for a maximum aggregate principal amount of billion at the request of Xylem and with the consent of the institutions providing such increased commitments. 
 Interest on all loans under the 2023 Credit Facility is payable either quarterly or at the expiration of any Term SOFR or EURIBOR interest period applicable thereto. Borrowings accrue interest at a rate equal to, at Xylem's election, a base rate or an adjusted Term SOFR or EURIBOR rate plus an applicable margin. The 2023 Credit Facility includes customary provisions for implementation of replacement rates for Term SOFR-based and EURIBOR-based loans. The 2023 Credit Facility also includes a pricing grid that determines the applicable margin based on Xylem's credit rating, with a further adjustment based on Xylem's achievement of certain Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") key performance indicators. Xylem will also pay quarterly fees to each lender for such lender's commitment to lend accruing on such commitment at a rate based on Xylem's credit rating, whether such commitment is used or unused, as well as a quarterly letter of credit fee accruing on the letter of credit exposure of such lender during the preceding quarter at a rate based on the credit rating of Xylem with a further adjustment based on Xylem's achievement of certain ESG key performance indicators. 
 The 2023 Credit Facility requires that Xylem maintain a consolidated total debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio (or maximum leverage ratio), which will be based on the last four fiscal quarters. In accordance with the terms of the agreement to the 2023 Credit Facility, Xylem may not exceed a maximum leverage ratio of to 1.00 for a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters beginning with the fiscal quarter during which a material acquisition is consummated and a maximum leverage ratio of to 1.00 thereafter for a minimum of four fiscal quarters before another material acquisition is consummated. In addition, the 2023 Credit Facility contains a number of customary covenants, including limitations on the incurrence of secured debt and debt of subsidiaries, liens, sale and lease-back transactions, mergers, consolidations, liquidations, dissolutions and sales of assets. The 2023 Credit Facility also contains customary events of default. Finally, Xylem has the ability to designate subsidiaries that can borrow under the 2023 Credit Facility, subject to certain requirements and conditions set forth in the 2023 Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, the 2023 Credit Facility was undrawn, and we are in compliance with all revolver covenants. The 2023 Credit Facility has availability of billion, comprised of the billion aggregate principal as of September 30, 2024. 
 Term Loan Facility 
 On May 9, 2023, the Company s subsidiary, Xylem Europe GmbH (the Borrower entered into a twenty four-month million (approximately million) term loan facility (the Term Facility the terms of which are set forth in a term loan agreement, among the Borrower, the Company, as parent guarantor and ING Bank. The Company has entered into a parent guarantee in favor of ING Bank also dated May 9, 2023 to secure all present and future obligations of the borrower under the Term Loan Agreement. The net cash proceeds were used to repay a portion of Evoqua s indebtedness pursuant to the Merger Agreement. 
 On April 19, 2024 our Term Loan Facility was settled with cash on hand for a total of million million). 
 24 

Receivables, net Prepaid and other current assets Other non-current assets 
 Commercial Paper 
 U.S. Dollar Commercial Paper Program 
 Our U.S. Dollar commercial paper program generally serves as a means of short-term funding with a million maximum issuing balance and a combined limit of billion inclusive of the 2023 Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, none of the Company's million U.S. Dollar commercial paper program was outstanding, respectively. The net cash proceeds from issuance of commercial paper were used to repay a portion of Evoqua s indebtedness pursuant to the Merger Agreement. We have the ability to continue borrowing under this program going forward in future periods. 
 Euro Commercial Paper Program 
 On June 3, 2019, Xylem entered into a Euro commercial paper program with ING Bank N.V., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of dealers. The Euro commercial paper program provides for a maximum issuing balance of up to million (approximately million) which may be denominated in a variety of currencies. The maximum issuing balance may be increased in accordance with the Dealer Agreement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, none of the Company's Euro commercial paper program was outstanding. We have the ability to continue borrowing under this program going forward in future periods. 
 Receivables Securitization Program 
 On April 1, 2021, Evoqua Finance LLC Evoqua Finance ), now an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an accounts receivable securitization program (the Receivables Securitization Program consisting of, among other agreements, (i) a Receivables Financing Agreement (as amended, the Receivables Financing Agreement among Evoqua Finance, as the borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Receivables Financing Lenders ), PNC Bank, National Association ("PNC"), as administrative agent, EWT LLC, as initial servicer, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent, pursuant to which the lenders have made available to Evoqua Finance a receivables finance facility in an amount up to million, (ii) a Sale and Contribution Agreement (as amended, the Sale and Contribution Agreement among Evoqua Finance, as purchaser, EWT LLC, as initial servicer and as an originator, and Neptune Benson, Inc., an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as an originator (together with EWT LLC, the Originators ), and (iii) a Performance Guaranty of Xylem Inc. dated as of May 24, 2023 (the Performance Guaranty in favor of PNC and for the benefit of PNC and the other secured parties under the Receivables Financing Agreement that replaced the performance guaranty of EWT Holdings II Corp. and EWT Holdings III Corp dated as of April 1, 2021. 
 25 

Note 13. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Net periodic benefit cost International defined benefit pension plans: Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial (gain) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost Total net periodic benefit cost 
 The components of net periodic benefit cost, other than the service cost component are included in the line item "Other non-operating income, net" in the Condensed Consolidated Income Statements. 
 The total net periodic benefit cost for other post-retirement employee benefit plans was less than million, including net credits recognized into "Other comprehensive income (loss)" of less than million, for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 We contributed million and million to our defined benefit plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additional contributions ranging between approximately million and million are expected to be made during the remainder of 2024. 
 26 

Note 14. 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Other activity ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock incentive plan activity ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Other activity ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock incentive plan activity ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Sale of business Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net Other activity Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock incentive plan activity ) Distribution to minority shareholders ) ) Acquisition activity 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 27 

) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net Other activity Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock incentive plan activity ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Issuance of common stock Issuance of replacement equity awards Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock incentive plan activity ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Stock incentive plan activity ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 

Note 15. 
 million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The unrecognized compensation expense related to our stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units was million, million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of , and years, respectively. The amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 On May 24, 2023, there were an additional million shares registered for issuance. As of September 30, 2024, there were approximately million shares of common stock available for future awards. 
 28 

Granted Exercised ) Forfeited and expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Options exercisable at September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised (which is the amount by which the stock price exceeded the exercise price of the options on the date of exercise) during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. 
 Stock Option Fair Value 
 The fair value of each option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the binomial lattice pricing model which incorporates multiple and variable assumptions over time, including employee exercise patterns, stock price volatility and changes in dividends. Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Expected term (in years) Weighted-average fair value / share 
 Expected volatility is calculated based on an analysis of historic volatility measures for Xylem. We use historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination behavior within the valuation model. Employee groups and option characteristics are considered separately for valuation purposes. The expected term represents an estimate of the period of time options are expected to remain outstanding. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of option grant. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Grants 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 29 

Granted Adjustment for Performance Condition Achieved (a) Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 (a) Represents an increase in the number of original ROIC performance share units awarded based on the final market condition achievement at the end of the performance period of such awards. 
 TSR Performance Share Unit Grants 
 Granted Adjustment for Market Condition Achieved (a) ) Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 (a) Represents a decrease in the number of original TSR performance share units awarded based on the final market condition achievement at the end of the performance period of such awards. 
 The fair value of TSR performance share units was calculated on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model utilizing several key assumptions, including expected Company and peer company share price volatility, correlation coefficients between peers, the risk-free rate of return, the expected dividend yield and other award design features. 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 
 30 

Granted Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 The fair value of the Revenue performance share unit awards is determined using the closing price of our common stock on date of grant. 
 For the performance periods, the performance share units were awarded at a target of with actual payout contingent upon the achievement of a pre-set, adjusted ROIC performance target for ROIC performance share units, a third-year adjusted EBITDA performance target for adjusted EBITDA performance share units, a pre-set third year revenue target for Revenue performance share units and a relative TSR performance for TSR performance share units. 

Note 16. 
 million shares of common stock for approximately million and approximately million shares of common stock for million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased less than million shares of common stock for less than million and approximately million shares of common stock for million, respectively. Repurchases include share repurchase programs approved by the Board of Directors and repurchases in relation to settlement of employee tax withholding obligations due as a result of the vesting of restricted stock units. The details of repurchases by each program are as follows: 
 On August 24, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million in shares with no expiration date. The program's objective is to deploy our capital in a manner that benefits our stockholders and maintains our focus on growth. There were no shares repurchased under the program for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. There are up to million in shares that may still be purchased under this plan as of September 30, 2024. 
 Aside from the aforementioned repurchase program, we repurchased less than million shares and approximately million shares for approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, in relation to settlement of employee tax withholding obligations due as a result of the vesting of restricted stock units. Likewise, we repurchased less than million shares and approximately million shares for less than million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 31 

Note 17.) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Tax on foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Income tax impact on amortization of post-retirement benefit plan items ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment for post-retirement benefit plans Unrealized loss on derivative hedge agreements ) ) Reclassification of unrealized loss on foreign exchange agreements into cost of revenue Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Tax on foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Reclassification of unrealized gain on foreign exchange agreements into cost of revenue ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Tax on foreign currency translation adjustment Foreign currency translation adjustment for post-retirement benefit plans ) ) Unrealized gain on derivative hedge agreements Income tax impact on unrealized gain on derivative hedge agreements ) ) Reclassification of unrealized loss on foreign exchange agreements into revenue Reclassification of unrealized loss on foreign exchange agreements into cost of revenue Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 32 

) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Tax on foreign currency translation adjustment Amortization of actuarial gain on post-retirement benefit plans into other non-operating income, net ) ) Income tax impact on amortization of post-retirement benefit plan items Unrealized gain on derivative hedge agreements Income tax benefit on unrealized gain on derivative hedge agreements ) ) Reclassification of unrealized loss on foreign exchange agreements into revenue Reclassification of unrealized loss on foreign exchange agreements into cost of revenue Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Tax on foreign currency translation adjustment Amortization of prior service cost and net actuarial gain on post-retirement benefit plans into other non-operating income, net ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment for post-retirement benefit plans ) ) Unrealized loss on derivative hedge agreements ) ) Reclassification of unrealized gain on foreign exchange agreements into revenue ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Tax on foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Amortization of prior service cost and net actuarial loss on post-retirement benefit plans into other non-operating income, net ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment for post-retirement benefit plans Unrealized loss on derivative hedge agreements ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 

Note 18. 
 33 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, for these general legal matters. 
 Guarantees 
 We obtain certain stand-by letters of credit, bank guarantees, surety bonds and insurance letters of credit from third-party financial institutions in the ordinary course of business when required under contracts or to satisfy insurance-related requirements. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount of surety bonds, bank guarantees, insurance letters of credit, stand-by letters of credit as well as revenue and customs guarantees was million and million, respectively. 
 Environmental 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to federal, state, local, and foreign environmental laws and regulations. We are responsible, or are alleged to be responsible, for ongoing environmental investigation and remediation of sites in various countries. These sites are in various stages of investigation and/or remediation and in many of these proceedings our liability is considered de minimis. We have received notification from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and from similar state and foreign environmental agencies, that a number of sites formerly or currently owned and/or operated by Xylem or for which we are responsible, and other properties or water supplies that may be or have been impacted from those operations, contain disposed or recycled materials or wastes and require environmental investigation and/or remediation. These sites include instances where we have been identified as a potentially responsible party under federal and state environmental laws and regulations. 
 Accruals for environmental matters are recorded on a site-by-site basis when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, based on current law and existing technologies. Our accrued liabilities for these environmental matters represent our best estimates related to the investigation and remediation of environmental media such as water, soil, soil vapor, air and structures, as well as related legal fees. These estimates, and related accruals, are reviewed quarterly and updated for progress of investigation and remediation efforts and changes in facts and legal circumstances. Liabilities for these environmental expenditures are recorded on an undiscounted basis. We have estimated and accrued million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 for environmental matters. 
 It is difficult to estimate the final costs of investigation and remediation due to various factors, including incomplete information regarding particular sites and other potentially responsible parties, uncertainty regarding the extent of investigation or remediation and our share, if any, of liability for such conditions, the selection of alternative remedial approaches, and changes in environmental standards and regulatory requirements. We believe the total amount accrued is reasonable based on existing facts and circumstances. 
 Warranties 
 We warrant numerous products, the terms of which vary widely. In general, we warrant products against defects and specific non-performance. Net charges for product warranties in the period Net Evoqua additions from acquisition Settlement of warranty claims ) ) Warranty accrual September 30 
 
 34 

Note 19. 
 reportable segments: Water Infrastructure, Applied Water, Measurement and Control Solutions and Water Solutions and Services. The Water Infrastructure segment focuses on the transportation and treatment of water, offering a range of products including water, wastewater and storm water pumps, controls and systems; treatment equipment: filtration and separation, disinfection, wastewater solutions; anodes and electro chlorination technologies for municipal and industrial applications. The Applied Water segment serves many of the primary uses of water and focuses on the residential, commercial and industrial markets. The Applied Water segment's major products include pumps, valves, heat exchangers, controls and dispensing equipment. The Measurement and Control Solutions segment focuses on developing advanced technology solutions that enable intelligent use and conservation of critical water and energy resources as well as analytical instrumentation used in the testing of water. The Measurement and Control Solutions segment's major products include smart metering, networked communications, measurement and control technologies, critical infrastructure technologies, software and services including cloud-based analytics, and remote monitoring and data management. The Water Solutions and Services segment provides tailored services and solutions, in collaboration with customers and backed by life cycle services, including on demand water, outsourced water, recycle / reuse, specialty dewatering and emergency response service alternatives to improve operational reliability, performance and environmental compliance. Key offerings within this segment also include equipment systems for industrial needs (influent water, boiler feed water, ultrahigh purity, process water, wastewater treatment, and recycle / reuse), full-scale outsourcing of operations and maintenance, and municipal services, including odor and corrosion control services, as well as leak detection, condition assessment and asset management and pressure monitoring solutions. 
 Additionally, we have Regional selling locations, which consist primarily of selling and marketing organizations and related support services, that offer products and services across our reportable segments. Corporate and other consists of corporate office expenses including compensation, benefits, occupancy, depreciation, and other administrative costs, as well as charges related to certain matters, such as environmental matters, that are managed at a corporate level and are not included in the business segments in evaluating performance or allocating resources. 
 
 35 

Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Total Operating Income (Loss): Water Infrastructure Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Corporate and other ) ) ) ) Total operating income Interest expense Other non-operating income, net (Loss) on sale of business 
 ) ) Income before taxes Depreciation and Amortization: Water Infrastructure Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Corporate and other Total Capital Expenditures: Water Infrastructure Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Regional selling locations (a) Corporate and other Total 

Note 20. 
 equity interest in Global Omnium Idrica, S.L. ("Idrica"), a leader in water data management and analytics, and accounted for this interest as an equity method investment. On October 29, 2024, the Company sent a notice to exercise the call option to Idrica pursuant to the amended shareholders' agreement to acquire an additional equity interest for approximately million million). The Company expects to close the transaction in December 2024. 
 36 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements, including the notes, included elsewhere in this report on Form 10-Q (this "Report"). 
 This Report contains forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Generally, the words anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, "contemplate," "predict," forecast, likely, believe, target, will, could, would, should, "potential," "may" and similar expressions or their negative, may, but are not necessary to, identify forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements address uncertain matters and include any statements that: are not historical, such as statements about our strategy, financial plans, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals (including those related to our social, environmental and other sustainability goals); or address possible or future results of operations or financial performance, including statements relating to orders, revenues, operating margins and earnings per share growth. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Important factors that could cause our actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in or implied by our forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: the impact of overall industry and general economic conditions, including industrial, governmental, and public and private sector spending, interest rates, inflation and related monetary policy by governments in response to inflation, and the strength of the residential and commercial real estate markets, on economic activity and our operations; geopolitical events, including the ongoing and possible escalation of the conflicts involving Russia and Ukraine, and the Middle East, as well as regulatory, economic and other risks associated with our global sales and operations, including those related to domestic content requirements applicable to projects receiving governmental funding; manufacturing and operating cost increases due to macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, energy supply, supply chain shortages, logistics challenges, tight labor markets, prevailing price changes, tariffs and other factors; demand for our products, disruption, competition or pricing pressures in the markets we serve; cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions of information technology systems on which we rely, or involving our connected products and services; lack of availability or delays in receiving parts and raw materials from our supply chain, including electronic components (in particular, semiconductors); disruptions in operations at our facilities or that of third parties upon which we rely; uncertainty related to the realization of the benefits and synergies from our acquisition of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp.; safe and compliant treatment and handling of water, wastewater and hazardous materials; failure to successfully execute large projects, including with respect to meeting performance guarantees and customers budgets, timelines and safety requirements; our ability to retain and attract leadership and other diverse and key talent, as well as competition for overall talent and labor; defects, security, warranty and liability claims, and recalls related to our products; uncertainty around restructuring and realignment actions and related costs and savings; our ability to execute strategic investments for growth, including related to acquisitions and divestitures; availability, regulation or interference with radio spectrum used by certain of our products; volatility in served markets or impacts on our business and operations due to weather conditions, including the effects of climate change; risks related to our sustainability commitments and related disclosures; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; difficulty predicting our financial results; risk of future impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets; changes in our effective tax rates or tax expenses; financial market risks related to our pension and other defined benefit plans; failure to comply with, or changes in, laws or regulations, including those pertaining to our business conduct, operations, products and services, including anti-corruption, data privacy and security, trade, competition, the environment, climate change and health and safety; legal, governmental or regulatory claims, investigations or proceedings and associated contingent liabilities; matters related to intellectual property infringement or expiration of rights; and other factors set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 ("2023 Annual Report") and in subsequent filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 37 

Forward-looking and other statements in this Report regarding our environmental and other sustainability plans and goals are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors, to our business, operating results, financial condition, outlook, or strategy, to our impacts on sustainability matters or other parties, or are required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking social, environmental and sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. All forward-looking statements made herein are based on information currently available to us as of the date of this Report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 Overview 
 Xylem is a leading global water technology company. We design, manufacture and service highly engineered products and solutions ranging across a wide variety of critical applications in utility, industrial, residential and commercial building solutions settings. Our broad portfolio of solutions addresses customer needs of scarcity, resilience, and affordability across the water cycle, from the delivery, measurement and use of drinking water to the collection, test, treatment and analysis of wastewater to the return of water to the environment. Our product and service offerings are organized into four reportable segments that are aligned around the critical market applications they provide: Water Infrastructure, Applied Water, Measurement and Control Solutions and Water Solutions and Services. The Company announced a change to its reportable segments effective January 1, 2024, and as such, has recast prior period segment amounts to be on a comparative basis with the new segment reporting (refer to Note 1, "Background and Basis of Presentation"). 
 Water Infrastructure serves the water infrastructure sector with pump systems that transport water from aquifers, lakes, rivers and seas; with filtration, ultraviolet and ozone systems that provide treatment, making the water fit to use; and pumping solutions that move the wastewater and storm water to treatment facilities where our mixers, biological treatment, monitoring and control systems provide the primary functions in the treatment process. Additionally, our offerings use monitoring and control, smart and connected technologies to allow for remote monitoring of performance and enable products to self-optimize pump operations maximizing energy efficiency and minimizing unplanned downtime and maintenance for our customers. The Water Infrastructure segment also provides a range of highly differentiated and scalable products and technologies with product offerings in the filtration and separation, disinfection, wastewater solutions, anode and electrochlorination technology, for municipal and industrial applications. In the Water Infrastructure segment, we provide the majority of our sales directly to customers along with strong applications expertise, while the remaining amount is through distribution partners. 
 Applied Water serves the water usage applications sector with water pressure boosting systems for heating, ventilation and air conditioning, and for fire protection systems to the residential and commercial building solutions markets. In addition, our pumps, heat exchangers and controls provide cooling to power plants and manufacturing facilities, circulation for food and beverage processing, as well as boosting systems for agricultural irrigation. In the Applied Water segment, we provide the majority of our sales through long-standing relationships with many of the leading independent distributors in the markets we serve, with the remainder going directly to customers. 
 Measurement and Control Solutions primarily serves the utility infrastructure solutions and services sector by delivering communications, smart metering, measurement and control capabilities and critical infrastructure technologies that allow customers to more effectively use their distribution networks for the delivery, monitoring and control of critical resources such as water, electricity and natural gas. We also provide analytical instrumentation used to measure and analyze water quality, flow and level in clean water, wastewater and outdoor water environments. Additionally, we offer software and services including cloud-based analytics, and remote monitoring and data management. In the Measurement and Control Solutions segment, we generate our sales through a combination of long-standing relationships with leading distributors and dedicated channel partners, as well as direct sales depending on the regional availability of distribution channels and the type of product. 
 38 

Water Solutions and Services provides tailored services and solutions, in collaboration with customers, including on demand water, outsourced water, recycle / reuse, specialty dewatering and emergency response service alternatives to improve operational reliability, performance and environmental compliance. Key offerings within this segment also include equipment systems for industrial needs (influent water, boiler feed water, ultrahigh purity, process water, wastewater treatment, and recycle / reuse), full-scale outsourcing of operations and maintenance, and municipal services, including odor and corrosion control services, as well as leak detection, condition assessment and asset management and pressure monitoring solutions. 
 Evoqua Acquisition 
 On May 24, 2023, Xylem completed the acquisition of Evoqua. Commencing from the acquisition date, Xylem s financial statements include the assets, liabilities, operating results and cash flows of Evoqua. Refer to Note 3, "Acquisitions and Divestitures," for additional information. 
 Executive Summary 
 Xylem reported revenue for the third quarter of 2024 of 2,104 million, an increase of 1.3 compared to 2,076 million reported in the third quarter of 2023. The revenue increase consisted primarily of organic growth of 1.1 driven by strong execution and demand in our Measurement and Control Solutions segment. 
 Additional financial highlights for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 include the following: 
 Orders of 2,201 million, up 8.4 from 2,031 million in the prior year period, and up 8.2 on an organic basis. 
 Earnings per share of 0.89, up 41.3 compared to prior year 1.11, up 12.1 versus prior year, on an adjusted basis). 
 Net income as a percent of revenue of 10.3 , up 300 basis points compared to 7.3 in the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.2 , up 140 basis points when compared to 19.8 in the prior year. 
 39 

Key Performance Indicators and Non-GAAP Measures 
 Management reviews key performance indicators including revenue, gross margins, segment operating income and margins, orders growth, working capital and backlog, among others. In addition, we consider certain non-GAAP (or "adjusted") measures to be useful to management and investors evaluating our operating performance for the periods presented, and to provide a tool for evaluating our ongoing operations, liquidity and management of assets. This information can assist investors in assessing our financial performance and measures our ability to generate capital for deployment among competing strategic alternatives and initiatives, including, but not limited to, dividends, acquisitions, share repurchases and debt repayment. Excluding revenue, Xylem provides guidance only on a non-GAAP basis due to the inherent difficulty in forecasting certain amounts that would be included in GAAP earnings, such as discrete tax items, without unreasonable effort. These adjusted metrics are consistent with how management views our business and are used to make financial, operating and planning decisions. These metrics, however, are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for revenue, operating income, net income, earnings per share (basic and diluted) or net cash from operating activities as determined in accordance with GAAP. We consider the following non-GAAP measures to be key performance indicators, as well as the related reconciling items to the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 "organic revenue" and "organic orders" defined as revenue and orders, respectively, excluding the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency translation and contributions from acquisitions and divestitures. Divestitures include sales or discontinuance of insignificant portions of our business that did not meet the criteria for classification as a discontinued operation. The period-over-period change resulting from foreign currency translation impacts is determined by translating current period and prior period activity using the same currency conversion rate. 
 "constant currency" defined as financial results adjusted for foreign currency translation impacts by translating current period and prior period activity using the same currency conversion rate. This approach is used for countries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. 
 "adjusted net income" and "adjusted earnings per share" defined as net income and earnings per share, respectively, adjusted to exclude restructuring and realignment costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, gain or loss from the sale of businesses, special charges and tax-related special items, as applicable. A reconciliation of adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share is provided below. Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (in millions, except for per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Earnings per share 217 0.89 152 0.63 564 2.32 343 1.63 Restructuring and realignment 11 0.05 34 0.14 55 0.23 82 0.39 Acquired intangible amortization 52 0.21 66 0.27 163 0.67 120 0.57 Special charges (a) 7 0.03 24 0.11 36 0.15 116 0.56 Tax-related special items (3) (0.01) (8) (0.03) (11) (0.05) (8) (0.04) (Gain) loss from sale of business 2 0.01 6 0.02 Tax effects of adjustments (b) 
 (17) (0.07) (28) (0.12) (59) (0.24) (67) (0.32) Adjusted net income Adjusted earnings per share 269 1.11 240 0.99 754 3.10 586 2.79 Weighted average number of shares - diluted 243.8 242.2 243.4 210.1 
 40 

(a) The special charges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 consist primarily of acquisition and integration costs related to the Evoqua transaction. 
 (b) The tax effects of adjustments are calculated using the statutory tax rate, taking into consideration the nature of the item and the relevant taxing jurisdiction. 
 
 "adjusted operating expenses" defined as operating expenses adjusted to exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets, restructuring and realignment costs and special charges. 
 "adjusted operating income" defined as operating income, adjusted to exclude restructuring and realignment costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and special charges, as applicable; and "adjusted operating margin" defined as adjusted operating income divided by total revenue. 
 EBITDA defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense, "adjusted EBITDA" reflects the adjustment to EBITDA to exclude share-based compensation charges, restructuring and realignment costs, gain or loss from sale of businesses and special charges, and "adjusted EBITDA margin" defined as adjusted EBITDA divided by total revenue. 
 realignment costs defined as costs not included in restructuring costs that are incurred as part of actions taken to reposition our business, including items such as professional fees, severance, relocation, travel, facility set-up and other costs. 
 special charges" defined as non-recurring costs incurred by the Company, such as those related to acquisitions and integrations, divestitures and non-cash impairment charges. 
 "tax-related special items" defined as tax items, such as tax return versus tax provision adjustments, tax exam impacts, tax law change impacts, excess tax benefits/losses and other discrete tax adjustments. 
 "free cash flow" defined as net cash from operating activities, as reported in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows, less capital expenditures. Our definition of "free cash flow" does not consider certain non-discretionary cash payments, such as debt. The following table provides a reconciliation of free cash flow. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 688 382 Capital expenditures (221) (177) Free cash flow 467 205 Net cash used in investing activities (193) (539) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities (520) (71) 

41 

Results of Operations Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenue 2,104 2,076 1.3 6,306 5,246 20.2 Gross profit 784 764 2.6 2,355 1,961 20.1 Gross margin 37.3 36.8 50 bp 37.3 37.4 (10) bp Total operating expenses 504 573 (12.0) 1,613 1,520 6.1 Expense to revenue ratio 24.0 27.6 (360) bp 25.6 29.0 (340) bp Operating income 280 191 46.6 742 441 68.3 Operating margin 13.3 9.2 410 bp 11.8 8.4 340 bp Interest and other non-operating expense, net 9 6 50.0 24 16 50.0 (Loss) on sale of businesses (2) NM (6) NM Income tax expense 52 33 57.6 148 82 80.5 Tax rate 19.3 17.8 150 bp 20.7 19.3 140 bp Net income 217 152 42.8 564 343 64.4 
 NM - Not meaningful change 
 Revenue 
 Revenue generated during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2,104 million and 6,306 million, respectively, reflecting an increase of 28 million, or 1.3 , and 1,060 million, or 20.2 , respectively, compared to the prior year. Revenue growth contributed by acquisitions and divestitures, net, was 0 million for the three months ended and 782 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Organic revenue increased 22 million, or 1.1 , and 283 million, or 5.4 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Foreign currency translation had a favorable impact on revenue of 6 million and an unfavorable impact on revenue of 5 million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 respectively. The increases in organic revenue reflect strong organic growth in the U.S., and other North America, partially offset by organic declines in western Europe and the emerging markets for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and strong organic growth across all major regions, led by the U.S., for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The following table illustrates the impact from organic growth, recent acquisitions and divestitures, and foreign currency translation in relation to revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Water Infrastructure Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Total Xylem (in millions) Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change 2023 Revenue 612 465 413 586 2,076 Organic Growth 6 1.0 (20) (4.3) 44 10.7 (8) (1.4) 22 1.1 Acquisitions/(Divestitures) Constant Currency 6 1.0 (20) (4.3) 44 10.7 (8) (1.4) 22 1.1 Foreign currency translation (a) 5 0.8 2 0.4 1 0.2 (2) (0.3) 6 0.2 Total change in revenue 11 1.8 (18) (3.9) 45 10.9 (10) (1.7) 28 1.3 2024 Revenue 623 447 458 576 2,104 
 (a) Foreign currency translation impact for the year due to the strengthening in value of various currencies against the U.S. Dollar, the largest being the British Pound and the Euro. 
 42 

Water Infrastructure Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Total Xylem (in millions) Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change 2023 Revenue 1,541 1,396 1,175 1,134 5,246 Organic Growth 66 4.3 (56) (4.0) 227 19.3 46 4.0 283 5.4 Acquisitions/(Divestitures) 221 14.3 561 49.5 782 14.9 Constant Currency 287 18.6 (56) (4.0) 227 19.3 607 53.5 1,065 20.3 Foreign currency translation (a) (1) (0.1) (4) (0.3) (5) (0.1) Total change in revenue 287 18.6 (57) (4.1) 227 19.3 603 53.2 1,060 20.2 2024 Revenue 1,828 1,339 1,402 1,737 6,306 
 (a) Foreign currency translation impact for the year due to the weakening in value of various currencies against the U.S. Dollar, the largest being the Chinese Yuan, Chilean Peso, Canadian Dollar and the Egyptian pound, offset by the strengthening in the British Pound. 
 Water Infrastructure 
 Water Infrastructure revenue increased 11 million, or 1.8 , for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior year. Revenue growth for the quarter included organic revenue growth of 6 million, or 1.0 and 5 million of favorable impacts from foreign currency translation. The transport application contributed 15 million of organic revenue growth, driven by strength across all of our major geographic regions and other North America. Growth was led by western Europe due to increased revenue from capital projects, and price realization. Organic revenue for the treatment applications decreased by 9 million, with declines across all major geographic regions, led by declines in the U.S. driven by project timing. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue increased 287 million, or 18.6 as compared to the prior year. Revenue growth contributed by acquisitions was 221 million, with the remainder of the increase coming from organic revenue growth of 66 million, or 4.3 . The transport application had 53 million of organic revenue growth, driven by strength in all of our major geographic regions, driven by backlog execution, infrastructure projects, and price realization in western Europe, the U.S. and other North America. Organic revenue for the treatment applications grew by 13 million, led by increased sales volume in the U.S. and project revenue in other Asia Pacific. 
 Applied Water 
 Applied Water revenue decreased 18 million, or 3.9 , for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior year. Revenue was positively impacted by 2 million of foreign currency translation, with the change at constant currency coming entirely from an organic decline of 20 million, or 4.3 . Organic weakness was driven by declines in both the building solutions and industrial applications. Building solutions organic revenue decreased by 13 million due to softness across all major geographic regions, led by the U.S. Industrial organic revenue declined 7 million as a result of softness in the emerging markets and western Europe, partially offset by modest organic growth in the U.S. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue decreased 57 million, or 4.1 as compared to the prior year. Revenue was negatively impacted by 1 million of foreign currency translation during the nine month period, with the change at constant currency coming entirely from organic declines of 56 million, or 4.0 . Organic weakness was driven by declines in both the industrial and building solutions applications. Industrial organic revenue decreased by 30 million due to timing of projects in the emerging markets and softness in the U.S. and western Europe. Organic revenue from building solutions declined 26 million as a result of softness in the U.S. and western Europe. 
 43 

Measurement and Control Solutions 
 Measurement and Control Solutions revenue increased 45 million, or 10.9 , for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior year. Revenue was positively impacted by 1 million of foreign currency translation, with the change at constant currency coming entirely from organic growth of 44 million, or 10.7 . Organic revenue growth during the quarter was driven by 50 million in the smart metering and other applications in the U.S. due to increased sales volume due to supply chain improvements, which was partially offset by 6 million in organic declines from analytics driven by lapping of project deliveries and backlog execution in the U.S. in the prior year. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue increased 227 million, or 19.3 as compared to the prior year, coming entirely from organic revenue growth. Smart metering and other applications had 234 million of organic growth for the nine months, which was partially offset by 7 million of organic decline in analytics, both impacted by similar dynamics experienced in the current quarter. 
 Water Solutions and Services 
 Water Solutions and Services revenue decreased 10 million, or 1.7 , for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior year. Revenue declines for the quarter included organic revenue declines of 8 million, or 1.4 , and 2 million of unfavorable impacts from foreign currency translation. Organic revenue declines were primarily driven by declines in the U.S. driven by lapping of large capital projects in the prior year, partially offset by demand in the dewatering rental application, and demand in dewatering applications in the emerging markets. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue increased 603 million, or 53.2 as compared to the prior year. Revenue growth contributed by acquisitions was 561 million, with the remainder of the increase coming from organic revenue growth of 46 million, or 4.0 , partially offset by 4 million of unfavorable impacts from foreign currency translation. Organic revenue growth was primarily from strength in the dewatering applications in the U.S. and the emerging markets due to increased sales volume, strong rental demand and increased capital project revenue. 
 Orders / Backlog 
 Orders 
 An order represents a legally enforceable, written document that includes the scope of work or services to be performed or equipment to be supplied to a customer, the corresponding price and the expected delivery date for the applicable products or services to be provided. An order often takes the form of a customer purchase order or a signed quote from a Xylem business. 
 The following tables illustrate the impact from organic decline/growth, recent acquisitions and divestitures, and foreign currency translation in relation to orders during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Water Infrastructure Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Total Xylem (in millions) Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change 2023 Orders 656 422 343 610 2,031 Organic Impact 40 6.1 15 3.6 41 12.0 70 11.5 166 8.2 Acquisitions/(Divestitures) Constant Currency 40 6.1 15 3.6 41 12.0 70 11.5 166 8.2 Foreign currency translation (a) 4 0.6 2 0.5 (2) (0.4) 4 0.2 Total change in orders 44 6.7 15 3.6 43 12.5 68 11.1 170 8.4 2024 Orders 700 437 386 678 2,201 
 (a) Foreign currency translation impact for the year due to the strengthening in value of various currencies against the U.S. Dollar, the largest being the British Pound and the Euro. 
 44 

Water Infrastructure Applied Water Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Total Xylem (in millions) Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change Change 2023 Orders 1,680 1,350 1,228 1,199 5,457 Organic Impact 112 6.6 35 2.6 (30) (2.4) 80 6.7 197 3.6 Acquisitions/(Divestitures) 243 14.5 643 53.6 886 16.2 Constant Currency 355 21.1 35 2.6 (30) (2.4) 723 60.3 1,083 19.8 Foreign currency translation (a) 1 0.1 (3) (0.2) 1 (5) (0.4) (6) (0.1) Total change in orders 356 21.2 32 2.4 (29) (2.4) 718 59.9 1,077 19.7 2024 Orders 2,036 1,382 1,199 1,917 6,534 
 (a) Foreign currency translation impact for the year due to the weakening in value of various currencies against the U.S. Dollar, the largest being the Chinese Yuan, Chilean Peso, Canadian Dollar and the Egyptian pound, offset by the strengthening in the British Pound. 
 Backlog 
 Backlog includes orders on hand as well as contractual customer agreements at the end of the period. Delivery schedules vary from customer to customer based on their requirements. Annual or multi-year contracts are subject to rescheduling and cancellation by customers due to the long-term nature of the contracts. As such, beginning total backlog, plus orders, minus revenues, will not equal ending total backlog due to contract adjustments, foreign currency fluctuations, and other factors. Typically, capital projects require longer lead production cycles and deployment schedules and delays occur from time to time. Total backlog was 5,253 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 84 million or 1.6 , as compared to September 30, 2023 backlog of 5,169 million. The increase in backlog was driven by the order intake and contract wins in the current period outpacing revenue, as well as favorable impacts from foreign currency translation. Backlog grew in the Water Solutions and Services and Water Infrastructure segments, partially offset by a decrease in the Measurement and Control Solutions segment's backlog due to execution on previously elevated backlog levels. Backlog increased 165 million or 3.2 , as compared to December 31, 2023 backlog of 5,088 million. We anticipate that approximately 30 of the backlog at September 30, 2024 will be recognized as revenue in the remainder of 2024. There were no significant order cancellations during the quarter. 
 Gross Margin 
 Gross margin as a percentage of revenue increased 50 basis points t o 37.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 36.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin for the quarter included favorable impacts of 50 basis points from decreases in special charges and realignment costs as compared to the prior year. Additionally, gross margin included 290 basis points of favorable operational impacts, consisting of 180 basis points of productivity savings and 110 basis points of price realization. These increases in gross margin were offset by 290 basis points of unfavorable operational impacts driven by 170 basis points of inflation, 30 basis points of unfavorable mix and 30 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments. 
 Gross margin as a percentage of revenue decreased 10 basis points to 37.3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 37.4 in the prior year. The gross margin decrease included 20 basis points of unfavorable impacts from increases in acquired intangible asset amortization, partially offset by decreases in realignment costs and special charges as compared to the prior year. Additionally, gross margin decline included 270 basis points of unfavorable operational impacts, driven by 130 basis points of inflation, 70 basis points of unfavorable impacts from the Evoqua acquisition, 30 basis points in increased spending on strategic investments, and 30 basis points of increased inventory management costs. The gross margin decrease was partially offset by 280 basis points of favorable operational impacts driven by 180 basis points of productivity savings and 90 basis points of favorable price realization. 
 45 

Operating Expenses 
 The following table presents operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Selling, general and administrative expenses 445 491 (9.4) 1,404 1,291 8.8 SG A as a of revenue 21.2 23.7 (250) bp 22.3 24.6 (230) bp Research and development expenses 55 61 (9.8) 172 172 R D as a of revenue 2.6 2.9 (30) bp 2.7 3.3 (60) bp Restructuring and asset impairment charges 4 21 (81.0) 37 57 (35.1) Operating expenses 504 573 (12.0) 1,613 1,520 6.1 Expense to revenue ratio 24.0 27.6 (360) bp 25.6 29.0 (340) bp 
 Selling, General and Administrative ("SG A") Expenses 
 SG A expenses decreased by 46 million to 445 million, or 21.2 of revenue, in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to 491 million, or 23.7 of revenue, in the comparable 2023 period and increased 113 million to 1,404 million, or 22.3 of revenue, in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1,291 million, or 24.6 of revenue, in the comparable 2023 period. Decreases in SG A in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior year primarily consisted of a 29 million decrease in acquired intangible asset amortization, special charges, and realignment costs, 22 million of productivity savings, including cost synergies from the Evoqua acquisition, partially offset by inflation of 11 million. Increases in SG A in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year were primarily driven by 148 million of additional operational SG A from the acquisition of Evoqua, inflation of 34 million, increased spending on strategic investments of 20 million and an increase in acquired intangible asset amortization of 12 million. These increases to SG A expenses were partially offset by decreases in special charges and realignment costs of 65 million and 47 million of productivity savings, including Evoqua cost synergies. 
 Research and Development ("R D") Expenses 
 R D expense was 55 million, or 2.6 of revenue, in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to 61 million, or 2.9 of revenue in the third quarter of 2023, and was 172 million, or 2.7 of revenue, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 172 million, or 3.3 of revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The R D spend has remained fairly consistent year over year. 
 Restructuring and Asset Impairment Charges 
 Restructuring 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred restructuring charges of 4 million and 36 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the charges incurred primarily related to strengthening our competitive positioning and the integration of Evoqua. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred restructuring costs of 20 million and 54 million, respectively. We incurred these charges primarily as a result of our acquisition of Evoqua and the related integration activities. Approximately, 11 million and 25 million of the charges, respectively, are related to stock based compensation expense due to acceleration clauses in Evoqua's equity compensation agreements and approximately 1 million and 14 million of the charges, respectively, resulted from the reduction of headcount related to the Evoqua integration for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, during the three and nine month ended September 30, 2023, we incurred 8 million and 15 million, respectively of charges related to our efforts to reposition our businesses to optimize our cost structure, improve our operational efficiency and effectiveness, strengthen our competitive positioning and better serve our customers. The charges were incurred across all of our segments. 
 Actions commenced in 2024 and 2023 consist primarily of severance and asset impairment charges. We currently expect to incur between 40 and 50 million in restructuring costs for the full year related to these actions. 
 46 

Refer to Note 5, "Restructuring and Asset Impairment Charges" for more information. 
 The following is a roll-forward for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 of employee position eliminations associated with restructuring activities: 2024 2023 Planned reductions - January 1 113 102 Additional planned reductions 276 272 Actual reductions and reversals (190) (175) Planned reductions - September 30 199 199 
 Asset Impairment 
 Refer to Note 9, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" for more information on intangible asset impairment charges incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30,2024. 
 
 Operating Income, Net Income, and Adjusted EBITDA 
 Operating income was 280 million (operating margin of 13.3 during the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 89 million, or 46.6 , when compared to operating income of 191 million (operating margin of 9.2 during the prior year. Operating margin increased 410 basis points, which included net favorable impacts of 270 basis points from decreases in restructuring and realignment costs, special charges and acquired intangible asset amortization compared to the prior year. Additionally, operating margin expansion included 510 basis points of favorable operational impacts driven by 290 basis points of productivity savings and 150 basis points of price realization. These favorable impacts were partially offset by 370 basis points of unfavorable operational impacts, driven by 230 basis points of inflation, followed by 60 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments. Excluding acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and realignment costs, and special charges, adjusted operating income was 350 million (adjusted operating margin of 16.6 for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to adjusted operating income of 315 million (adjusted operating margin of 15.2 during the comparable quarter in the prior year. 
 Net income for the third quarter was 217 million (net income margin of 10.3 ), an increase of 65 million as compared to net income in the prior year of 152 million (net income margin of 7.3 ). The increase in net income was driven by increased operating income of 89 million and decreased interest expense of 4 million, partially offset by increased income tax expense of 19 million and decreased non-operating income of 7 million and increased loss from sale of businesses of 2 million. Adjusted EBITDA was 447 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.2 during the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 36 million, or 8.8 , when compared to adjusted EBITDA of 411 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.8 during the comparable quarter in the prior year, an increase to adjusted EBITDA margin of 140 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA margin was impacted by the same offsetting factors impacting the adjusted operating margin. 
 Operating income was 742 million (operating margin of 11.8 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 301 million, or 68.3 , when compared to operating income of 441 million (operating margin of 8.4 during the prior year. Operating margin increased 340 basis points, which included net favorable impacts of 210 basis points from decreases in special charges and restructuring and realignment costs, partially offset by increased acquired intangible asset amortization compared to the prior year. Additionally, operating margin expansion included 470 basis points of favorable operational impacts driven by 260 basis points of productivity savings, 120 basis points of price realization, and 80 basis points of increased volume. These favorable impacts were partially offset by 340 basis points of unfavorable operational impacts, driven by 200 basis points of inflation, followed by 70 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments. Excluding acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and realignment costs, and special charges, adjusted operating income was 996 million (adjusted operating margin of 15.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to adjusted operating income of 759 million (adjusted operating margin of 14.5 during the comparable period in the prior year. 
 47 

Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 564 million (net income margin of 8.9 ), an increase of 221 million as compared to Net income in the prior year of 343 million (net income margin of 6.5 ). The increase in net income was driven by increased operating income of 301 million, partially offset by decreased non-operating income of 8 million, increased loss from sale of businesses of 6 million, and increased income tax expense of 66 million. Adjusted EBITDA was 1,290 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.5 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 314 million, or 32 , when compared to adjusted EBITDA of 976 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.6 during the comparable prior year period, an increase to adjusted EBITDA margin of 190 basis points. Adjusted EBITDA margin was impacted by the same offsetting factors impacting the adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted EBITDA margin also benefited from the exclusion of incremental depreciation and amortization as compared to the prior year. 
 48 

The table below provides a reconciliation of the total and each segment's operating income to adjusted operating income, and a calculation of the corresponding adjusted operating margin: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Water Infrastructure Operating income 96 84 14.3 234 200 17.0 Operating margin 15.4 13.7 170 bp 12.8 13.0 (20) bp Restructuring and realignment costs 6 2 200.0 15 7 114.3 Purchase accounting intangible amortization 11 15 (26.7) 47 24 95.8 Special charges (2) 6 (133.3) 
 4 18 (77.8) Adjusted operating income 111 107 3.7 300 249 20.5 Adjusted operating margin 17.8 17.5 30 bp 16.4 16.2 20 bp Applied Water Operating income 71 73 (2.7) 203 240 (15.4) Operating margin 15.9 15.7 20 bp 15.2 17.2 (200) bp Restructuring and realignment costs 2 6 (66.7) 6 11 (45.5) Adjusted operating income 73 79 (7.6) 209 251 (16.7) Adjusted operating margin 16.3 17.0 (70) bp 15.6 18.0 (240) bp Measurement and Control Solutions Operating income 66 35 88.6 215 90 138.9 Operating margin 14.4 8.5 590 bp 15.3 7.7 760 bp Restructuring and realignment costs (1) 6 (116.7) 3 14 (78.6) Purchase accounting intangible amortization 15 14 7.1 43 43 Special charges 2 1 100.0 3 3 Adjusted operating income 82 56 46.4 264 150 76.0 Adjusted operating margin 17.9 13.6 430 bp 18.8 12.8 600 bp Water Solutions and Services Operating income 63 33 90.9 160 77 107.8 Operating margin 10.9 5.6 530 bp 9.2 6.8 240 bp Restructuring and realignment costs 4 9 (55.6) 30 17 76.5 Purchase accounting intangible amortization 26 37 (29.7) 73 53 37.7 Special charges 1 9 (88.9) 13 16 (18.8) Adjusted operating income 94 88 6.8 276 163 69.3 Adjusted operating margin 16.3 15.0 130 bp 15.9 14.4 150 bp Corporate and other Operating loss (16) (34) (52.9) (70) (166) (57.8) Restructuring and realignment costs 11 NM 1 33 (97.0) Special charges 6 8 (25.0) 16 79 (79.7) Adjusted operating loss (10) (15) (33.3) (53) (54) (1.9) Total Xylem Operating income 280 191 46.6 742 441 68.3 Operating margin 13.3 9.2 410 bp 11.8 8.4 340 bp Restructuring and realignment costs 11 34 (67.6) 55 82 (32.9) Purchase accounting intangible amortization 52 66 (21.2) 163 120 35.8 Special charges 7 24 (70.8) 36 116 (69.0) Adjusted operating income 350 315 11.1 996 759 31.2 Adjusted operating margin 16.6 15.2 140 bp 15.8 14.5 130 bp 
 NM - Not meaningful percentage change 
 49 

The table below provides a reconciliation of net income to consolidated EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in millions) September 30 September 30 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Net Income 217 152 43 564 343 64 Net Income margin 10.3 7.3 300 bp 8.9 6.5 240 bp Depreciation 68 63 8 191 132 45 Amortization 73 84 (13) 229 167 37 Interest expense, net 5 6 (17) 18 13 38 Income tax expense 52 33 58 148 82 80 EBITDA 415 338 23 1,150 737 56 Share-based compensation 12 18 (33) 43 45 (4) Restructuring realignment 11 33 (67) 55 80 (31) Special charges 7 22 (68) 36 114 (68) (Gain)/Loss on sale of businesses 2 NM 6 NM Adjusted EBITDA 447 411 9 1,290 976 32 Adjusted EBITDA margin 21.2 19.8 140 bp 20.5 18.6 190 bp 
 
 The tables below provide a reconciliation of each segment's operating income (loss) to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in millions) Water Infrastructure Applied Water Systems Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Operating Income 96 71 66 63 Operating margin 15.4 15.9 14.4 10.9 Gain/(Loss) on sale of businesses (2) Depreciation 12 6 7 43 Amortization 13 1 26 30 Other non-operating income (expense), excluding interest (1) 1 (4) (1) EBITDA 120 79 95 133 Share-based compensation 3 2 1 2 Restructuring realignment 6 2 (1) 4 Special charges (2) 2 1 (Gain)/Loss on sale of businesses 2 Adjusted EBITDA 127 83 97 142 Adjusted EBITDA margin 20.4 18.6 21.2 24.7 
 50 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Water Infrastructure Applied Water Systems Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Operating Income 84 73 35 33 Operating margin 13.7 15.7 8.5 5.6 Depreciation 10 7 7 39 Amortization 17 24 39 Other non-operating income (expense), excluding interest (1) 1 EBITDA 110 80 66 112 Share-based compensation 4 1 1 3 Restructuring realignment 2 6 5 9 Special Charges 6 1 9 Adjusted EBITDA 122 87 73 133 Adjusted EBITDA margin 19.9 18.7 17.7 22.7 
 Three Months Ended 2024 versus 2023 (in millions) Water Infrastructure Applied Water Systems Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Operating Income (Loss) 12 (2) 31 30 Operating margin 170 bps 20 bps 590 bps 530 bps Gain/(Loss) on sale of businesses (2) Depreciation 2 (1) 4 Amortization (4) 1 2 (9) Other non-operating income (expense), excluding interest 1 (4) (2) EBITDA 10 (1) 29 21 Share-based compensation (1) 1 (1) Restructuring realignment 4 (4) (6) (5) Special charges (8) 1 (8) (Gain)/Loss on sale of businesses 2 Adjusted EBITDA 5 (4) 24 9 Adjusted EBITDA margin 50 bps (10) bps 350 bps 200 bps 
 
 51 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in millions) Water Infrastructure Applied Water Systems Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Operating Income 234 203 215 160 Operating margin 12.8 15.2 15.3 9.2 Gain/(Loss) on sale of businesses (6) Depreciation 32 19 20 119 Amortization 61 2 78 80 Other non-operating income (expense), excluding interest (2) (7) EBITDA 325 224 306 353 Share-based compensation 10 5 3 8 Restructuring realignment 15 6 3 30 Special charges 4 3 13 (Gain)/Loss on sale of businesses 6 Adjusted EBITDA 354 235 315 410 Adjusted EBITDA margin 19.4 17.6 22.5 23.6 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in millions) Water Infrastructure Applied Water Systems Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Operating Income 200 240 90 77 Operating margin 13.0 17.2 7.7 6.8 Gain from sale of business Depreciation 25 18 20 68 Amortization 29 2 72 57 Other non-operating income (expense), excluding interest (1) (1) 1 EBITDA 254 259 181 203 Share-based compensation 9 2 5 8 Restructuring realignment 7 11 12 17 Special Charges 18 3 16 Gain from sale of business Adjusted EBITDA 288 272 201 244 Adjusted EBITDA margin 18.7 19.5 17.1 21.5 
 52 

Nine Months Ended 2024 versus 2023 
 (in millions) Water Infrastructure Applied Water Systems Measurement and Control Solutions Water Solutions and Services Operating Income (Loss) 34 (37) 125 83 Operating margin (20) bps (200) bps 760 bps 240 bps Gain/(Loss) on sale of businesses (6) Depreciation 7 1 51 Amortization 32 6 23 Other non-operating income (expense), excluding interest (2) 1 (6) (1) EBITDA 71 (35) 125 150 Share-based compensation 1 3 (2) Restructuring realignment 8 (5) (9) 13 Special charges (14) (3) (Gain)/Loss on sale of businesses 6 Adjusted EBITDA 66 (37) 114 166 Adjusted EBITDA margin 70 bps (190) bps 540 bps 210 bps 
 
 Water Infrastructure 
 Operating income for our Water Infrastructure segment was 96 million (operating margin of 15.4 during the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 12 million, or 14.3 , when compared to operating income of 84 million (operating margin of 13.7 during the prior year, or a total increase in operating margin of 170 basis points. Operating margin expansion included favorable impacts of 140 basis points from decreases in special charges and acquired intangible asset amortization, partially offset by increased restructuring and realignment costs as compared to the prior year. Additionally, operating margin expansion included 460 basis points from favorable operating impacts driven by 330 basis points of productivity savings and 90 basis points of price realization. Margin expansion was partially offset by 430 basis points of unfavorable operational impacts, driven by 230 basis points of inflation, 90 basis points of unfavorable mix, and 50 basis points of inventory management costs. Excluding amortization of acquired intangibles, restructuring and realignment cost and special charges, adjusted operating income was 111 million (adjusted operating margin of 17.8 for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to adjusted operating income of 107 million (adjusted operating margin of 17.5 for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 127 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 20.4 for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 5 million, or 4.1 , when compared to adjusted EBITDA of 122 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.9 during the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA margin was impacted by the same offsetting factors impacting the adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted EBITDA margin also benefited from the exclusion of incremental depreciation and amortization as compared to the prior year. 
 53 

Operating income for our Water Infrastructure segment was 234 million (operating margin of 12.8 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 34 million, or 17.0 , when compared to operating income of 200 million (operating margin of 13.0 during the prior year, or a total decrease in operating margin of 20 basis points. Operating margin declines included net unfavorable impacts of 40 basis points from increases in acquired intangible asset amortization and restructuring and realignment costs partially offset by decreases in special charges as compared to the prior year. Additionally, operating margin declines included 430 basis points of unfavorable operational impacts, driven by 190 basis points of inflation, 50 basis points of decreased operating margin related to the Evoqua acquisition, 30 basis points of increased employee related costs, and 30 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments. Margin declines were largely offset by 450 basis points from favorable operating impacts driven by of 270 basis points of productivity savings, 70 basis points of price realization, 50 basis points of favorable mix, and 40 basis points of favorable currency impacts. Excluding amortization of acquired intangibles, restructuring and realignment cost and special charges, adjusted operating income was 300 million (adjusted operating margin of 16.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to adjusted operating income of 249 million (adjusted operating margin of 16.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 354 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 66 million, or 23 , when compared to adjusted EBITDA of 288 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.7 during the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA margin was impacted by the same offsetting factors impacting the adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted EBITDA margin also benefited from the relative incremental increase in depreciation and software amortization expense. 
 Applied Water 
 Operating income for our Applied Water segment was 71 million (operating margin of 15.9 during the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 2 million, or 2.7 , when compared to operating income of 73 million (operating margin of 15.7 during the prior year, or a total increase in operating margin of 20 basis points. Operating margin expansion included favorable impacts of 90 basis points from decreases in restructuring and realignment costs as compared to the prior year. Operating margin expansion included 390 basis points of favorable operational impacts, driven by 220 basis points of productivity savings and 60 basis points of price realization. Operating margin expansion was offset by 460 basis points of unfavorable operational impacts, driven by 170 basis points of inflation, 140 basis points of decreased volume and 70 basis points of unfavorable mix. Excluding restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating income was 73 million (adjusted operating margin of 16.3 for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to adjusted operating income of 79 million (adjusted operating margin of 17.0 for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 83 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.6 for the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 4 million, or 4.6 , when compared to adjusted EBITDA of 87 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 18.7 during the prior year. The decrease in adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily due to the same factors impacting the decrease in adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted EBITDA margin was not negatively impacted by increased share-based compensation expense. 
 Operating income for our Applied Water segment was 203 million (operating margin of 15.2 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 37 million, or 15.4 , when compared to operating income of 240 million (operating margin of 17.2 during the prior year, or a total decrease in operating margin of 200 basis points. Operating margin declines included favorable impacts of 40 basis points from a decrease in restructuring and realignment costs as compared to the prior year. Additionally, operating margin declines included 540 basis points from unfavorable operational impacts, driven by 200 basis points of inflation, 160 basis points of unfavorable mix and 110 basis points of decreased volume. The decline in margin was partially offset by 300 basis points of favorable operational impacts consisting of 270 basis points of productivity savings and 30 basis points of price realization. Excluding restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating income was 209 million (adjusted operating margin of 15.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to adjusted operating income of 251 million (adjusted operating margin of 18.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 54 

Adjusted EBITDA was 235 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 37 million, or 14 , when compared to adjusted EBITDA of 272 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 19.5 during the prior year. The decrease in adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily due to the same factors impacting the decrease in adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted EBITDA margin was not negatively impacted by increased share-based compensation expense, or the relative impact of depreciation, and software amortization expense. 
 Measurement and Control Solutions 
 Operating income for our Measurement and Control Solutions segment was 66 million (operating margin of 14.4 during the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 31 million, or 88.6 , when compared to operating income of 35 million (operating margin of 8.5 during the prior year, or a total increase in operating margin of 590 basis points. Operating margin expansion included favorable impacts of 160 basis points from a decrease in restructuring and realignment costs, offset by slight increases to acquired intangible asset amortization and special charges as compared to the prior year on increased revenue. Additionally, operating margin expansion included 920 basis points of favorable operational impacts, primarily consisting of 340 basis points of productivity savings, 330 basis points of price realization and 190 basis points of increased volume. Margin expansion was partially offset by negative operational impacts of 490 basis points driven by 330 basis points of inflation and 100 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments. Excluding acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and realignment costs and special charges, adjusted operating income was 82 million (adjusted operating margin of 17.9 for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to adjusted operating income of 56 million (adjusted operating margin of 13.6 for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 97 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.2 for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 24 million, or 32.9 , when compared to adjusted EBITDA of 73 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.7 during the prior year. The increase in adjusted EBITDA margin was due to the same factors as those impacting the increase in adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted EBITDA margin did not benefit from the relative impact of decreases in depreciation and software amortization on increased revenue. 
 Operating income for our Measurement and Control Solutions segment was 215 million (operating margin of 15.3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 125 million, or 138.9 , when compared to operating income of 90 million (operating margin of 7.7 during the prior year, or a total increase in operating margin of 760 basis points. Operating margin expansion included favorable impacts of 160 basis points from reduced restructuring and realignment costs and flat special charges, and acquired intangible asset amortization on increased revenue as compared to the prior year. Additionally, operating margin expansion included 1,010 basis points of favorable operational impacts, consisting of 340 basis points of productivity savings, 300 basis points of price realization, 290 basis points of increased volume, and 80 basis points of favorable mix. Margin expansion was partially offset by negative operational impacts of 410 basis points driven by 240 basis points of inflation, 70 basis points of increased inventory management costs, and 70 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments. Excluding acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and realignment costs and special charges, adjusted operating income was 264 million (adjusted operating margin of 18.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to adjusted operating income of 150 million (adjusted operating margin of 12.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 315 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.5 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 114 million, or 57 , when compared to adjusted EBITDA of 201 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.1 during the prior year. The increase in adjusted EBITDA margin was due to the same factors as those impacting the increase in adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted EBITDA margin did not benefit from decreases in share-based compensation or the relative impact of depreciation and software amortization on increased revenue. 
 Water Solutions and Services 
 Operating income for our Water Solutions and Services segment was 63 million (operating margin of 10.9 during the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 30 million, or 90.9 , when compared to operating income of 33 million (operating margin of 5.6 during the prior year, or a total increase in operating margin of 530 basis points. Operating margin expansion included favorable impacts of 400 basis points from decreased acquired intangible asset amortization, special charges, and restructuring and realignment as compared to the prior year. Additionally, operating margin expansion included 510 basis points of favorable operational impacts, driven by 220 basis points of productivity savings and 130 basis points of price realization. Margin expansion was offset by negative 
 55 

operational impacts of 380 basis points driven by 190 basis points of inflation, 70 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments, 60 basis points of unfavorable foreign currency exchange, and 50 basis points of decreased volume. Excluding acquired intangible asset amortization, restructuring and realignment costs, and special charges, adjusted operating income was 94 million (adjusted operating margin of 16.3 for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to adjusted operating income of 88 million (adjusted operating margin of 15.0 for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 142 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 24.7 for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 9 million, or 6.8 , when compared to adjusted EBITDA of 133 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.7 during the prior year. The increase in adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily due to the same factors as those impacting the increase in adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted EBITDA margin expansion was lower due to the relative impacts of incremental increases in depreciation and software amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense and other non-operating expense in the quarter. 
 Operating income for our Water Solutions and Services segment was 160 million (operating margin of 9.2 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 83 million, or 107.8 , when compared to operating income of 77 million (operating margin of 6.8 during the prior year, or a total increase in operating margin of 240 basis points. Operating margin expansion included favorable impacts of 90 basis points due to decreases in special charges and increases in acquired intangible asset amortization and restructuring and realignment costs as compared to the prior year. Additionally, operating margin expansion included 460 basis points of favorable operational impacts, driven by 150 basis points of increased volume, 140 basis points of productivity savings and 110 basis points of price realization. Margin expansion was offset by negative operational impacts of 310 basis points driven by 140 basis points of inflation and 90 basis points of increased spending on strategic investments. Excluding acquired intangible asset amortization, special charges, and restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating income was 276 million (adjusted operating margin of 15.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to adjusted operating income of 163 million (adjusted operating margin of 14.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 410 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 23.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 166 million, or 68 , when compared to adjusted EBITDA of 244 million (adjusted EBITDA margin of 21.5 during the prior year. The increase in adjusted EBITDA margin was due to the same factors as those impacting the increase in adjusted operating margin; however, adjusted EBITDA margin was not negatively impacted by increased depreciation and software amortization expense or the relative impact of share-based compensation expense on increased revenue. 
 Corporate and Other 
 Operating loss for corporate and other decreased 18 million, or 53 , during the third quarter of 2024 compared to the prior year period. The decrease in operating loss was primarily due to decreased restructuring and realignment costs and special charges, primarily relating to the acquisition and integration of Evoqua, as compared to the prior year. Excluding special charges and restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating loss for corporate and other decreased 5 million, or 33.3 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to decreased spending on strategic initiatives and timing of profit-based expenses in the quarter. 
 Operating loss for corporate and other decreased 96 million, or 58 , during nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period. The decrease in operating loss was primarily due to decreased special charges and decreased restructuring costs which primarily relate to the acquisition and integration of Evoqua. Excluding special charges and restructuring and realignment costs, adjusted operating loss for corporate and other decreased 1 million, or 1.9 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 driven primarily due to productivity savings. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 10 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 14 million for the comparable prior year period. The decrease in interest expense was primarily driven by lower debt due to the repayment of the term loan entered into in May 2023 for use in funding the acquisition of Evoqua, which was repaid on April 19, 2024, as well as a reduction of interest on commercial paper. 
 Interest expense remained consistent at 35 million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 56 

See Note 10, Derivative Financial Instruments and Note 12, "Credit Facilities and Debt," of our condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of our net investment hedges and credit facilities and long-term debt, respectively. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The income tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 52 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 19.3 , compared to 33 million of expense resulting in an effective tax rate of 17.8 for the same period in 2023. The income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 148 million resulting in an effective tax rate of 20.7 , compared to a 82 million expense resulting in an effective tax rate of 19.3 for the same period in 2023. The effective tax rate for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 was higher than the effective tax rate for the same period in 2023, primarily due to earnings mix. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table summarizes our sources and (uses) of cash: Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Change Operating activities 688 382 306 Investing activities (193) (539) 346 Financing activities (520) (71) (449) Foreign exchange (a) (5) (11) 6 Total (30) (239) 209 
 (a) The impact is primarily due to strengthening of the Chinese Yuan and various other currencies against the U.S. Dollar These impacts were partially offset by the weakening of the Euro. 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash generated by operating activities was 688 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to cash generated by operating activities of 382 million in the comparable prior year period. The increase in cash provided was primarily driven by higher cash earnings in the current year, the investment in a distribution agreement of select technology and payments made for Evoqua's pre-closing transaction costs in 2023 that did not recur in 2024, partially offset by the use of working capital, primarily related to inventory build up. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 193 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 539 million in the comparable prior year period. The decrease in cash used reflects payments related to the 2023 Evoqua acquisition, and reduced cash paid for equity investments in 2024. Cash received from the termination of acquired interest rate swaps in 2023 that did not recur in 2024, lower proceeds from the sale of a businesses and higher capital expenditures partially offset these items. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used by financing activities was 520 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to cash received of 71 million in the comparable prior year period. The increase in cash used reflects cash received from a new term loan agreement in 2023 that did not recur in 2024, the repayment of a term loan in the current year, and higher dividend payments. The repayment of a receivables securitization program in 2023 partially offset these items. 
 Funding and Liquidity Strategy 
 Our ability to fund our capital needs depends on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access to bank financing and the capital markets. We continually evaluate aspects of our spending, including capital expenditures, strategic investments and dividends. 
 57 

If our cash flows from operations are less than we expect, we may need to incur debt or issue equity. From time to time, we may need to access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. Our access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including: (i) our credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, (ii) the liquidity of the overall capital markets, and (iii) the current state of the economy. There can be no assurance that such financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or that such financing will be available at all. Our securities are rated investment grade. A significant change in credit rating could impact our ability to borrow at favorable rates. Refer to Note 12, "Credit Facilities and Debt", of our condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of limitations on obtaining additional funding. 
 We monitor our global funding requirements and seek to meet our liquidity needs on a cost-effective basis. In addition, our existing committed credit facilities and access to the public debt markets would provide further liquidity if required. 
 Based on our current global cash positions, cash flows from operations and access to the capital markets, we believe there is sufficient liquidity to meet our funding requirements and service debt and other obligations in both the U.S. and outside of the U.S. during the year. Currently, we have available liquidity of approximately 2 billion, consisting of 989 million of cash and 1 billion of available credit facilities as disclosed in Note 12, "Credit Facilities and Debt", of our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Credit Facilities Long-Term Contractual Commitments 
 See Note 12, "Credit Facilities and Debt," of our condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities and long-term debt. 
 Non-U.S. Operations 
 As we continue to grow our operations in the emerging markets and elsewhere outside of the U.S., we expect to continue to generate significant revenue from non-U.S. operations and expect that a substantial portion of our cash will be held by our foreign subsidiaries. We expect to manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. We may transfer cash from certain international subsidiaries to the U.S. and other international subsidiaries when we believe it is cost-effective to do so. We continually review our domestic and foreign cash profile, expected future cash generation and investment opportunities, and reassess whether there is a need to repatriate funds held internationally to support our U.S. operations. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our results of operations and capital resources are based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We believe the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the condensed consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the 2023 Annual Report describes the critical accounting estimates used in preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements. Actual results in these areas could differ from management s estimates. There have been no significant changes in the information concerning our critical accounting estimates as stated in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 2024 Outlook 
 We are updating our total revenue growth to be 15 , and organic revenue growth to be approximately 5 in 2024. Our outlook reflects our current visibility and expectations based on the current market environment and other factors and is largely consistent with the outlook provided in our 2023 Annual Report. Our ability to meet our expectations is subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to, those described in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 There has been no material change in the information concerning market risk as stated in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 58 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act) during the fiscal quarter covered by this quarterly report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

59 

PART II 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings that are incidental to the operation of our businesses (or the business operations of previously owned entities). These proceedings may seek remedies relating to matters including environmental, tax, intellectual property, acquisitions or divestitures, product liability, property damage, personal injury, privacy, employment, labor and pension, government investigations or contract issues and commercial or contractual disputes. 
 See Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information and any updates. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 The following table presents information with respect to purchases of the Company's common stock by the Company during the three months ended September 30, 2024: (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) PERIOD TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES PURCHASED AVERAGE PRICE PAID PER SHARE (a) TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES PURCHASED AS PART OF PUBLICLY ANNOUNCED PLANS OR PROGRAMS (b) APPROXIMATE DOLLAR VALUE OF SHARES THAT MAY YET BE PURCHASED UNDER THE PLANS OR PROGRAMS (b) 7/1/24 - 7/31/24 182 8/1/24 - 8/31/24 182 9/1/24 - 9/30/24 182 
 This table does not include shares tendered to satisfy the exercise price in connection with cashless exercises of employee stock options or shares tendered to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with employee equity awards. 
 (a) Average price paid per share is calculated on a settlement basis. 
 (b) On August 24, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500 million in shares with no expiration date. The program's objective is to deploy our capital in a manner that benefits our stockholders and maintains our focus on growth. There were no shares repurchased under this program for the three months ended September 30, 2024. There are up to 182 million in shares that may still be purchased under this plan as of September 30, 2024. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 (c) Trading Plans 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or Section 16 officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 
 
 60 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 See the Exhibit Index for a list of exhibits filed as part of this report and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 61 

XYLEM INC. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description Location 3.1 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Xylem Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Xylem Inc. s Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2017 (CIK No. 1524472, File No. 1-35229). 3.2 
 Fifth Amended and Restated By-laws of Xylem Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Xylem Inc. s Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2022 (CIK No. 1524472, File No. 1-35229). 10.1 
 # Transition Services Agreement entered into between Franz W. Cerwinka and Xylem Inc. dated October 14, 2024 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Xylem Inc. s Form 8-K filed on October 15, 2024 (CIK 1524472, File No. 1-35229) 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith. 31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith. 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 This Exhibit is intended to be furnished in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b) (32) (ii) and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference. 101.0 The following materials from Xylem Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Income Statements, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 104.0 The cover page from Xylem Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.0. # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 62 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 XYLEM INC. (Registrant) /s/ Geri-Michelle McShane Geri-Michelle McShane Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 October 31, 2024 
 63 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 xyl09302024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew F. Pine, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Xylem Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Matthew F. Pine Matthew F. Pine President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 xyl09302024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, William K. Grogan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Xylem Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 s William K. Grogan William K. Grogan Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 xyl09302024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Xylem Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to his knowledge, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Matthew F. Pine Matthew F. Pine President and Chief Executive Officer October 31, 2024 s William K. Grogan William K. Grogan Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer October 31, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Xylem Inc. and will be retained by Xylem Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 xyl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 xyl-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 xyl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 xyl-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 xyl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

