<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_911216_0001654954-24-014335.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3516772</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71860</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>840912</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>762168</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>739494</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1027935</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-24-014335.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114090624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-24-014335
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000911216
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				954078884
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15543
		FILM NUMBER:		241457632

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4B CEDAR BROOK DRIVE
		CITY:			CRANBURY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08512
		BUSINESS PHONE:		609-495-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4B CEDAR BROOK DRIVE
		CITY:			CRANBURY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERFILM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930825

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-24-014335.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ptn_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

ptn_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to __________ Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered American Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date (November 13, 2024): PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC . Table of Contents Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 5 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficiency for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 23 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 23 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 24 Item 1A. Risk Factors 24 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 25 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 25 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 25 Item 5. Other Information 25 Item 6. Exhibits 26 Signatures 27 2 Table of Contents Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report references to we, our, us, the Company or Palatin mean Palatin Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiary. Statements in this Quarterly Report, as well as oral statements that may be made by us or by our officers, directors, or employees acting on our behalf, that are not historical facts constitute forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report do not constitute guarantees of future performance. Investors are cautioned that statements that are not strictly historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report, including, without limitation, the following are forward looking statements: our significant operating losses since our inception and our need to obtain additional financing has caused management to determine there is substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern; our ability to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all, including unavailability of funds or delays in receiving funds as a result of economic disruptions; our expectation that we will incur losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability; our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected by increases in costs of and delays in conducting human clinical trials and the performance of our contractors and suppliers, reduction in our productivity or the productivity of our contractors and suppliers, supply chain constraints, and labor shortages; whether Cosette Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Cosette ), which acquired our product Vyleesi (the trade name for bremelanotide for treatment of hyperactive sexual desire disorder in premenopausal women) in December 2023, will have sufficient sales to generate significant milestone payments under our purchase agreement with Cosette; the results of clinical trials with our late-stage products, including co-administration of bremelanotide with tirzepatide, a GLP-1 agonist for treatment of obesity, which entered Phase 2 in the second quarter of calendar year 2024; a co-formulation of bremelanotide with a phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitor (PDE5i) for treatment of erectile dysfunction in patients that do not respond to PDE5i monotherapy, scheduled to start a pharmacokinetic study in the first quarter of calendar year 2025; PL9643, an ophthalmic peptide solution for dry eye disease DED ), which completed a first Phase 3 clinical trial with top line results announced from the Phase 3 clinical trial in the first quarter of calendar year 2024; PL8177, an oral peptide formulation for treatment of ulcerative colitis, which entered Phase 2 clinical trials in the third quarter of calendar year 2022; and a proof-of-concept melanocortin agonist clinical trial for diabetic nephropathy, which entered a Phase 2 clinical in the fourth quarter of calendar year 2022; estimates of our expenses, future revenue and capital requirements; our ability to achieve profitability; our ability to advance product candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials; the initiation, timing, progress and results of future preclinical studies and clinical trials, and our research and development programs; the timing or likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals; our expectations regarding the clinical efficacy and utility of our melanocortin agonist product candidates for treatment of inflammatory and autoimmune related diseases and disorders, including ocular indications; our ability to compete with other products and technologies treating the same or similar indications as our product candidates; the ability of our third-party collaborators to timely carry out their duties under their agreements with us; our ability to recognize the potential value of our licensing arrangements with third parties; the potential to achieve revenues from the sale of our product candidates; our ability to obtain adequate reimbursement from private insurers and other healthcare payers; our ability to maintain product liability insurance at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts, if at all; 3 the performance and retention of our management team, senior staff professionals, other employees, and third-party contractors and consultants; the scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our product candidates and technology in the United States and throughout the world; our compliance with federal and state laws and regulations; the timing and costs associated with obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates; the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; the impact of any geopolitical instability, economic uncertainty, financial markets volatility, or capital markets disruption resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas military conflicts, and any resulting effects on our revenue, financial condition, or results of operations; the impact of legislative or regulatory healthcare reforms in the United States; our ability to adapt to changes in global economic conditions as well as competing products and technologies; and our ability to remain listed on the NYSE American stock exchange. Such forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from historical results or from any results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Our future operating results are subject to risks and uncertainties and are dependent upon many factors, including, without limitation, the risks identified under the caption Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report, and any of those made in our other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Except as required by law, we do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to publicly update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 4 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements. PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets - operating leases Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Short-term operating lease liabilities Short-term finance lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Stockholders deficiency: Preferred stock of 0.01 par value authorized shares: shares issued and outstanding designated as follows: Series A Convertible: authorized shares as of September 30, 2024: issued and outstanding shares as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 Common stock of par value authorized shares: issued and outstanding shares as of September 30, 2024 and shares as of June 30, 2024 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders deficiency Total liabilities and stockholders deficiency The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 REVENUES Product revenue, net OPERATING EXPENSES Research and development Selling, general and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME Investment income Foreign currency transaction (loss) gain Interest expense Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Total other (expense) income, net NET LOSS Basic and diluted net loss per common share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted net loss per common share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficiency (unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Stockholders' (Deficiency) Equity Contigently Series A Convertible Additional Redeemable Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Warrants Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total Balance June 30, 2024 Stock-based compensation - Withholding taxes related to restricted stock units - Shares released from abeyance - Net loss - - Balance September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Stockholders' (Deficiency) Equity Contigently Series A Convertible Additional Redeemable Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Warrants Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total Balance June 30, 2023 Stock-based compensation - Withholding taxes related to restricted stock units - Sale of common stock, net of costs - Net loss - - Balance September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 7 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Decrease in right-of-use asset Unrealized foreign currency transaction loss (gain) Stock-based compensation Change in fair value of liability classified warrants Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Inventories Accounts payable Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Net cash used in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Maturity of marketable securities Net cash provided by investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Payment of withholding taxes related to restricted stock units Proceeds from the sale of common stock and warrants, net Payment of finance lease obligations Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 8 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and a net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024, of . The Company anticipates incurring significant expenses in the future as a result of spending on its development programs and will require substantial additional financing or revenues to continue to fund its planned activities. To achieve sustained profitability, if ever, the Company, alone or with others, must successfully develop and commercialize its technologies and proposed products, conduct successful preclinical studies and clinical trials, obtain required regulatory approvals, and successfully manufacture and market such technologies and proposed products. The time required to reach sustained profitability is highly uncertain, and the Company may never be able to achieve profitability on a sustained basis, if at all. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s cash and cash equivalents were and current liabilities were . Management intends to utilize existing capital resources for general corporate purposes and working capital, including clinical development of the Company s MC1r and MC4r programs, and development of other portfolio products. The Company follows the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , which requires management to assess the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. While the Company has raised funding in the past, the ability to raise funding in future periods is not considered probable, as defined under the accounting standards. As such, under the requirements of ASC 205-40, management may not consider the potential for future funding in their assessment of the Company s ability to meet its obligations for the next year. 9 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements on sales of Vyleesi by Cosette and its licensees. Concentrations Concentrations in the Company s assets and operations subject it to certain related risks. Financial instruments that subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of cash, cash equivalents, and accounts receivable. The Company s cash and cash equivalents are primarily invested in one investment account sponsored by a large financial institution. million , adjusted contingently redeemable warrants for , decreased additional paid-in capital for and increased accumulated deficit for . The Company also recorded a gain of 682,400 as a result in the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company has assessed the impact of improperly classifying the warrants within equity rather than as a warranty liability that is adjusted through charges or credits to the income statement to reflect changes in the fair value of the warrants, and determined the impact is not material, quantitatively or qualitatively, to any prior period impacted. Accordingly, the Company will adjust prior periods as those financial statements are presented for comparative purposes in future filings. 10 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and in a money market account at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 11 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Product sales allowances and accruals Net sales Revenue Recognition For licenses of intellectual property, the Company assesses at contract inception whether the intellectual property is distinct from other performance obligations identified in the arrangement. If the licensing of intellectual property is determined to be distinct, revenue is recognized for nonrefundable, upfront license fees when the license is transferred to the customer and the customer can use and benefit from the license. If the licensing of intellectual property is determined not to be distinct, then the license is bundled with other promises in the arrangement into one performance obligation. The Company needs to determine if the bundled performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time. If the Company concludes that the nonrefundable, upfront license fees will be recognized over time, the Company will need to assess the appropriate method of measuring proportional performance. Regulatory milestone payments are excluded from the transaction price due to the inability to estimate the probability of reversal. Revenue relating to achievement of these milestones is recognized in the period in which the milestone is achieved. Sales-based royalty and milestone payments resulting from customer contracts solely or predominately for the license of intellectual property will only be recognized upon occurrence of the underlying sale or achievement of the sales milestone in the future and such sales-based royalties and milestone payments will be recognized in the same period earned. The Company recognizes revenue for reimbursements of research and development costs under collaboration agreements as the services are performed. The Company records these reimbursements as revenue and not as a reduction of research and development expenses as the Company is the principal in the research and development activities based upon its control of such activities, which is considered part of its ordinary activities. 12 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and , respectively. Included in the weighted average common shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss per common share are vested restricted stock units that had not been issued as of September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, due to a provision in the restricted stock unit agreements to delay delivery. 13 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , consisting of an upfront purchase price of , payable upon the settlement of certain purchase commitments, which was received November 1, 2024, and sales-based milestone payments of up to . As of September 30, 2024, none of the sales-based milestones have been achieved. The closing of the transaction took place simultaneously with the signing of the Purchase Agreement. The Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants, as well as standard mutual indemnities covering losses arising from any material breach of the Purchase Agreement or inaccuracy of representations and warranties. The parties have also entered into a transition service agreement pursuant to which the Company provided certain transition services to Cosette through May 31, 2024, and the Company was reimbursed for the costs of the transition services. The Company is also eligible to receive regulatory approval milestones associated with previous licensing of Vyleesi to Kwangdong for the Republic of Korea Korea (see Note 8). in October 2017, which consisted of an upfront payment of less that was withheld in accordance with tax withholding requirements in China and recorded as an expense during the year ended June 30, 2018. In July 2024, Fosun, Cosette and Palatin entered into a termination agreement, effective as of May 20, 2024, terminating the Fosun License Agreement and ancillary agreements. in December 2017, consisting of an upfront payment of , less , which was withheld in accordance with tax withholding requirements in Korea and recorded as an expense during the year ended June 30, 2018. The Company has assigned the Kwangdong License Agreement to Cosette, provided that the Company retains the right to receive a milestone payment based on the first commercial sale in Korea. 14 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Insurance premiums Other June 30, 2024: Cash equivalents - Money market funds Other research related expenses Professional Services Personnel costs Selling expenses Other 15 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements As of September 30, 2024, the Company has and accrued within other current and long-term liabilities, respectively, in the consolidated balance sheet related to estimated losses for firm commitment contractual obligations under these agreements. As of June 30, 2024, and was accrued within other current and long-term liabilities, respectively. Losses on these firm commitment contractual obligations are recognized based upon the terms of the respective agreement and similar factors considered for the write-down of inventory, including expected sales requirements as determined by internal sales forecasts. The commitment contractual obligation amounts above are denominated in Swiss Francs and Euros and have been translated using period end exchange rates. The Company may experience a negative impact on future earnings and equity solely as a result of future foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Contingencies - The Company accounts for litigation losses in accordance with ASC 450-20, Loss Contingencies . In addition, the Company is subject to other contingencies, such as product liability, arising in the ordinary course of business. Loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses when management is able to reasonably estimate the loss. Any outcome upon settlement that deviates from the Company s best estimate may result in additional expense or in a reduction in expense in a future accounting period. The Company records legal expenses associated with such contingencies as incurred. The Company is involved, from time to time, in various claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business. The Company is not currently a party to any such claims or proceedings that, if decided adversely to it, would either individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, or results of operations. shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were outstanding. Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible at any time, at the option of the holder, into the number of shares of common stock equal to divided by the Series A Conversion Price. As of September 30, 2024, the Series A Conversion Price was , and each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into approximately shares of common stock. The Series A Conversion Price is subject to adjustment, under certain circumstances, upon the sale or issuance of common stock for consideration per share less than either (i) the Series A Conversion Price in effect on the date of such sale or issuance, or (ii) the market price of the common stock as of the date of such sale or issuance. The Series A Conversion Price is also subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of a merger, reorganization, consolidation, reclassification, stock dividend or stock split which will result in an increase or decrease in the number of shares of common stock outstanding. Shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock have a preference in liquidation, including certain merger transactions, of per share, or in the aggregate as of September 30, 2024. Additionally, the Company may not pay a dividend or make any distribution to holders of any class of stock unless the Company first pays a special dividend or distribution of per share to holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Financing Transactions On January 29, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the January 2024 Purchase Agreement to sell in a registered direct offering (the January 2024 RD Offering ), . The January 2024 Private Warrants are exercisable on the six-month anniversary of the issuance date for a period of four years from the issuance date, at an exercise price equal to per January 2024 Private Warrant Share. The January 2024 Private Warrants are exercisable for cash, or, solely during any period when a registration statement for the issuance or resale of the January 2024 Private Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the January 2024 Private Warrants to or by the holder of such January 2024 Private Warrants is not in effect, on a cashless basis. 16 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements shares of the Company s common stock (the January 2024 Placement Agent Warrant Shares as part of the compensation payable to the placement agent. The January 2024 Placement Agent Warrants have substantially the same terms as the January 2024 Private Warrants, except that the January 2024 Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price of per share. On March 14, 2024, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the January 2024 Private Warrants and the January 2024 Placement Agent Warrants, which registration statement was declared effective on March 28, 2024 and a prospectus was filed on the same date. The gross proceeds from the January 2024 Offering totaled , with net proceeds from the January 2024 Offering, after deducting the placement agent fees and offering expenses, amounting to . The Company intends to use the net proceeds received from the January 2024 Offering for general working capital purposes. On October 20, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the October 2023 Purchase Agreement with a certain institutional investor, to sell in a registered direct offering (the October 2023 RD Offering ), an aggregate of (i . The October 2023 Private Warrants are exercisable on the six-month anniversary of issuance for a period of five and one-half years from the issuance date, at an exercise price equal to per October 2023 Private Warrant Share. The October 2023 Private Warrants will be exercisable for cash, or, solely during any period when a registration statement for the issuance or resale of the October 2023 Private Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the October 2023 Private Warrants to or by the holder of such October 2023 Private Warrants is not in effect, on a cashless basis. The October 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants had an exercise price of per October 2023 Pre-Funded Warrant Share, were exercisable upon issuance, and during the three months ended December 31, 2023, the institutional investor exercised the outstanding October 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The net proceeds from the October 2023 Offering, after deducting the placement agent fees and offering expenses, were . The placement agent warrants were issued to non-employees in exchange for services related to the offering are accounting for in accordance ASC 718 which requires the fair value of the warrants to be recognized as an offering expense. The placement agent warrants contain certain contingent cash settlement features that are not probable of occurring and not within the control of Company, therefore the placement agent warrants are classified out of permanent equity. On January 24, 2024, the Company and warrant holders amended the terms of warrants related to the October 2023 financings. As a result, all liability classified warrants were reclassified to additional paid-in capital. On April 12, 2023, the Company entered into a new equity distribution agreement (the 2023 Equity Distribution Agreement with Canaccord Genuity LLC Canaccord ), pursuant to which the Company may, from time to time, sell shares of the Company s common stock at market prices by methods deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. . 17 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Fees - - Expenses - - Net proceeds No proceeds were raised under the 2023 Equity Distribution Agreement during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Stock Warrants - On June 20, 2024, the Company entered into a letter agreement (the Inducement Letter with a holder (the Exercising Holder of outstanding common stock purchase warrants that the Company issued on November 2, 2022, and October 24, 2023 (the Existing Warrants ). Pursuant to the Inducement Letter, the Exercising Holder agreed to exercise, for cash, Existing Warrants to purchase, in the aggregate, shares of common stock in exchange for the Company s agreement to per share for the 3,233,277 Existing Warrants being exercised pursuant to the Inducement Letter and (ii) issue to the Exercising Holder an aggregate of warrants to purchase shares of common stock, comprised of Series A common stock purchase warrants to purchase 2,727,273 shares of common stock (the June 2024 Series A Warrants and Series B common stock purchase warrants to purchase 2,122,642 (of which 1,624,201 shares of common stock are subject to stockholder approval) shares of common stock (the June 2024 Series B Warrants and together with the June 2024 Series A Warrants, the June 2024 Inducement Warrants ). The Company received aggregate gross proceeds of from the exercise of the Existing Warrants by the Exercising Holder (the Warrant Inducement . As part of the agreement, shares of common stock were held in abeyance on behalf of the Exercising Holder. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, at the request of the Exercising Holder, 1,443,277 shares were released from abeyance. The incremental value of the Warrant Inducement was recorded as an offering expense against the proceeds received in additional paid-in capital. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding warrants for shares of common stock as follows: October 2022 Placement Agent Warrants October 2023 Private Warrants October 2023 Placement Agent Warrants January 2024 Private Warrants January 2024 Placement Agent Warrants June 2024 Series A Warrants June 2024 Series B Warrants 1,624,201 shares expire on the five year anniversary following stockholder approval of the warrant issuance Stock Options For the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation related to stock options of and . 18 Table of Contents PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Granted - Forfeited - Exercised - Expired Outstanding - September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 Expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Stock options granted to the Company s executive officers and employees generally vest over a 48-month period, while stock options granted to its non-employee directors vest over a 12-month period. Included in the outstanding options in the table above are and unvested performance-based stock options granted to executive officers and other employees, respectively, which were granted in June 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023. Grants in June 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024 were , , and , respectively. The performance-based stock options vest on annual performance criteria through the fiscal years ending June 30, 2028 relating to advancement of MC1r programs, including initiation of clinical trials and licensing of Vyleesi in additional countries or regions. Restricted Stock Units For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock-based compensation related to restricted stock units of and , respectively. A summary of restricted stock unit activity is as follows: Granted - Forfeited - Vested Expirations Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Included in outstanding restricted stock units in the table above are vested shares that have not been issued as of September 30, 2024, due to a provision in the restricted stock unit agreements to delay delivery. Time-based restricted stock units granted to the Company s executive officers, employees, and non-employee directors generally vest over 48 months, 48 months, and 12 months, respectively. Included in the outstanding restricted stock units in the table above are and unvested performance-based restricted stock units granted to executive officers and other employees, respectively, which were granted in June 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024. Grants in June 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024 were , , and restricted stock units, respectively. The performance-based restricted stock units vest on annual performance criteria through the fiscal years ending June 30, 2026 relating to advancement of MC1r programs, including initiation of clinical trials, and licensing of Vyleesi in additional countries or regions In connection with the vesting of restricted share units during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company withheld shares, with an aggregate value of 99,482, in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations. 19 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements filed as part of this report and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. You are urged to carefully review our description and examples of forward-looking statements included earlier in this Quarterly Report immediately prior to Part I, under the heading Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risk that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks and other factors that may affect our business and operating results, including those made in this Quarterly Report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, as well as any of those made in our other reports filed with the SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included herein, which speak only as of the date of this document. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to publish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our significant accounting policies, which are described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, have not changed during the three months ended September 30, 2024. We believe that our accounting policies and estimates relating to the carrying value of inventory, revenue recognition, accrued expenses, purchase commitment liabilities, warrants and stock-based compensation are the most critical. Our Business We are a biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class medicines based on molecules that modulate the activity of the melanocortin and natriuretic peptide receptor systems. Our product candidates are targeted, receptor-specific therapeutics for the treatment of diseases with significant unmet medical need and commercial potential. Melanocortin Receptor System. The melanocortin receptor MCr system has effects on food intake, metabolism, sexual function, inflammation, and immune system responses. There are five melanocortin receptors, MC1r through MC5r. Modulation of these receptors, through use of receptor-specific agonists, which activate receptor function, or receptor-specific antagonists, which block receptor function, can have significant pharmacological effects. Our prior commercial product, Vyleesi , was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA in June 2019 and was being marketed in the United States by AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. AMAG for the treatment of hypoactive sexual desire disorder HSDD in premenopausal women pursuant to a license agreement between them for Vyleesi for North America, which was entered into on January 8, 2017 (the AMAG License Agreement ). The AMAG License Agreement was terminated effective July 24, 2020, and we commenced marketing Vyleesi in North America. As disclosed in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, effective December 19, 2023, Cosette acquired all rights to Vyleesi. Our new product development activities focus on obesity, including co-administration of bremelanotide with tirzepatide, a GLP-1 agonist for treatment of obesity, which entered Phase 2 in the second quarter of calendar year 2024, and treatment of erectile dysfunction, including a co-formulation of bremelanotide with a phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitor PDE5i for treatment of erectile dysfunction in patients that do not respond to PDE5i monotherapy, scheduled to start a pharmacokinetic study in the first quarter of calendar year 2025; and secondarily on ocular indications, including PL9643, an ophthalmic peptide solution for dry eye disease DED ), which completed Phase 3 clinical trials and announced top line results from the first Phase 3 clinical trial in the first quarter of calendar year 2024; ulcerative colitis, including PL8177, an oral peptide formulation, which entered Phase 2 ulcerative colitis clinical trials in the third quarter of calendar year 2022; and a proof-of-concept melanocortin agonist clinical trial for diabetic nephropathy, which entered a Phase 2 clinical in the fourth quarter of calendar year 2022. We are actively engaged in discussions with potential partners and licensees that have the financial and operational resources to progress our products for ocular conditions through development, approval and commercialization. 20 Table of Contents Pipeline Overview The following chart illustrates the status of our drug development programs. Our Strategy Key elements of our business strategy include: Maintaining a team to create, develop and commercialize MCr products addressing unmet medical needs; Entering into strategic alliances and partnerships with pharmaceutical companies to facilitate the development, manufacture, marketing, sale, and distribution of product candidates that we are developing; Partially funding our product development programs with the cash flow generated from the sale of Vyleesi to Cosette and existing license agreements, as well as any future research, collaboration, or license agreements; and Completing development and seeking regulatory approval of certain of our other product candidates. Corporate Information We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 21, 1986 and commenced operations in the biopharmaceutical area in 1996. Our corporate offices are located at 4B Cedar Brook Drive, Cedar Brook Corporate Center, Cranbury, New Jersey 08512, and our telephone number is (609) 495-2200. We maintain an Internet site, where among other things, we make available free of charge on and through this website our Forms 3, 4 and 5, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) and Section 16 of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website and the information contained in it or connected to it are not incorporated into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The reference to our website is an inactive textual reference only. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC www.sec.gov ). Results of Operations Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023: Revenues For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized 0 and 2,105,977 in product revenue, net of allowances, respectively. The decrease in net revenue is a result of the sale of Vyleesi s worldwide rights to Cosette. Research and Development Research and development expenses were 5,743,754 and 5,014,630 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was related to the overall increase in spending on our MCr programs. 21 Table of Contents Research and development expenses related to our MCr programs and other preclinical programs were 4,081,037 and 3,459,587 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily related to an increase in spending on our MCr programs. The amounts of project spending above exclude general research and development spending, which was 1,662,717 and 1,672,427 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2024, respectively. The decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in compensation-related expenses. Cumulative spending from inception to September 30, 2024, was approximately 311,900,000 on our Vyleesi program and approximately 239,700,000 on all our other programs (which include PL3994, melanocortin receptor agonists, other discovery programs and terminated programs). Due to various risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, under Risk Factors, including the difficulty in currently estimating the costs and timing of future Phase 1 clinical trials and larger-scale Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials for any product under development, we cannot predict with reasonable certainty when, if ever, a program will advance to the next stage of development or be successfully completed, or when, if ever, related net cash inflows will be generated. Selling, General and Administrative Selling, general and administrative expenses, which consist mainly of compensation and related costs, were 2,020,931 and 3,200,244 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease is a result of the elimination of selling expenses relating to Vyleesi. Other (Expense) Income Total other (expense) income, net was 58,964) and 902,898 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized foreign currency loss of 131,600 and 5,940 of interest expense offset by investment income of 78,576. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized an increase in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 682,400, foreign currency gain of 159,750 and investment income of 71,630 offset by 10,882 of interest expense. Liquidity and Capital Resources Since inception, we have generally incurred net operating losses, primarily related to spending on our research and development programs. We have financed our net operating losses primarily through debt and equity financings and amounts received under collaborative and license agreements. Our product candidates are at various stages of development and will require significant further research, development, and testing and some may never be successfully developed or commercialized. We may experience uncertainties, delays, difficulties, and expenses commonly experienced by early-stage biopharmaceutical companies, which may include unanticipated problems and additional costs relating to: the development and testing of products in animals and humans; product approval or clearance; regulatory compliance; good manufacturing practices GMP compliance; intellectual property rights; product introduction; marketing, sales, and competition; and obtaining sufficient capital. Failure to enter into or successfully perform under collaboration agreements and obtain timely regulatory approval for our product candidates and indications would impact our ability to generate revenues and could make it more difficult to attract investment capital for funding our operations. Any of these possibilities could materially and adversely affect our operations and require us to curtail or cease certain programs. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 7,016,213 compared to 5,906,393 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in cash used in operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily related to an increase in the net loss during the period and working capital changes. 22 Table of Contents During the three months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by investing activities was 2,992,890 related to the maturity of marketable securities. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 126,969, which consisted of 99,482 for payment of withholding taxes related to restricted stock units and 27,487 for payment of finance lease obligations. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 448,894, which consisted of proceeds from the sale of common stock of 531,369, offset by 56,401 for payment of withholding taxes related to restricted stock units and 26,074 for payment of finance lease obligations. We have incurred cumulative negative cash flows from operations since our inception, and have expended substantial funds to advance our planned product development efforts. Continued operations are dependent upon our ability to complete equity or debt financing activities and to enter into additional licensing or collaboration arrangements. As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents were 2,384,214, and our current liabilities were 9,861,717. Our obligations include short-term lease obligations in an aggregate amount of 338,047 in current liabilities as of September 30, 2024, 132,447 in long-term lease liabilities, inventory purchase commitments in an aggregate amount of 2,108,050 which consists of 1,001,350 in current liabilities as of September 30, 2024, and 1,106,700 in other long-term liabilities. There have been no material changes outside the ordinary course of business to our contractual obligations and commitments, as disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. We intend to utilize existing capital resources for general corporate purposes and working capital requirements, including preclinical and clinical development of our MC1r and MC4r programs, and development of other portfolio products. As a result of our sale of worldwide rights to Vyleesi pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we currently do not have a recurring source of revenue. Based on our available cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024, the Company has concluded that substantial doubt exists about our ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date our consolidated financial statements are issued. We are evaluating strategies to obtain additional funding for future operations which include but are not limited to obtaining equity financing, issuing debt, or reducing planned expenses. A failure to raise additional funding or to effectively implement cost reductions could harm our business, results of operations, and future prospects. If we are not able to secure adequate additional funding in future periods, we would be forced to make additional reductions in certain expenditures. This may include liquidating assets and suspending or curtailing planned programs. We may also have to delay, reduce the scope of, suspend, or eliminate one or more research and development programs or its commercialization efforts or pursue a strategic transaction. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or enter into a strategic transaction, then we may be required to cease operations, which could cause our stockholders to lose all or part of their investment. Based on our current operating and development plans, we expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents as of the date of this filing will be sufficient to enable the Company to fund its operations into the first half of the calendar year 2025. We will need additional funding to complete required clinical trials for our product candidates and development programs and, if those clinical trials are successful (which we cannot predict), to complete submission of required regulatory applications to the FDA. However, current economic conditions may negatively impact our operations, including possible effects on our financial condition, ability to access the capital markets on attractive terms or at all, liquidity, operations, suppliers, industry, and workforce. We will continue to evaluate the impact that these events could have on the operations, financial position, and the results of operations and cash flows during fiscal year 2025 and beyond. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Not required to be provided by smaller reporting companies. Item 4. Controls and Procedures . Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the previously-reported material weakness in our controls over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial instruments. As a result, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, Company management believes that the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. We will continue to improve these processes to ensure that the nuances of such significant or non-routine transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the appropriate accounting standards. There were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 23 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. We may be involved, from time to time, in various claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently a party to any claim or legal proceeding. Item 1A. Risk Factors. This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management s assumptions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and they involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties facing our business. Other than set forth below, there have been no material changes to our risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. We are currently not in compliance with the continued listing standards of the NYSE American. Our failure to resume compliance with the continued listing standards or make continued progress toward compliance consistent with a plan of compliance that we submitted to NYSE Regulation may result in the delisting of our common stock. We are currently not in compliance with the continued listing standards of the NYSE American. If we fail to regain compliance with the NYSE American listing standards, our common stock could be de-listed from the NYSE American. Our common stock is listed on the NYSE American, a national securities exchange, under the symbol PTN . As a result, we are subject to NYSE American s listing standards, which generally mandate that we meet certain requirements relating to stockholders equity, market capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements. On October 4, 2024, the Company received a letter from the staff of NYSE American LLC (the NYSE American stating that the Company s stockholders equity as reported in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024 was not in compliance with the NYSE American s continued listing standards under Section 1003(a)(iii) of the NYSE American Company Guide. Section 1003(a)(iii) requires a listed company to have stockholders equity of 6 million or more if the listed company has reported losses from continuing operations and/or net losses in its five most recent fiscal years. On October 10, 2023, the Company received a notice from the staff of NYSE American that the Company was not in compliance with the NYSE American s continued listing standards under Section 1003(a)(i) and (ii) of the NYSE American Company Guide. Section 1003(a)(i) requires a listed company to have stockholders equity 2 million or more if the listed company has reported losses from continuing operations and/or net losses in two of its three most recent fiscal years, and Section 1003(a)(ii) requires a listed company to have stockholders equity of 4 million or more if the listed company has reported losses from continuing operations and/or net losses in three of its four most recent fiscal years. The Company remains subject to the procedures and requirements of Section 1009 of the Company Guide, and previously submitted a plan (the Plan of actions it has taken or will take to regain compliance with the continued listing standards by April 10, 2025. The NYSE American accepted the Plan and granted a Plan period through April 10, 2025 to regain compliance with the continued listing standards, which now includes continued listing standards under Section 1003(a)(iii). The Company will be able to continue its listing during the Plan period and will be subject to periodic reviews including quarterly monitoring for compliance with the Plan until it has regained compliance. If the Company is not in compliance with the continued listing standards by that date or if the Company does not make progress consistent with the Plan during the plan period, the Exchange may commence delisting procedures. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to meet milestones set forth in the Plan between now and April 10, 2025. 24 Table of Contents If we fail to regain compliance with the continued listing requirements of the NYSE American, the NYSE American may take steps to de-list our common stock. If the NYSE American de-lists our securities for trading on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; a determination that our shares of common stock are penny stock which will require brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of common stock; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. Such a de-listing would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair our investors ability to sell or purchase our common stock when investors wish to do so. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Shares of our common stock are considered to be covered securities because they are listed on the NYSE American. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE American, our common stock would not be deemed covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. As disclosed in the table below, 54,691 shares of common stock were withheld during the three months ended September 30, 2024, at the direction of the employees and as permitted under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan in order to pay the minimum amount of tax liability owed by the employees from the vesting of previously issued restricted stock units: Fiscal Month Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Weighted Average Price per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under Announced Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 54,691 1.87 - - August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 - - - September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 - - - - Total 54,691 - - - (1) Consists solely of 54,691 shares that were withheld to satisfy tax withholding amounts due from employees upon the vesting of previously issued restricted stock units. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. 25 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibits filed or furnished with this report: Exhibit Number Description Filed Herewith Form Filing Date SEC File No. 3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Palatin Technologies, Inc. 8-K September 17, 2021 001-15543 3.2 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Palatin Technologies, Inc., as amended. 10-K September 27, 2013 001-15543 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Palatin Technologies, Inc., as amended. 8-K August 31, 2022 001-15543 3.4 Certificate of Decrease of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 10-Q May 16, 2022 001-15543 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Instance Document (the instance document does not appear on the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management s Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certification furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 26 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Palatin Technologies, Inc. (Registrant) /s/ Carl Spana Date: November 14, 2024 Carl Spana, Ph.D. President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Stephen T. Wills Date: November 14, 2024 Stephen T. Wills, CPA, MST Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ptn_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 ptn_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer I, Carl Spana, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Palatin Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Carl Spana Carl Spana, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ptn_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 ptn_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer I, Stephen T. Wills, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Palatin Technologies, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors: (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 14, 2024 /s/ Stephen T. Wills Stephen T. Wills, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ptn_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 ptn_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Carl Spana, President and Chief Executive Officer of Palatin Technologies, Inc., hereby certify, to my knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Palatin Technologies, Inc. (the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Palatin Technologies, Inc. Dated: November 14, 2024 /s/ Carl Spana Carl Spana, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ptn_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 ptn_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Stephen T. Wills, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Palatin Technologies, Inc., hereby certify, to my knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Palatin Technologies, Inc. (the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Palatin Technologies, Inc. Dated: November 14, 2024 /s/ Stephen T. Wills Stephen T. Wills, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ptn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ptn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ptn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ptn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

