<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1070680_0001070680-24-000033.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>34195675</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>132211</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1853825</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>19990837</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3000354</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8496484</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001070680-24-000033.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113140659
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001070680-24-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		101
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CF BANKSHARES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001070680
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				341877137
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25045
		FILM NUMBER:		241453127

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CFBANK
		STREET 2:		4960 EAST DUBLIN GRANVILLE RD, SUITE 400
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43081
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6143347979

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CFBANK
		STREET 2:		4960 EAST DUBLIN GRANVILLE RD, SUITE 400
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43081

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030509

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GRAND CENTRAL FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001070680-24-000033.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 cfbk-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

cfbk-20240930x10q 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM (Mark one) [ ] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended Or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to______________ Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (IRS Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) ______________ N/A ________________________ (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes [X] No [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer [ ] Accelerated Filer [ ] [X] Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No As of November 8, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s (Voting) Common Stock outstanding and shares of the registrant s Non-Voting Common Stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. 

IND EX PART I. Financial Information Page Item 1. Financial Statements 3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 3 Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three a nd nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three a nd nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the t hree and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements unaudited)) 10 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 38 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 50 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 51 PART II. Other Information 52 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 52 Item 1A. Risk Factors 52 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 52 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 52 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 52 Item 5. Other Information 52 Item 6. Exhibits 53 Signatures 54 

Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in thousands except per share data) 

September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions Securities available for sale Equity securities Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans and leases, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively FHLB and FRB stock Premises and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Bank owned life insurance Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Deposits Noninterest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits FHLB advances and other debt Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance Operating lease liabilities Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Subordinated debentures Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities - - Stockholders' equity Common stock, par value; shares authorized: , including shares of non-voting common stock Voting common stock, par value; shares issued: at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 Non-voting common stock, par value; shares issued: at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Series D preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued at September 30, 2024 and shares issued at December 31, 2023 - - Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Treasury stock, at cost; shares of voting common stock at September 30, 2024 and shares of voting common stock at December 31, 2023 Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 3 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Dollars in thousands except per share data) (Unaudited) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest and dividend income Loans and leases, including fees Securities FHLB and FRB stock dividends Federal funds sold and other Interest expense Deposits FHLB advances and other debt Subordinated debentures Net interest income Provision for credit losses Provision for credit losses-loans Provision (reversal) for credit losses-unfunded commitments Net interest income after provision for credit losses Noninterest income Service charges on deposit accounts Net gains on sales of residential mortgage loans Net gains on sales of commercial loans - Swap fee income Earnings on bank owned life insurance Other Noninterest expense Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing Franchise and other taxes Professional fees Director fees Postage, printing and supplies Advertising and marketing Telephone Loan expenses Depreciation FDIC premiums Regulatory assessment Other insurance Other Income before incomes taxes Income tax expense Net income Earnings allocated to participating securities (Series D preferred stock) - - Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 4 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Dollars in thousands except per share data) (Unaudited) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period related to securities available for sale, net of tax of and and and Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 5 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Dollars in thousands except per share data) (Unaudited) 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 Voting Common Stock Non-Voting Common Stock Series D Preferred Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at July 1, 2024 - Net income - - - - - Other comprehensive income - - - - - - Issuance of stock based incentive plan shares, net of forfeitures - - - - - - - - Restricted stock expense, net of forfeitures - - - - - - Acquisition of treasury shares surrendered upon vesting of restricted stock for payment of taxes - - - - - - Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) - - - - - - Cash dividends declared on Series D preferred Stock per share) - - - - - - Balance at September 30, 2024 - 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Voting Common Stock Non-Voting Common Stock Series D Preferred Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at January 1, 2024 - Net income - - - - - - Other comprehensive income - - - - - - Issuance of stock based incentive plan shares, net of forfeitures - - - - - - - - Restricted stock expense, net of forfeitures - - - - - - Acquisition of treasury shares surrendered upon vesting of restricted stock for payment of taxes - - - - - - Purchase of treasury shares - - - - - - Conversion of shares of voting common stock to shares of Series D Preferred Stock - - - - - - Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) - - - - - - Cash dividends declared on Series D preferred Stock per share) - - - - - - Balance at September 30, 2024 - 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 6 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Dollars in thousands except per share data) (Unaudited) 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 Voting Common Stock Non-Voting Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at July 1, 2023 Net income - - - - - Other comprehensive income - - - - - Restricted stock expense, net of forfeitures - - - - - Stock options exercised - - - - - Acquisition of treasury shares surrendered upon vesting of restricted stock for payment of taxes - - - - - Acquisition of treasury shares surrendered upon exercise of stock options for payment of exercise price - - - - - Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) - - - - - Balance at September 30, 2023 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Voting Common Stock Non-Voting Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 Cumulative effect of ASC 326 adoption - - - - - Balance at January 1, 2023 Net income - - - - - Other comprehensive loss - - - - - Issuance of stock based incentive plan shares, net of forfeitures - - - - - Restricted stock expense, net of forfeitures - - - - - Stock options exercised - - - - - Acquisition of treasury shares surrendered upon vesting of restricted stock for payment of taxes - - - - - Acquisition of treasury shares surrendered upon exercise of stock options for payment of exercise price - - - - - Cash dividends declared on common stock per share) - - - - - Balance at September 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 7 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation Accretion, net Deferred income tax expense (benefit) Originations of loans held for sale Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale Net gains on sales of residential mortgage loans Net gains on sales of commercial loans Loss on sale of other assets held for sale - Loss on disposal of premises and equipment - Earnings on bank owned life insurance Stock-based compensation expense Net change in: Accrued interest receivable and other assets Operating lease right-of-use asset Operating lease liability Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Net cash from operating activities Cash flows used by investing activities: Available-for-sale securities: Maturities, prepayments and calls Purchases - Loan and lease originations and payments, net Proceeds from the sale of commercial loans Additions to premises and equipment Purchase of FRB and FHLB stock Purchase of other investments - Other adjustments Proceeds from the sale of other assets held for sale - Net cash used by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in deposits Proceeds from FHLB advances and other debt Repayments on FHLB advances and other debt Net change in advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance Cash dividends paid Proceeds from exercise of stock options - Acquisition of treasury shares surrendered upon vesting of restricted stock for payment of taxes and exercise of stock options for exercise proceeds Purchase of treasury shares - Net cash (used by) from financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents Beginning cash and cash equivalents Ending cash and cash equivalents 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 8 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid Income tax paid Supplemental noncash disclosures: Investment payable on limited partnerships Initial recognition of operating lease asset Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liability 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 9 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

10 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

million is shown in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The maximum exposure to loss related to this investment was million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 11 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

anti-dilutive securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and anti-dilutive securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The factors used in the earnings per share computation follow: Earnings allocated to participating securities - - Net income allocated to common shareholders Weighted average common shares outstanding including unvested share-based payment awards Less: Unvested share-based payment awards-2019 Incentive Plan Average shares Basic earnings per common share Diluted Net income allocated to common shareholders Add: Earnings allocated to participating securities - - - - Net income Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share Add: Dilutive effects of assumed exercises of stock options - - Add: Dilutive effects of assumed preferred stock conversion - - - - Add: Dilutive effects of unvested share-based payment awards-2019 Plan Average shares and dilutive potential common shares Diluted earnings per common share 

12 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

13 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

- Issued by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies: U.S. Treasury - Total 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value December 31, 2023 Corporate debt - Issued by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies: U.S. Treasury - Mortgage-backed securities - residential (1) - - Total - 
 (1) Unrealized loss is less than resulting in rounding to zero. There was impairment recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss for securities available for sale at September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. There were sales of securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

 14 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Due from five to ten years Mortgage-backed securities - residential - - Total 
 Fair value of securities pledged as collateral was as follows: Public deposits Total 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were holdings of securities of any one issuer in an amount greater than of stockholders equity. The following table summarizes securities with unrealized losses at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, aggregated by major security type and length of time in a continuous unrealized loss position. Total impaired - - 
 December 31, 2023 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Description of Securities Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Corporate debt - - Issued by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies: U.S. Treasury - - Mortgage-backed securities - residential (1) - - - Total impaired - 
 (1) Unrealized loss is less than resulting in rounding to zero. At September 30, 2024, of the Company s available for sale securities were reported at less than historical cost. At December 31, 2023, of the Company's available for sale securities were reported at less than historical cost. 
 
 15 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Corporate debt security. The unrealized losses at December 31, 2023 were related to Corporate debt security, Mortgage-backed security and U.S. Treasuries. Because the decline in fair value was attributable to changes in market conditions, and not credit quality, and because the Company did not have the intent to sell these securities and it was likely that it would not be required to sell these securities before their anticipated recovery, the Company did not record an allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Real estate: Single-family residential Multi-family residential Commercial Construction Consumer: Home equity lines of credit Other Subtotal Less: ACL Loans Loans and leases, net 
 (1) Includes and of commercial leases at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans (ACL Loans) The ACL - Loans is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans and leases to present the net amount expected to be collected on loans over the contractual term. Loans and leases are collectively referred to as loans for the purpose of discussing the allowance for credit losses. The ACL - Loans is adjusted by the provision for credit losses, which is reported in earnings, and reduced by charge offs for loans, net of recoveries. Provision for credit losses on loans reflects the totality of actions taken on all loans for a particular period including any necessary increases or decreases in the allowance related to changes in credit loss expectations associated with specific loans or pools of loans. Loans are charged off against the allowance when the uncollectibility of the loan is confirmed. Expected recoveries do not exceed the aggregate of amounts previously charged off and expected to be charged off. The ACL - Loans represents the Company's best estimate of current expected credit losses (CECL) on loans using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, related to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. The CECL calculation is performed and evaluated quarterly and losses are estimated over the expected life of the loan. The level of the ACL - Loans is believed to be adequate to absorb all expected future losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the measurement date. In calculating the ACL - Loans, the loan portfolio was pooled into loan segments with similar risk characteristics. Common characteristics include the type or purpose of the loan, underlying collateral and historical/expected credit loss patterns. In developing the loan segments, the Company analyzed the degree of correlation in how loans within each portfolio respond when subjected to varying economic conditions and scenarios as well as other portfolio stress factors. The expected credit losses are measured over the life of each loan segment utilizing the average charge-off methodology combined with economic forecast models to estimate the current expected credit loss inherent in the loan portfolio. This approach is also leveraged to estimate the expected credit losses associated with non-cancellable unfunded loan commitments incorporating expected utilization rates. The Company sub-segmented certain commercial portfolios by risk level where appropriate. The Company utilized a one-year reasonable and supportable economic forecast period. 

 16 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Provision of credit losses Recoveries on loans - - - - Loans charged off - - - - - Balances, September 30, 2024 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (unaudited) Real Estate Consumer Commercial Single-family Multi-family Commercial Construction Home equity lines of credit Other Total Allowance for credit losses Balances, January 1, 2024 Provision of credit losses Recoveries on loans - - - - Loans charged off - - - - - Balances, September 30, 2024 

17 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Provision of credit losses Recoveries on loans - - - - - Loans charged off - - - - - - Balances, September. 30, 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (unaudited) Real Estate Consumer Commercial Single-family Multi-family Commercial Construction Home equity lines of credit Other Total Allowance for credit losses Balances, December 31, 2022 Impact of adoption of ASC 326 Balances, January 1, 2023 Post-ASC 326 adoption Provision of credit losses Recoveries on loans - - - Loans charged off - - - - - Balances, September 30, 2023 
 Determining fair value for collateral dependent loans requires obtaining a current independent appraisal of the collateral and applying a discount factor, which includes selling costs if applicable, to the value. The fair value of real estate is generally based on appraisals by qualified licensed appraisers. The appraisers typically determine the value of the real estate by utilizing an income or market valuation approach. If an appraisal is not available, the fair value may be determined by using a cash flow analysis. The fair value of other collateral such as business assets is typically ascertained by assessing, either singularly or some combination of, asset appraisals, accounts receivable aging reports, inventory listings and/or customer financial statements. Both appraised values and values based on the borrower s financial information are discounted as considered appropriate based on age and quality of the information and current market conditions. The tables below present the amortized cost basis of collateral dependent loans by loan class and their respective collateral types, which are individually evaluated to determine expected credit losses. Real estate: Single-family residential - - Total 

18 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Real estate: Single-family residential - - Total 
 Real estate: Single-family residential Consumer: Home equity lines of credit: Total nonaccrual loans 
 The following table presents the recorded investment in nonaccrual loans by class of loans at December 31, 2023. Nonaccrual Loans Nonaccrual Loans with no Allowance for Credit Losses Commercial Real estate: Single-family residential Consumer: Home equity lines of credit: Other consumer Total nonaccrual loans 
 Nonaccrual loans include both smaller balance single-family mortgage loans, consumer loans and commercial loans and leases that are collectively evaluated for impairment and individually classified impaired loans. There were loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 19 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Real estate: Single-family residential - Multi-family residential - - - - - Commercial: Non-owner occupied - - - - - Owner occupied - - - - - Land - - - - - Construction - - - - - Consumer: Home equity lines of credit: - - Other - - - - - Total 
 The following table presents the aging of the recorded investment in past due loans and leases by class of loans as of December 31, 2023: 30 - 59 Days Past Due 60 - 89 Days Past Due 90 Days or more Past Due Total Past Due Loans Not Past Due Nonaccrual Loans Not 90 days or more Past Due Commercial - Real estate: Single-family residential Multi-family residential - - - - - Commercial: Non-owner occupied - - - - - Owner occupied - - - - - Land - - - - - Construction - - - - - Consumer: Home equity lines of credit: Originated for portfolio - - Purchased for portfolio - - - - - - Other - - - Total 

20 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

t modify any loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company modified commercial loan, with an amortized cost basis of million at September 30, 2024, where the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty. The amortized cost basis of this loan represented of commercial loans at September 30, 2024. The loan was modified to increase the interest rate by bps, extend the maturity date by months, and allow for an amortization holiday and deferred interest option. The loan was not past due during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company modified commercial loan, totaling million, where the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty. The amortized cost basis of this loan represented of commercial loans at September 30, 2023. The loan was modified to defer principal and interest payments for up to . For any period where the payments are deferred, the note will accrue at a higher rate of interest. This loan was deemed uncollectible during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and was charged-off. Upon the Company s determination that a modified loan (or portion of a loan) has subsequently been deemed uncollectible, the loan (or portion of the loan), is charged-off. Therefore, the amortized cost basis of the loan is reduced by the uncollectible amount and the allowance for credit losses is adjusted by the same amount. Credit Quality Indicators: The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt, such as current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information and current economic trends, among other factors. Management analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis includes commercial, commercial real estate and multi-family residential real estate loans. Internal loan reviews for these loan types are performed at least annually, and more often for loans with higher credit risk. Adjustments to loan risk ratings are made based on the reviews and at any time information is received that may affect risk ratings. The following definitions are used for risk ratings: Special Mention . Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of CFBank s credit position at some future date. Substandard . Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that there will be some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Doubtful . Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. Loans not meeting the criteria to be classified into one of the above categories are considered to be not rated or pass-rated loans. Loans listed as not rated are primarily groups of homogeneous loans. Past due information is the primary credit indicator for groups of homogenous loans. Loans listed as pass-rated loans are loans that are subject to internal loan reviews and are determined not to meet the criteria required to be classified as special mention, substandard or doubtful. 
 
 21 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Special Mention - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total Commercial Gross charge-offs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 - - - - - - Real estate loans: Single-family residential Payment performance Performing - - Nonperforming - - - - - Total Single-family residential loans - - Multi-family residential Pass - - Total Multi-family residential loans - - Commercial: Non-owner occupied Pass - - Substandard - - - - - - - Total Non-owner occupied loans - - Owner occupied Pass - - Special Mention - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total Owner occupied loans - - Land Pass - - - - Total Land loans - - - - Construction Not Rated - - Pass - - - Total Construction loans - - - Total Real Estate loans - - Consumer: Home equity lines of credit: Payment performance Performing - - - - - - Nonperforming - - - - - - - Total Home equity lines of credit - - - - - - Other Payment performance - Performing - - - - - Total Other consumer loans - - - - - Gross charge-offs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 - - - - - - - Total loans Total gross charge-offs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 - - - - - 

22 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Special Mention - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Doubtful - - - - - - - Total Commercial Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 - - - - - - Real estate loans: Single-family residential Payment performance Performing - - Nonperforming - - - - - - - Total Single-family residential loans - - Multi-family residential Pass - - Total Multi-family residential loans - - Commercial: Non-owner occupied Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - Total Non-owner occupied loans - Owner occupied Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - Total Owner occupied loans - Land Pass - - - Total Land loans - - - Construction Pass - - - Total Construction loans - - - Total Real Estate loans - Consumer: Home equity lines of credit: Payment performance Performing - - - - - - Nonperforming - - - - - - - Total Home equity lines of credit - - - - - - Other Payment performance Performing - - - - - Nonperforming - - - - - - - Total Other consumer loans - - - - Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 - - - - - - - Total loans Total gross charge-offs during the year ended December 31, 2023 - - - - - 

23 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Direct Financing Leases: The following lists the components of the net investment in direct financing leases: Less: Unearned income Plus: Indirect initial costs Net investment in direct financing leases 
 The following summarizes the future minimum lease payments receivable in fiscal year 2024 and in subsequent fiscal years: 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter - Total future minimum payments 
 . All of our leases are classified as operating leases. Operating lease agreements are required to be recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a right-of-use ROU asset and a corresponding operating lease liability. The Company does not have any leases classified as finance leases. The calculated amount of the ROU assets and lease liabilities are impacted by the length of the lease term and the discount rate used to present value the minimum lease payments. The Company s lease agreements often include one or more options to renew at the Company s discretion which were considered, as applicable, in the calculation of the ROU assets and lease liabilities. If, at lease inception, the Company considers the exercising of a renewal option to be reasonably certain, the Company will include the extended term in the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability. The Company uses the discount rate implicit in the lease whenever this rate is readily determinable. As this rate is not readily determinable in our operating leases, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate at lease inception, on a collateralized basis, over a similar term. At September 30, 2024, the weighted-average remaining lease term for the Company s operating leases was years and the weighted-average discount rate was . At December 31, 2023, the weighted-average remaining lease term for the Company s operating leases was years and the weighted-average discount rate was . The Company s operating lease costs were and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The variable lease costs totaled and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As the Company elected not to separate lease and non-lease components for all classes of underlying assets and instead to account for them as a single lease component, the variable lease cost primarily represents variable payments such as common area maintenance and utilities. 

 24 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future minimum rental commitments Less - amounts representing interest Total operating lease liabilities 

25 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Issued by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies: U.S. Treasury Total securities available for sale Loans held for sale Derivative assets Financial Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2023 using Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Financial Assets: Securities available for sale: Corporate debt Issued by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies: U.S. Treasury Mortgage-backed securities - residential Total securities available for sale Loans held for sale Derivative assets Financial Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 

26 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis that were measured using Level 1 or Level 3 inputs at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. There were transfers of assets or liabilities measured at fair value between levels during the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Total collateral dependent impaired loans 
 There were write-downs of impaired collateral dependent loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. Comparable sales approach Adjustment for differences between the stated value and net realizable value 
 Financial Instruments Recorded Using Fair Value Option The Company has elected the fair value option for loans held for sale. These loans are intended for sale and the Company believes that the fair value is the best indicator of the resolution of these loans. Interest income is recorded based on the contractual terms of the loan and in accordance with the Company s policy on loans held for investment. ne of these loans were 90 days or more past due or on nonaccrual as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the aggregate fair value, contractual balance and gain or loss on loans held for sale were as follows: Contractual balance Gain (loss) - - 
 The total amount of gains and losses from changes in fair value included in earnings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for loans held for sale were: Interest expense - - - - Change in fair value - - - - Total change in fair value 

27 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

- - Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions - - Securities available for sale - - Equity securities - - Loans held for sale - - Loans and leases, net - - FHLB and FRB stock n/a n/a n/a n/a Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets - - Financial Liabilities Deposits - FHLB advances and other borrowings - - Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance - - Subordinated debentures - - Accrued interest payable - - Derivative liabilities - - 
 The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments at December 31, 2023 were as follows: Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2023 Using: Carrying Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial Assets Cash and cash equivalents - - Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions - - Securities available for sale - - Equity securities - - Loans held for sale - - Loans and leases, net - - FHLB and FRB stock n/a n/a n/a n/a Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets - - Financial Liabilities Deposits - FHLB advances and other borrowings - - Advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance - - Subordinated debentures - - Accrued interest payable - - Derivative liabilities - - 

28 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

trust preferred securities with a liquidation amount of per security. The Holding Company issued of subordinated debentures to the trust in exchange for ownership of all of the common stock of the trust and the proceeds of the preferred securities sold by the trust . The Holding Company is not considered the primary beneficiary of this trust (which is classified as a variable interest entity); therefore, the trust is not consolidated in the Company s financial statements, but rather the subordinated debentures are shown as a liability. The Holding Company s investment in the common stock of the trust was and is included in other assets. The Holding Company may redeem the subordinated debentures, in whole or in part, in a principal amount with integral multiples of , at of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The subordinated debentures mature on . The subordinated debentures are also redeemable in whole or in part from time to time, upon the occurrence of specific events defined within the trust indenture. There are required principal payments on the subordinated debentures over the next . The Holding Company has the option to defer interest payments on the subordinated debentures for a period not to exceed five consecutive years. Prior to July 1, 2023, the subordinated debentures had a variable rate of interest, which reset quarterly, equal to the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus . Effective July 1, 2023, the rate of interest on the subordinated debentures resets quarterly to the three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus , which was at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. There were unamortized debt issuance costs at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the balance of the subordinated notes was . 2018 Fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes: In December 2018, the Holding Company entered into subordinated note purchase agreements with certain qualified institutional buyers and completed a private placement of million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes with a maturity date of . After payment of approximately of debt issuance costs, the Holding Company s net proceeds were approximately . The subordinated notes initially bore interest at , from and including December 20, 2018, to but excluding December 30, 2023, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 30 and December 30 of each year. From and including December 30, 2023, to but excluding December 30, 2028 or the earlier redemption of the notes, the interest rate resets quarterly to an interest rate equal to the then current three-month SOFR (but not less than zero) plus , which was at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30, and December 30 of each year. The Holding Company may, at its option, redeem the notes beginning on December 30, 2023 and on any scheduled interest payment date thereafter. At September 30, 2024, the balance of the subordinated notes, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, was . 2026 2027 2028 2029 Total FHLB fixed rate advances Variable rate other debt: Holding Company credit facility Total 

29 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

credit facility with a third-party bank. The credit facility was revolving until , at which time the outstanding balance was converted to a -year term note on a graduated -year amortization. Borrowings on the credit facility bear interest at a fixed rate of until May 21, 2026, and the interest rate then converts to a floating rate equal to PRIME with a floor of . At September 30, 2024, the Company had an outstanding balance, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, of on the facility. Contractual maturities of the Holding Company credit facility as of September 30, 2024 are as follows: 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Less - unamortized debt issuance costs 
 At September 30, 2024, CFBank had availability in unused lines of credit at two commercial banks in amounts of and . There were outstanding borrowings on either line at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Interest on any principal amounts outstanding from time to time under these lines accrues daily at a variable rate based on the commercial bank s cost of funds and current market returns. outstanding borrowings with the Federal Reserve Bank FRB at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. and , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and and , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The total income tax effect was and , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and and , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan was approved by stockholders on May 29, 2019 and replaced the Company s 2009 Equity Compensation Plan (the 2009 Plan ). The 2019 Plan authorized up to shares (plus any shares that are subject to grants under the 2009 Plan and that are later forfeited or expire) to be awarded pursuant to stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or restricted stock units. An amendment to the Company s 2019 Plan was approved by stockholders on May 29, 2024 to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for awards thereunder from to . The Company is in the process of preparing a Form S-8 to register the additional eligible shares. Upon filing the Form S-8 with the SEC, shares will be available for awards . Stock Options: The 2019 Plan permits the grant of stock options to directors, officers and employees of the Holding Company and CFBank. Option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, generally have vesting periods ranging from to , and are exercisable for from the date of grant. Unvested stock options immediately vest upon a change of control. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a closed form option valuation (Black-Scholes) model that uses the assumptions noted in the table below. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatilities of the Company s common stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and post-vesting termination behavior. Employee and management options are tracked separately. The expected term of options granted is based on historical data and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding, which takes into account that the options are not transferable. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. 

 30 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

options outstanding at September 30, 2024. There were options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. There were options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Restricted Stock Awards: The 2019 Plan also permits the grant of restricted stock awards to directors, officers and employees. Compensation is recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of the stock at grant date. The fair value of the stock is determined using the closing share price on the date of grant and shares generally have vesting periods of to . There were shares of restricted stock granted under the 2019 Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were shares of restricted stock granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. A summary of changes in the Company s nonvested restricted stock awards as of September 30, 2024 follows (unaudited): Granted Vested Forfeited Nonvested at September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock awards granted under the 2019 Plan was and , respectively. shares of restricted stock forfeited during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, and shares of restricted stock forfeited during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. There were shares of restricted stock that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and shares of restricted stock that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

 31 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

, plus a capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of ); 2) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of ); 3) a minimum ratio of Total capital to risk-weighted assets of , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Total capital ratio of ); and 4) a minimum Leverage Ratio of . The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Failure to maintain the minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio plus the capital conservation buffer will result in potential restrictions on a banking institution s ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock and/or pay discretionary compensation to its employees. The following tables present actual and required capital ratios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 for CFBank under the Basel III Capital Rules. Capital levels required to be considered well capitalized are based upon prompt corrective action regulations, as amended to reflect the changes under the Basel III Capital Rules. Tier 1 (Core) Capital to risk weighted assets Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Tier 1 (Core) Capital to adjusted total assets (Leverage Ratio) 
 Actual Minimum Capital Required-Basel III To Be Well Capitalized Under Applicable Regulatory Capital Standards Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio December 31, 2023 Total Capital to risk weighted assets Tier 1 (Core) Capital to risk weighted assets Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Tier 1 (Core) Capital to adjusted total assets (Leverage Ratio) 
 CFBank converted from a mutual to a stock institution in 1998, and a liquidation account was established in the amount of , which was the net worth reported in the conversion prospectus. The liquidation account represents a calculated amount for the purposes described below, and it does not represent actual funds included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company. Eligible depositors who have maintained their accounts, less annual reductions to the extent they have reduced their deposits, would be entitled to a priority distribution from this account if CFBank liquidated and its assets exceeded its liabilities. Dividends may not reduce CFBank s stockholder s equity below the required liquidation account balance. 
 
 32 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. The counterparty to CFBank s interest-rate swaps is exposed to credit risk whenever the interest-rate swaps are in a liability position. At September 30, 2024, CFBank had in cash pledged as collateral for these derivatives. Should the liability increase beyond the collateral value, CFBank will be required to pledge additional collateral. Additionally, CFBank s interest-rate swap instruments contain provisions that require CFBank to remain well capitalized under regulatory capital standards and to comply with certain other regulatory requirements. The interest-rate swaps may be called by the counterparty if CFBank fails to maintain well-capitalized status under regulatory capital standards or becomes subject to certain adverse regulatory events such as a regulatory cease and desist order. As of September 30, 2024, CFBank was well-capitalized under regulatory capital standards and was not subject to any adverse regulatory events specified in CFBank s interest-rate swap instruments. Summary information about the derivative instruments is as follows: Weighted average pay rate on interest-rate swaps Weighted average receive rate on interest-rate swaps Weighted average maturity (years) Fair value of derivative asset Fair value of derivative liability 

33 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

to days and are at market rates. In order to mitigate the effect of the interest rate risk inherent in providing rate lock commitments, we economically hedge our commitments by entering into a forward loan sales contract under best efforts. Commitments to fund certain mortgage loans (interest rate locks) to be sold into the secondary market are considered derivatives. These mortgage banking derivatives are not designated in hedge relationships. The Company had of interest lock commitments related to residential mortgage loans at September 30, 2024 and of interest rate lock commitments related to residential mortgage loans at December 31, 2023. The fair value of these interest lock commitments was immaterial at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The following table reflects the amount and market value of mortgage banking derivatives included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the period end (in thousands): - - 
 The following table represents the notional amount of loans sold during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited): 
 The following table represents the gain (loss) recognized on mortgage activities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited): Gain (loss) from change in fair value of loans held-for-sale - - - - 
 and , respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits recorded. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax and is no longer subject to federal examination for years prior to 2020. Our deferred tax assets are composed of U.S. net operating losses NOLs ), and other temporary book to tax differences. When determining the amount of deferred tax assets that are more-likely-than-not to be realized, and therefore recorded as a benefit, the Company conducts a regular assessment of all available information. This information includes, but is not limited to, taxable income in prior periods, projected future income and projected future reversals of deferred tax items. Based on these criteria, the Company determined as of September 30, 2024 that valuation allowance was required against the net deferred tax asset. 

 34 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

in common stock, which improved the capital levels of CFBank and provided working capital for the Holding Company. The result of the change in stock ownership associated with the stock offering, however, was that the Company incurred an ownership change within the guidelines of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. At September 30, 2024, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of , which expire at various dates from 2024 to 2032 . As a result of the ownership change, the Company's ability to utilize carryforwards that arose before the 2012 stock offering closed is limited to per year. Due to this limitation, management determined it is more likely than not that of net operating loss carryforwards will expire unutilized. As required by ASC 740, the Company reduced the carrying value of deferred tax assets, and the corresponding valuation allowance, by the tax effect of this lost realizability. Federal income tax laws provided additional deductions, totaling , for thrift bad debt reserves established before 1988. ASC 740 does not require a deferred tax liability to be recorded on this amount, which otherwise would have totaled at September 30, 2024. However, if CFBank were wholly or partially liquidated or otherwise ceases to be a bank, or if tax laws were to change, this amount would have to be recaptured and a tax liability recorded. Additionally, any distributions in excess of CFBank s current or accumulated earnings and profits would reduce amounts allocated to its bad debt reserve and create a tax liability for CFBank. The Company records income tax expense based on the federal statutory rate adjusted for the effect of low income housing credits, tax exempt interest, bank owned life insurance, dividends on equity securities and other miscellaneous items. The effective tax rate was approximately and , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and and , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, which management believes were reasonable estimates for the effective tax rates for such periods. The following table summarizes the major components creating differences between income taxes at the federal statutory tax rate and the effective tax rate recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Increase (decrease) resulting from: Restricted stock Tax exempt interest Tax exempt earnings on bank owned life insurance Dividends on equity securities Low income housing tax credits Other, net Effective tax rate 

35 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Other comprehensive gain (loss) before reclassifications (2) Net current-period other comprehensive gain (loss) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, end of period 
 (1) All amounts are net of tax. Amounts in parentheses indicate a reduction of other comprehensive income. (2) There were am ounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. shares of its newly-designated series of non-voting convertible perpetual preferred stock, series D, par value per share (the Series D Preferred Stock to an existing stockholder of the Company in exchange for shares of (Voting) Common Stock. On May 29, 2024, the Company issued shares of Series D Preferred Stock to an existing stockholder of the Company in exchange for shares of (Voting) Common Stock. shares of the Company s Non-Voting Common Stock if and when the Company s shareholders approve an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Non-Voting Common Stock to permit the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock into shares of Non-Voting Common Stock (which shareholder approval and amendment the Company may, but is not obligated, to seek); (ii) unless previously converted into shares of Non-Voting Common Stock, into shares of (Voting) Common Stock at the request of the holder, provided that upon such conversion the holder, together with all affiliates of the holder, will not own or control in aggregate more than of the outstanding (Voting) Common Stock (or of any class of voting securities issued by the Company); or (iii) unless previously converted into shares of Non-Voting Common Stock, into shares of (Voting) Common Stock upon transfer of such shares of Series D Preferred Stock to a non-affiliate of the holder in specified permitted transactions. The holders of Series D Preferred Stock are not entitled to any liquidation preferences. The holders of Series D Preferred Stock participate with common shareholders pro rata in dividends on an as-converted basis. . As a result, impairment expense of was recorded during September 2022 to adjust the building and land value to the offered price, less costs to sell and the associated assets were transferred to other assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The sale of the building was completed in May 2023. 

 36 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Historic Tax Credit (HTC) Total 
 The following table summarizes the amortization expense and tax credits recognized for the Company s tax credit investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively: Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Amortization expense 2024 2023 2024 2023 LIHTC Total Tax credits recognized: LIHTC Total 
 per share on its common stock and a corresponding cash dividend of per share on its Series D Preferred Stock. The dividend was paid on October 19, 2024 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on October 11, 2024. 

 37 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

FO RWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other reports and materials we have filed or may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC contain or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Reform Act of 1995, which are made in good faith by us. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (1) projections of revenues, income or loss, earnings or loss per common share, capital structure and other financial items; (2) plans and objectives of the management or Boards of Directors of CF Bankshares Inc. (the Holding Company or CFBank, National Association CFBank and, together with the Holding Company, the Company (3) statements regarding future events, actions or economic performance; and (4) statements of assumptions underlying such statements. Words such as "estimate," "strategy," "may," "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "predict," "will," "intend," "plan," "targeted," and the negative of these terms, or similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Various risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by our forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those risks detailed from time to time in our reports filed with the SEC, including those identified in Item 1A. Risk Factors of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC for the year ended December 31, 2023. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance or results. A forward-looking statement may include a statement of the assumptions or bases underlying the forward-looking statement. We believe that we have chosen these assumptions or bases in good faith and that they are reasonable. We caution you, however, that assumptions or bases almost always vary from actual results, and the differences between assumptions or bases and actual results can be material. The forward-looking statements included in this quarterly report speak only as of the date of the report. We undertake no obligation to publicly release revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements, except to the extent required by law. Business Overview The Holding Company is a financial holding company that owns 100 of the stock of CFBank, which was formed in Ohio in 1892 and converted from a federal savings association to a national bank on December 1, 2016. Prior to December 1, 2016, the Holding Company was a registered savings and loan holding company. Effective as of December 1, 2016 and in conjunction with the conversion of CFBank to a national bank, the Holding Company became a registered bank holding company and elected financial holding company status with the Federal Reserve Board (the Federal Reserve ). Effective as of July 27, 2020, the Company changed its name from Central Federal Corporation to CF Bankshares Inc. CFBank focuses on serving the financial needs of closely held businesses and entrepreneurs, by providing comprehensive Commercial, Retail, and Mortgage Lending services presence. In all regional markets, CFBank provides commercial loans and equipment leases, commercial and residential real estate loans and treasury management depository services, residential mortgage lending, and full-service commercial and retail banking services and products. CFBank seeks to differentiate itself from its competitors by providing individualized service coupled with direct customer access to decision-makers, and ease of doing business. We believe that CFBank matches the sophistication of much larger banks, without the bureaucracy. CFBank also offers its clients the convenience of online banking, mobile banking and remote deposit capabilities. Most of our deposits and loans come from our market area. Our principal market area for deposits and loans includes the following counties in Ohio and Indiana: Franklin County, Ohio through our offices in Columbus, Ohio; Delaware County, Ohio through our Polaris office in Columbus, Ohio; Cuyahoga County, Ohio through our office in Orange Village, Ohio and our Ohio City office in Cleveland, Ohio; Summit County, Ohio through our office in Fairlawn, Ohio; Hamilton County, Ohio through our offices in Blue Ash, Ohio and our Red Bank office in Cincinnati, Ohio; and Marion County, Indiana through our office in Indianapolis. Because of CFBank s concentration of business activities in Ohio, the Company s financial condition and results of operations depend in large part upon economic conditions in Ohio. Recent Regulatory Developments. In March 2024, CFBank s primary federal regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC ), publicly released its Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) rating of Needs to Improve for CFBank as a result of the OCC s regularly scheduled evaluation covering 2020 through 2022. The Company believes that the Needs to Improve rating was primarily attributable to CFBank s legacy direct-to-consumer residential mortgage business. Beginning in 2021, CFBank strategically scaled down its residential mortgage business and exited the direct-to-consumer mortgage business in favor of lending in our regional markets. The Company believes that this change in our residential mortgage business and focus, together with changes in our branch network and other actions taken since 2021, have remediated these legacy issues. While CFBank s CRA rating remains Needs to Improve, the Company is subject to additional requirements and conditions with respect to certain activities, including acquisitions of and mergers with other financial institutions and commencement of new activities. CFBank s next CRA evaluation is expected to commence in 2026. 

 38 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

General Our net income is dependent primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on loans and securities and our cost of funds, consisting of interest paid on deposits and borrowed funds. Net interest income is affected by regulatory, economic and competitive factors that influence interest rates, loan demand, the level of nonperforming assets and deposit flows. Net income is also affected by, among other things, provisions for credit losses, loan fee income, service charges, gains on loan sales, operating expenses, and taxes. Operating expenses principally consist of employee compensation and benefits, occupancy, advertising and marketing, data processing, professional fees, FDIC insurance premiums and other general and administrative expenses. Our results of operations are significantly affected by general economic and competitive conditions, changes in market interest rates and real estate values, government policies and actions of regulatory authorities. Our regulators have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the authority to impose restrictions on our operations, to classify our assets and to require us to increase the level of our allowance for credit losses on loans and leases. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. Management s discussion and analysis represents a review of our unaudited consolidated financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented. This review should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Financial Condition General. Assets totaled 2.07 billion at September 30, 2024 and increased 7.9 million, or 0.4 , from 2.06 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 22.9 million increase in net loans and leases, a 7.3 increase in accrued interest receivable and other assets, and a 3.4 million increase in loans held for sale, partially offset by a 28.1 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents . Cash and cash equivalents totaled 233.5 million at September 30, 2024, and decreased 28.1 million, or 10.7 , from 261.6 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily attributed to an increase in loans and leases. Securities. Securities available for sale totaled 8.7 million at September 30, 2024, and increased 598,000, or 7.4 , compared to 8.1 million at December 31, 2023. The increase was due to the purchases of new securities, partially offset by principal maturities. Loans held for sale. Loans held for sale totaled 5.2 million at September 30, 2024, and increased 3.4 million, or 183.4 , from 1.8 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in loans held for sale was the result of increases in the volume of loans to be sold. Loans and Leases. Net loans and leases totaled 1.72 billion at September 30, 2024, and increased 22.9 million, or 1.4 , from 1.69 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in net loans and leases from December 31, 2023, was primarily due to a 45.8 million increase in multi-family loan balances, a 14.8 million increase in commercial real estate loan balances, and a 5.0 million increase in home equity lines of credit, partially offset by a 19.2 million decrease in construction loan balances, a 17.1 million decrease in single-family residential loan balances, and a 7.0 million decrease in commercial and industrial (C I) loan balances. Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans. The allowance for credit losses on loans ACL Loans totaled 16.8 million at September 30, 2024, and decreased 85,000, or 0.5 , from 16.9 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease in the ACL-Loans was driven by net charge-offs of 5.4 million, partially offset by the provision for credit losses on loans of 5.3 million. The ratio of the ACL - Loans to total loans was 0.97 at September 30, 2024, compared to 0.99 at December 31, 2023. The ACL - Loans is a valuation account that is deducted from the loans' amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected on loans over the contractual term. Loans are charged off against the allowance when the uncollectibility of the loan is confirmed. Expected recoveries do not exceed the aggregate of amounts previously charged off and expected to be charged off. Adjustments to the ACL- Loans are reported in the income statement as a component of provision for credit loss. The Company has made the accounting policy election to exclude accrued interest receivable on loans from the estimate of credit losses. Further information regarding the policies and methodology used to estimate the ACL - Loans is detailed in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4 - Loans and Leases to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . 

 39 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Individually evaluated loans totaled 12.9 million at September 30, 2024, and increased 9.4 million, or 270.9 , from 3.5 million at December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to newly identified commercial loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, totaling 12.8 million, partially offset by charge-offs and principal payments. The amount of the ACL - Loans specifically calculated for individually evaluated loans totaled 1.2 million at September 30, 2024 and 697,000 at December 31, 2023. The reserve on individually evaluated loans is based on management s estimate of the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s effective rate or the fair value of collateral, if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. On at least a quarterly basis, management reviews each individually evaluated loan to determine whether it should have a reserve or partial charge-off. Management relies on appraisals or internal evaluations to help make this determination. Determination of whether to use an updated appraisal or internal evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, the age of the loan and the most recent appraisal, condition of the property and whether we expect the collateral to go through the foreclosure or liquidation process. Management considers the need for a downward adjustment to the valuation based on current market conditions and on management s analysis, judgment and experience. The amount ultimately charged-off for these loans may be different from the reserve, as the ultimate liquidation of the collateral and/or projected cash flows may be different from management s estimates . Nonperforming loans, which include nonaccrual loans and loans at least 90 days past due but still accruing interest, totaled 14.6 million at September 30, 2024, and increased 8.9 million from 5.7 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in nonaccrual loans was primarily driven by three commercial loans, totaling 11.3 million, three commercial equipment leases, totaling 182,000, and two single-family residential loans, totaling 918,000, becoming nonaccrual during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by paydowns and approximately 3.3 million in charge-offs on loans that were in nonaccrual at December 31, 2023. The ratio of nonperforming loans to total loans was 0.84 at September 30, 2024 compared to 0.33 at December 31, 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not modify any loans where the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company modified one commercial loan, with an amortized cost basis of 4.3 million at September 30, 2024, where the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty. The loan was modified to defer principal and interest payments, increase the interest rate, extend the maturity date and institute a minimum EBITDA covenant. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company modified one commercial loan, totaling 2.9 million, where the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty. The loan was modified to defer principal and interest payments for up to one year. For any period where the payments are deferred, the note will accrue at a higher rate of interest. We have incorporated the regulatory asset classifications as a part of our credit monitoring and internal loan risk rating system. In accordance with regulations, problem loans are classified as special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss, and the classifications are subject to review by the regulators. Assets designated as special mention are considered criticized assets. Assets designated as substandard, doubtful or loss are considered classified assets. See Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding the regulatory asset classifications. The level of total criticized and classified loans increased by 6.2 million, or 46.9 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Loans designated as special mention increased 595,000, or 14.6 , and totaled 4.7 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 4.1 million at December 31, 2023. Loans classified as substandard increased 6.0 million, or 69.8 , and totaled 14.7 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 8.6 million at December 31, 2023. Loans designated as doubtful declined 448,000 and totaled 0 at September 30, 2024, compared to 448,000 and December 31, 2023. See Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding risk classification of loans. In addition to credit monitoring through our internal loan risk rating system, we also monitor past due information for all loan segments. Loans that are not rated under our internal credit rating system include groups of homogenous loans, such as single-family residential real estate loans and consumer loans. The primary credit indicator for these groups of homogenous loans is past due information. Total past due loans increased 5.7 million and totaled 7.7 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 2.0 million at December 31, 2023. Past due loans totaled 0.4 of the loan portfolio at September 30, 2024, compared to 0.1 at December 31, 2023. See Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding loan delinquencies. All lending activity involves risk of loss. Certain types of loans, such as option adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) products, junior lien mortgages, high loan-to-value ratio mortgages, interest only loans, subprime loans and loans with initial teaser rates, can have a greater risk of non-collection than other loans. CFBank has not engaged in subprime lending or used option ARM products. 

 40 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Loans that contain interest only payments may present a higher risk than those loans with an amortizing payment that includes periodic principal reductions. Interest only loans are primarily commercial lines of credit secured by business assets and inventory, and consumer home equity lines of credit secured by the borrower s primary residence. Due to the fluctuations in business assets and inventory of our commercial borrowers, CFBank has increased risk due to a potential decline in collateral values without a corresponding decrease in the outstanding principal . Interest only commercial lines of credit totaled 154.5 million, or 35.7 , of CFBank s commercial portfolio at September 30, 2024, compared to 147.5 million, or 33.5 , at December 31, 2023. Interest only home equity lines of credit totaled 38.3 million, or 93.6 , of the total home equity lines of credit at September 30, 2024, compared to 33.6 million, or 93.4 , at December 31, 2023. We believe the ACL - Loans is adequate to absorb current expected credit losses in the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024; however, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on factors including, but not limited to, deterioration in client business performance, recessionary economic conditions, declines in borrowers cash flows and market conditions which result in lower real estate values. Additionally, various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the ACL - Loans. Such agencies may require additional provisions for loan losses based on judgments and estimates that differ from those used by management, or on information available at the time of their review. Management continues to diligently monitor credit quality in the existing portfolio and analyze potential loan opportunities carefully in order to manage credit risk. An increase in loan losses could occur if economic conditions and factors which affect credit quality, real estate values and general business conditions worsen or do not improve . Foreclosed assets . The Company held no foreclosed assets at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. The level of foreclosed assets and charges to foreclosed assets expense may change in the future in connection with workout efforts related to foreclosed assets, nonperforming loans and other loans with credit issues. Deposits . Deposits totaled 1.75 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.5 million, or 0.1 , when compared to 1.74 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase when compared to December 31, 2023, is primarily due to a 21.8 million increase in noninterest-bearing account balances, partially offset by a 20.3 million decrease in interest-bearing account balances. The decrease in interest-bearing account balances, when compared to December 31, 2023, included a 14.7 million reduction in brokered deposits. At September 30, 2024, approximately 30.2 of our deposit balances exceeded the FDIC insurance limit of 250,000, as compared to approximately 29.2 at December 31, 2023. CFBank is a participant in the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS) and Insured Cash Sweep (ICS) programs offered through IntraFi. IntraFi works with a network of banks to offer products that can provide FDIC insurance coverage in excess of 250,000 through these innovative products. Brokered deposits, including CDARS and ICS deposits that qualify as brokered, totaled 425.7 million at September 30, 2024, and decreased 14.7 million, or 3.3 , from 440.4 million at December 31, 2023. Customer balances in the CDARS reciprocal and ICS reciprocal programs, which do not qualify as brokered, totaled 254.4 million at September 30, 2024, and increased 16.6 million, or 7.0 , from 237.8 million at December 31, 2023. FHLB advances and other debt . FHLB advances and other debt totaled 108.7 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.3 million, or 1.2 , when compared to 110.0 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to FHLB fixed rate advance maturities. The Holding Company has a 35.0 million credit facility. The credit facility was revolving until May 21, 2024, at which time the outstanding balance was converted to a 10-year term note on a graduated 10-year amortization. Borrowings on the credit facility bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.85 until May 21, 2026, and the interest rate then converts to a floating rate equal to PRIME with a floor of 3.25 . As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an outstanding balance, net of unamortized issuance costs, of 34.7 million on the facility. At September 30, 2024, CFBank had availability in unused lines of credit at two commercial banks in the amounts of 50.0 million and 15.0 million. There were no outstanding borrowings on either line at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Subordinated debentures . Subordinated debentures totaled 15.0 million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. In December 2018, the Holding Company entered into subordinated note purchase agreements with certain qualified institutional buyers and completed a private placement of 10.0 million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes, resulting in net proceeds of 9,612,000 after deducting unamortized debt issuance costs of approximately 388,000. In 2003, the Holding Company issued subordinated debentures in exchange for the proceeds of a 5.0 million trust preferred securities offering issued by a trust formed by the Holding Company. The terms of the subordinated debentures allow for the Holding Company to defer interest payments for a period not to exceed five years. Interest payments on the subordinated debentures were current at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

 41 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Stockholders equity . Stockholders equity totaled 164.0 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 8.6 million, or 5.6 , from 155.4 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in stockholders equity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributed to net income, partially offset by 1.2 million in dividend payments. Management continues to proactively monitor capital levels and ratios in its on-going capital planning process. CFBank has leveraged its capital to support balance sheet growth and drive increased net interest income. Management remains focused on growing capital through earnings; however, should the need arise, CFBank has additional sources of capital and alternatives it could utilize as further discussed in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Currently, the Holding Company has excess cash or sources of liquidity to cover its expenses for the foreseeable future, and could inject capital into CFBank if necessary. Also, CFBank has the flexibility to manage its balance sheet size as a result of the short duration of the loans held for sale, as well as to deploy those assets into higher earning assets to improve net interest income as the opportunity presents itself . Comparison of the Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. General . Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 4.2 million (or 0.65 per diluted common share) compared to net income of 4.0 million (or 0.62 per diluted common share) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net income was primarily the result of a decrease in provision for credit losses expense and an increase in noninterest income, partially offset by an increase in noninterest expense and a decrease in net interest income. Net interest income. Net interest income is a significant component of net income, and consists of the difference between interest income generated on interest-earning assets and interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is primarily affected by the volumes, interest rates and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The tables in the sections below titled Average Balances, Interest Rates and Yields and Rate/Volume Analysis of Net Interest Income provide important information on factors impacting net interest income and should be read in conjunction with this discussion of net interest income. Net interest income totaled 11.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and decreased 207,000, or 1.8 , compared to net interest income of 11.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 2.0 million, or 12.3 , increase in interest expense, partially offset by a 1.8 million, or 6.5 , increase in interest income. The increase in interest expense was attributed to a 46bps increase in the average cost of funds on interest-bearing liabilities, coupled with a 22.8 million, or 1.5 , increase in average interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in interest income was primarily attributed to a 26bps increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets, coupled with a 40.9 million, or 2.2 , increase in average interest-earning assets outstanding. The net interest margin of 2.41 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 decreased 9bps compared to the net interest margin of 2.50 for the third quarter of 2023 . Interest income totaled 30.0 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and increased 1.8 million, or 6.5 , compared to 28.2 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest income was primarily attributed to a 27bps increase in the average yield on loans and leases and loans held for sale, coupled with a 60.5 million, or 3.7 , increase in average loans and leases outstanding and loans held for sale. Interest expense totaled 18.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and increased 2.0 million, or 12.3 , compared to 16.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest expense was primarily attributed to a 47bps increase in the average rate of interest-bearing deposits, coupled with a 23.9 million, or 1.7 , increase in average interest-bearing deposits. Provision for credit losses. There was 558,000 million in provision for credit losses expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, which reflected a decrease of 635,000, compared to a 1.2 million provision for the quarter ended September 30, 2023 . Net charge-offs for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 totaled 3.3 million compared to net charge-offs of 126,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, an individually evaluated loan, totaling 2.9 million, was charged off. 

 42 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

The following table presents information regarding net charge-offs (recoveries) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (unaudited) (Dollars in thousands) Commercial 3,270 137 Single-family residential real estate (8) (9) Home equity lines of credit (1) (2) Other consumer loans 30 - Total 3,291 126 
 Noninterest income. Noninterest income for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 totaled 1.6 million and increased 305,000, or 23.4 , compared to 1.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 259,000 increase in service charges on deposit accounts and a 188,000 increase on other noninterest income, partially offset by a 192,000 decrease in swap fee income. Noninterest expense. Noninterest expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 totaled 7.2 million and increased 466,000, or 6.9 , compared to 6.8 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The increase in noninterest expense was primarily due to a 194,000 increase in other noninterest expense, a 119,000 increase in salaries and employee benefits, and a 91,000 increase in data processing expense. The increase in other noninterest expense was primarily due to a 135,000 increase in fraud losses on customer accounts, coupled with a 53,000 increase in charitable contributions. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was primarily related to an increase in the number of employees, partially offset by lower deferred compensation incentive plan expense. Income tax expense. Income tax expense was 1.1 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 93,000, or 9.5 , compared to 984,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 20.4 , as compared to approximately 19.6 for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Our deferred tax assets are composed of U.S. net operating losses NOLs ), and other temporary book to tax differences. When determining the amount of deferred tax assets that are more-likely-than-not to be realized, and therefore recorded as a benefit, the Company conducts a regular assessment of all available information. This information includes, but is not limited to, taxable income in prior periods, projected future income and projected future reversals of deferred tax items. Based on these criteria, the Company determined as of September 30, 2024 that no valuation allowance was required against the net deferred tax asset. The Company records income tax expense based on the federal statutory rate adjusted for the effect of other items such as low income housing tax credits, bank owned life insurance and other miscellaneous items. Comparison of the Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. General . Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 9.0 million (or 1.38 per diluted common share) compared to net income of 12.7 million (or 1.97 per diluted common share) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net income was primarily the result of an increase in provision for credit losses expense and a decrease in net interest income, partially offset by an increase in noninterest income and a decrease in noninterest expense. Net interest income. Net interest income is a significant component of net income, and consists of the difference between interest income generated on interest-earning assets and interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is primarily affected by the volumes, interest rates and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The tables in the sections below titled Average Balances, Interest Rates and Yields and Rate/Volume Analysis of Net Interest Income provide important information on factors impacting net interest income and should be read in conjunction with this discussion of net interest income. Net interest income totaled 34.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and decreased 1.8 million, or 4.9 , compared to net interest income of 35.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to an 11.6 million, or 27.2 , increase in interest expense, partially offset by a 9.8 million, or 12.5 , increase in interest income. The increase in interest expense was attributed to a 78bps increase in the average cost of funds on interest-bearing liabilities, coupled with an 81.4 million, or 5.5 , increase in average interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in interest income was primarily attributed to a 39bps increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets, coupled with a 100.0 million, or 5.5 , increase in average interest-earning assets outstanding. The net interest margin of 2.38 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 27bps compared to the net interest margin of 2.65 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . 

 43 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Interest income totaled 88.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and increased 9.8 million, or 12.5 , compared to 78.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest income was primarily attributed to a 40bps increase in the average yield on loans and leases and loans held for sale, coupled with a 76.1 million, or 4.7 , increase in average loans and leases outstanding and loans held for sale. Interest expense totaled 54.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and increased 11.6 million, or 27.2 , compared to 42.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in interest expense was primarily attributed to an 82bps increase in the average rate of interest-bearing deposits, coupled with an 80.9 million, or 5.9 , increase in average interest-bearing deposits. Provision for credit losses. There was 5.4 million in provision for credit losses expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which reflected an increase of 4.0 million compared to a 1.4 million provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The increase in the provision for credit losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by reserves placed on two individually evaluated commercial loan participations (purchased loans), totaling 3.1 million, in the second quarter of 2024. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, one of those individually evaluated loans, totaling 2.9 million, was charged off. Net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 5.4 million, compared to net charge-offs of 23,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The following table presents information regarding net charge-offs (recoveries) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. For the nine months ended September 30. 2024 2023 (unaudited) (Dollars in thousands) Commercial 5,131 57 Single-family residential real estate (23) (31) Home equity lines of credit (5) (3) Other consumer loans 280 - Total 5,383 23 
 Noninterest income. Noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 3.7 million and increased 731,000, or 24.4 , compared to 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 758,000 increase in service charges on deposit accounts and increases of 202,000 and 155,000 in net gains on sales of residential mortgage loans and commercial loans, respectively, partially offset by a 364,000 decrease in swap fee income. Noninterest expense. Noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled 21.5 million and decreased 119,000, or 0.6 , compared to 21.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in noninterest expense was primarily due to a 567,000 decrease in salaries and employee benefits, partially offset by a 319,000 increase in data processing expense. The decrease in salaries and employee benefits was primarily related to a 349,000 decrease in salaries and related benefits, a 134,000 decrease in deferred compensation incentive plan expense, and a 105,000 decrease in incentive expense. The increase in data processing expense was primarily due to an increase in our average monthly core processing charges of approximately 27,000 per month coupled with a 37,000 one-time implementation fee. Income tax expense. Income tax expense was 2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.1 million compared to 3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 18.3 , as compared to approximately 19.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The reduction in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was a result of a decrease in pre-tax net income combined with an increase in the benefits received from tax-credit investments and tax exempt income. Our deferred tax assets are composed of U.S. net operating losses NOLs ), and other temporary book to tax differences. When determining the amount of deferred tax assets that are more-likely-than-not to be realized, and therefore recorded as a benefit, the Company conducts a regular assessment of all available information. This information includes, but is not limited to, taxable income in prior periods, projected future income and projected future reversals of deferred tax items. Based on these criteria, the Company determined as of September 30, 2024 that no valuation allowance was required against the net deferred tax asset. The Company records income tax expense based on the federal statutory rate adjusted for the effect of other items such as low income housing credits, bank owned life insurance and other miscellaneous items. 

 44 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Average Balances, Interest Rates and Yields. The following tables present, for the periods indicated, the total dollar amount of fully taxable equivalent interest income from average interest-earning assets and the resultant yields, as well as the interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, expressed in both dollars and rates. Average balances are computed using month-end balances. For Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Interest Average Average Interest Average Outstanding Earned/ Yield/ Outstanding Earned/ Yield/ Balance Paid Rate Balance Paid Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Securities (1) (2) 13,333 144 3.56 13,802 101 2.40 Loans and leases and loans held for sale (3) 1,702,563 27,189 6.39 1,642,029 25,121 6.12 Other earning assets 177,710 2,496 5.62 197,434 2,778 5.63 FHLB and FRB stock 9,115 167 7.33 8,568 166 7.75 Total interest-earning assets 1,902,721 29,996 6.30 1,861,833 28,166 6.04 Noninterest-earning assets 97,700 95,186 Total assets 2,000,421 1,957,019 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits 1,454,433 17,382 4.78 1,430,568 15,421 4.31 FHLB advances and other borrowings 123,872 1,154 3.73 124,930 1,078 3.45 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,578,305 18,536 4.70 1,555,498 16,499 4.24 Noninterest-bearing liabilities 260,077 251,509 Total liabilities 1,838,382 1,807,007 Equity 162,039 150,012 Total liabilities and equity 2,000,421 1,957,019 Net interest-earning assets 324,416 306,335 Net interest income/interest rate spread 11,460 1.60 11,667 1.80 Net interest margin 2.41 2.50 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 120.55 119.69 
 (1) Average balance is computed using the carrying value of securities. Average yield is computed using the historical amortized cost average balance for available for sale securities. (2) Average yields and interest earned are stated on a fully taxable equivalent basis. (3) Average balance is computed using the recorded investment in loans net of the ACL - Loans and includes nonperforming loans. 

 45 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

For Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Interest Average Average Interest Average Outstanding Earned/ Yield/ Outstanding Earned/ Yield/ Balance Paid Rate Balance Paid Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Securities (1) (2) 13,105 406 3.39 14,463 529 4.08 Loans and leases and loans held for sale (3) 1,695,288 79,538 6.26 1,619,225 71,143 5.86 Other earning assets 188,464 7,957 5.63 163,281 6,470 5.28 FHLB and FRB stock 8,751 496 7.56 8,590 425 6.60 Total interest-earning assets 1,905,608 88,397 6.18 1,805,559 78,567 5.79 Noninterest-earning assets 95,058 91,831 Total assets 2,000,666 1,897,390 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits 1,450,578 50,816 4.67 1,369,656 39,500 3.85 FHLB advances and other borrowings 125,499 3,470 3.69 125,016 3,181 3.39 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,576,077 54,286 4.59 1,494,672 42,681 3.81 Noninterest-bearing liabilities 264,714 256,898 Total liabilities 1,840,791 1,751,570 Equity 159,875 145,820 Total liabilities and equity 2,000,666 1,897,390 Net interest-earning assets 329,531 310,887 Net interest income/interest rate spread 34,111 1.59 35,886 1.98 Net interest margin 2.38 2.65 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 120.91 120.80 
 (1) Average balance is computed using the carrying value of securities. Average yield is computed using the historical amortized cost average balance for available for sale securities. (2) Average yields and interest earned are stated on a fully taxable equivalent basis. (3) Average balance is computed using the recorded investment in loans net of the ACL - Loans and includes nonperforming loans. 

 46 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Rate/Volume Analysis of Net Interest Income. The following table presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for major components of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. It distinguishes between the increase and decrease related to changes in balances and/or changes in interest rates. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to (i) changes in volume (i.e., changes in volume multiplied by the prior rate) and (ii) changes in rate (i.e., changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume which cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 Increase (decrease) Increase (decrease) due to due to Rate Volume Net Rate Volume Net (Dollars in thousands) (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Securities (1) 61 (18) 43 (79) (44) (123) Loans and leases 1,126 942 2,068 4,973 3,422 8,395 Other earning assets (5) (277) (282) 447 1,040 1,487 FHLB and FRB Stock (38) 39 1 63 8 71 Total interest-earning assets 1,144 686 1,830 5,404 4,426 9,830 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits 1,701 260 1,961 8,859 2,457 11,316 FHLB advances and other borrowings 136 (60) 76 277 12 289 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,837 200 2,037 9,136 2,469 11,605 Net change in net interest income (693) 486 (207) (3,732) 1,957 (1,775) 
 (1) Securities amounts are presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis. Critical Accounting Policies We follow financial accounting and reporting policies that are in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and conform to general practices within the banking industry. These policies are presented in Note 1 to our 2023 Audited Financial Statements. Some of these accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies, which are those policies that are both most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations, and require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Application of assumptions different than those used by management could result in material changes in our financial condition or results of operations. These policies, current assumptions and estimates utilized, and the related disclosure of this process, are determined by management and routinely reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. We believe that the judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements were appropriate given the factual circumstances at the time. We believe there have been no significant changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the items that we disclosed as our critical accounting policies and estimates in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Liquidity and Capital Resources In general terms, liquidity is a measurement of an enterprise s ability to meet cash needs. The primary objective in liquidity management is to maintain the ability to meet loan commitments and to repay deposits and other liabilities in accordance with their terms without an adverse impact on current or future earnings. Principal sources of funds are deposits; amortization and prepayments of loans; maturities, sales and principal receipts of securities available for sale; borrowings; and operations. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. 

 47 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

CFBank is required by regulation to maintain sufficient liquidity to ensure its safe and sound operation. Thus, adequate liquidity may vary depending on CFBank s overall asset/liability structure, market conditions, the activities of competitors, the requirements of our own deposit and loan customers and regulatory considerations. Management believes that each of the Holding Company s and CFBank s current liquidity is sufficient to meet its daily operating needs and fulfill its strategic planning. Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term responsibility of management. We adjust our investments in liquid assets, primarily cash, short-term investments and other assets that are widely traded in the secondary market, based on our ongoing assessment of expected loan demand, expected deposit flows, yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities and the objective of our asset/liability management program. In addition to liquid assets, we have other sources of liquidity available including, but not limited to, access to advances from the FHLB and borrowings from the FRB and our commercial bank lines of credit. The following table summarizes CFBank s cash available from liquid assets and borrowing capacity at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Cash, unpledged securities and deposits in other financial institutions 235,861 262,004 Additional borrowing capacity at the FHLB 172,434 183,654 Additional borrowing capacity at the FRB 138,070 136,240 Unused commercial bank lines of credit 65,000 65,000 Total 611,365 646,898 
 Cash, unpledged securities and deposits in other financial institutions decreased 26.1 million, or 10.0 , to 235.9 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 262.0 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily attributed to an increase in loans and leases. CFBank s additional borrowing capacity with the FHLB decreased 11.3 million, or 6.1 , to 172.4 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 183.7 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily related to a decline in our pledged collateral, which includes single-family residential loans. CFBank s additional borrowing capacity at the FRB increased 1.9 million, or 1.3 , to 138.1 million at September 30, 2024 from 136.2 million at December 31, 2023. CFBank is eligible to participate in the FRB s primary credit program, providing CFBank access to short-term funds at any time, for any reason, based on the collateral pledged. CFBank s borrowing capacity with both the FHLB and FRB may be negatively impacted by changes such as, but not limited to, further tightening of credit policies by the FHLB or FRB, deterioration in the credit performance of CFBank s loan portfolio or CFBank s financial performance, or a decrease in the balance of pledged collateral. CFBank had 65.0 million of availability in unused lines of credit with two commercial banks at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. Deposits are obtained predominantly from the markets in which CFBank s offices are located. We rely primarily on a willingness to pay market-competitive interest rates to attract and retain retail deposits. Accordingly, rates offered by competing financial institutions may affect our ability to attract and retain deposits. CFBank relies on co m petitive interest rates, custo m er service, and relationships with custo m ers to retain d e posits. The FDIC provides d e posit insur a nce c ov e r a ge up t o 250,000 p e r d e positor. The Holding Company has more limited sources of liquidity than CFBank. In general, in addition to its existing liquid assets, sources of liquidity include funds raised in the securities markets through debt or equity offerings, funds borrowed from third party banks or other lenders, dividends received from CFBank or the sale of assets. Management believes that the Holding Company had adequate funds and sources of liquidity at September 30, 2024 to meet its current and anticipated operating needs at this time. The Holding Company s current cash requirements include operating expenses and interest on subordinated debentures and other debt. The Company may also pay dividends on its common stock if and when declared by the Board of Directors. 

 48 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 2 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

Currently, annual debt service on the subordinated debentures underlying the Company s trust preferred securities is approximately 434,000. Prior to July 1, 2023, the subordinated debentures had a variable rate of interest, which reset quarterly, equal to the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus 2.85 . Effective July 1, 2023, the rate of interest on the subordinated debentures resets quarterly to the three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus 3.112 , which was 7.72 at September 30, 2024. Currently, the annual debt service on the Company s 10 million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes is approximately 970,000. The subordinated notes initially bore a fixed rate of 7.00 until December 2023, and now the interest rate resets quarterly to a rate equal to the current three-month SOFR plus 4.402 , which was 9.01 at September 30, 2024. The Holding Company has a 35.0 million credit facility with a third-party bank. The credit facility was revolving until May 21, 2024, at which time the outstanding balance was converted to a 10-year term note on a graduated 10-year amortization. Borrowings on the credit facility bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.85 until May 21, 2026, and the interest rate then converts to a floating rate equal to PRIME with a floor of 3.75 . At September 30, 2024, the Company had an outstanding balance, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, of 34.7 million on the facility. The ability of the Holding Company to pay dividends on its common stock is dependent upon the amount of cash and liquidity available at the Holding Company level, as well as the receipt of dividends and other distributions from CFBank to the extent necessary to fund such dividends. The Holding Company is a legal entity that is separate and distinct from CFBank, which has no obligation to make any dividends or other funds available for the payment of dividends by the Holding Company. Banking regulations limit the amount of dividends that can be paid to the Holding Company by CFBank without prior regulatory approval. Generally, financial institutions may pay dividends without prior approval as long as the dividend does not exceed the total of the current calendar year-to-date earnings plus any earnings from the previous two years not already paid out in dividends, and as long as the financial institution remains well capitalized after the dividend payment. The Holding Company also is subject to various legal and regulatory policies and requirements impacting the Holding Company s ability to pay dividends on its stock. In addition, the Holding Company s ability to pay dividends on its stock is conditioned upon the payment, on a current basis, of quarterly interest payments on the subordinated debentures underlying the Company s trust preferred securities. Finally, under the terms of the Company s fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debt, the Holding Company s ability to pay dividends on its stock is conditioned upon the Holding Company continuing to make required principal and interest payments, and not incurring an event of default, with respect to the subordinated debt. Federal income tax laws provided deductions, totaling 2.3 million, for thrift bad debt reserves established before 1988. Accounting standards do not require a deferred tax liability to be recorded on this amount, which otherwise would have totaled 473,000 at year-end 2023. However, if CFBank were wholly or partially liquidated or otherwise ceases to be a bank, or if tax laws were to change, this amount would have to be recaptured and a tax liability recorded. Additionally, any distributions in excess of CFBank s current or accumulated earnings and profits would reduce amounts allocated to its bad debt reserve and create a tax liability for CFBank. 

49 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Management believes that, as of September 30, 2024, there has been no material change in the Company s market risk from the information contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

50 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART 1. Item 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of and for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Changes in internal control over financial reporting . We made no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) in the third quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 51 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART II. Item 1 to 6 OTHER INFORMATION 

Ite m 1. Legal Proceedings The Holding Company and CFBank may, from time to time, be involved in various legal proceedings in the normal course of business. Periodically, there have been various claims and lawsuits involving CFBank, such as claims to enforce liens, condemnation proceedings on properties in which CFBank holds security interests, claims involving the making and servicing of real property loans and other claims and lawsuits incident to our banking business. We are not a party to any pending legal proceeding that management believes would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, if decided adversely to us. It em 1A. Risk Factors There are certain risks and uncertainties in our business that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. A detailed discussion of our risk factors is included in Item 1A. Risk Factors of Part I of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There were no material changes to those risk factors as presented in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. It em 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds (a) None. (b) Not applicable. (c) The following table provides information concerning purchases of the Holding Company s shares of common stock made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Period Total number of common shares purchased Average price paid per common share Total number of common shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number of common shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 345 (1) 20.37 - - August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 - - - - September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 - - - - Total 345 20.37 - 
 (1) Represents shares of common stock surrendered to the Company for the payment of taxes upon the vesting of restricted stock. I tem 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Ite m 5. Other Information (a) None. (b) None. (c) During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined under Rule 16a-1 of the Exchange Act) or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or any trading arrangements (in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 

 52 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. PART II. Item 1 to 6 OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, filed with the Commission on November 9, 2017 (File No. 0-25045)) 3.2 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-2, filed with the Commission on October 28, 2005 (File No. 333-129315)) 3.3 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009, filed with the Commission on August 14, 2009 (File No. 0-25045)) 3.4 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, filed with the Commission on November 10, 2011 (File No. 0-25045)) 3.5 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the registrant s Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Commission on May 4, 2012 (File No. 333-177434)) 3.6 Certificate of Designations to Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 7, 2014 and filed with the Commission on May 13, 2014 (File No. 0-25045)) 3.7 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 20, 2018, filed with the commission on August 20, 2018 (File No. 0-25045) 3.8 Certificate of Designations to Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 25, 2019, filed with the Commission on October 31, 2019 (File No. 0-25045)) 3. 9 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 29, 2020, filed with the Commission on June 2, 2020 (File No. 0-25045)) 3.1 0 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 28, 2020, filed with the commission on July 20, 2020 (File No. 0-25045) 3.11 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, filed with the Commission on August 12, 2020 (File No. 0-25045)) [This document represents the Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant in compiled form incorporating all amendments. This compiled document has not been filed with the Delaware Secretary of State.] 3.1 2 Certificate of Designations to Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 5, 2024, filed with the Commission on February 6, 2024 (File No. 0-25045)) 3.13 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, filed with the Commission on March 27, 2008 (File No. 0-25045)) 10.1 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2024, by and among CF Bancshares Inc., CFBank and Timothy T. O Dell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 6, 2024, filed with the Commission on June 6, 2024 (File No. 0-25045)) 10.2 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2024, by and among CF Bancshares Inc., CFBank and Bradley Ringwald (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 6, 2024, filed with the Commission on June 6, 2024 (File No. 0-25045)) 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications of the Principal Financial Officer 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications 101.1 Interactive Data File (Inline XBRL) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

53 
 Table of Contents CF BANKSHARES INC. SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CF BANKSHARES INC. Dated: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Timothy T. O Dell Timothy T. O Dell President and Chief Executive Officer Dated: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Kevin J. Beerman Kevin J. Beerman Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cfbk-20240930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX 311

CF BANKSHARES INC. 

Exhibit 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer 

I, Timothy T. O Dell, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of CF Bankshares Inc. ; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 13 , 202 4 

/s/ Timothy T. O Dell 

Timothy T. O Dell 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cfbk-20240930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX 312

CF BANKSHARES INC. 

Exhibit 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certifications of the Principal Financial Officer 

I, Kevin J. Beerman certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of CF Bankshares Inc. ; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors: 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 1 3 , 2024 

/s/ Kevin J. Beerman 

Kevin J. Beerman 
					 
						 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cfbk-20240930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX 321

CF BANKSHARES INC. 

Exhibit 32.1 

Section 1350 Certifications 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of CF Bankshares Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, Timothy T. O Dell, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Kevin J. Beerman , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in th e Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries as of and for the period covered by th e Report. 

Dated: November 13 , 202 4 

By: 

/s/ Timothy T. O Dell 

Timothy T. O Dell 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: November 13 , 202 4 

By: 

/s/ Kevin J. Beerman 

Kevin J. Beerman 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cfbk-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cfbk-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cfbk-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cfbk-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cfbk-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

