<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1028918_0001028918-24-000123.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23399079</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>216326</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2501140</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12580368</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3583185</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3748657</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001028918-24-000123.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029160137
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001028918-24-000123
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001028918
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				330743196
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22193
		FILM NUMBER:		241405618

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17901 VON KARMAN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-864-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17901 VON KARMAN AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001028918-24-000123.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 ppbi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ppbi-20240930 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. (See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes No 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of October 22, 2024 was . 

PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 FORM 10-Q 
 INDEX 
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 - Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 57 
 Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 106 
 Item 4 - Controls and Procedures 
 108 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 109 
 Item 1 - Legal Proceedings 
 109 
 Item 1A - Risk Factors 
 109 
 Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 109 
 Item 3 - Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 109 
 Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures 
 109 
 Item 5 - Other Information 
 109 
 Item 6 - Exhibits 
 110 
 SIGNATURE 
 111 
 
 2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except par value and share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with financial institutions Cash and cash equivalents Interest-bearing time deposits with financial institutions Investments securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses of and (fair value of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Investment securities available-for-sale, at fair value FHLB, FRB, and other stock Loans held for investment Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans held for investment, net Accrued interest receivable Other real estate owned Premises and equipment, net Deferred income taxes, net Bank owned life insurance Intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Deposit accounts: Noninterest-bearing checking Interest-bearing: Checking Money market/savings Retail certificates of deposit Wholesale/brokered certificates of deposit Total interest-bearing Total deposits FHLB advances and other borrowings Subordinated debentures Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock, par value; authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 INTEREST INCOME Loans Investment securities and other interest-earning assets Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits FHLB advances and other borrowings Subordinated debentures Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for credit losses Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses NONINTEREST INCOME Loan servicing income Service charges on deposit accounts Other service fee income Debit card interchange fee income Earnings on bank owned life insurance Net gain from sales of loans Net gain from sales of investment securities 
 Trust custodial account fees Escrow and exchange fees Other income 
 Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Compensation and benefits Premises and occupancy Data processing Other real estate owned operations, net ) FDIC insurance premiums Legal and professional services Marketing expense Office expense Loan expense Deposit expense Amortization of intangible assets Other expense Total noninterest expense Net income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income EARNINGS PER SHARE Basic Diluted WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING Basic Diluted 
 
 Accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale, net of income taxes (1) 
 ) Reclassification adjustment for net gain on sales of securities included in net income, net of income taxes (2) 
 ) Net unrealized loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity, net of income taxes (3) 
 ) Amortization of unrealized loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity, net of income taxes (4) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) ) Comprehensive income, net of tax 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) million and ) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (3) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and ) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (4) million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 FOR THE NINE MONTHS AND THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) Common Stock Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalents declared per restricted stock unit) 
 ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock, net ) Restricted stock surrendered and canceled ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalents declared per restricted stock unit) 
 ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock, net Restricted stock surrendered and canceled ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 Accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 FOR THE NINE MONTHS AND THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share data) Common Stock Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalents declared per restricted stock unit) 
 ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock, net ) Restricted stock surrendered and canceled ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalents declared per restricted stock unit) 
 ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of restricted stock, net Restricted stock surrendered and canceled ) ) ) Exercise of stock options Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 Accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

7 

PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Provision for credit losses Share-based compensation expense Loss on sales and disposals of premises and equipment Loss (gain) on sale or write down of other real estate owned ) Net (accretion) amortization of discounts/premium on securities ) Net (accretion) of discounts/premiums for acquired loans and deferred loan fees/costs ) ) (Gain) on sale of investment securities available-for-sale ) (Gain) on debt extinguishment ) (Gain) on sales of loans ) ) Deferred income tax expense Income from bank owned life insurance, net ) ) Amortization of intangible assets Origination of loans held for sale, net of principal payments received ) ) Proceeds from the sales of loans held for sale Net change in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net change in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Net (increase) decrease in interest-bearing time deposits with financial institutions ) Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Loan (originations) and payments, net Proceeds from sales of loans classified as loans held for investment Purchase of securities held-to-maturity ) ) Proceeds from prepayments and maturities of securities held-to-maturity Purchase of securities available-for-sale ) ) Proceeds from prepayments and maturities of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from the sales of premises and equipment Proceeds from surrender of bank owned life insurance Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) Net change in FHLB, FRB, and other stock Funding of Community Reinvestment Act CRA investments, net ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in deposit accounts ) ) Net change in short-term borrowings ) Repayments of long-term borrowings ) Repayments of subordinated debentures ) Cash dividends paid ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Restricted stock surrendered and canceled ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Interest paid Income taxes (refunded) paid, net ) Noncash investing activities during the period: Transfers from loans held for investment to loans held for sale Loans held for sale transfer to loans held for investment Other real estate owned transferred from loans held for investment Transfers of investment securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Transfers of CRA investment securities from FHLB, FRB, and other stock to other assets Recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Recognition of operating lease liabilities Receivable on unsettled security payments 

Accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 

Note 1 

See Note 13 Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 

9 

Note 2 

10 

Note 3 

11 

Note 4 
 Agency ) Corporate ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total AFS investment securities ) 
 December 31, 2023 U.S. Treasury ) Agency ) Corporate ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total AFS investment securities ) 
 
 The carrying amount and estimated fair value of held-to-maturity HTM investment securities were as follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Net Carrying Amount Gross Unrecognized Gain Gross Unrecognized Loss Estimated Fair Value HTM investment securities: September 30, 2024 Municipal bonds ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Other Total HTM investment securities ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Municipal bonds ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Other Total HTM investment securities ) ) 
 The Company reassesses classification of certain investments as part of the ongoing review of the investment securities portfolio. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were transfers of AFS securities to HTM securities. 

12 

million of AFS collateralized mortgage obligations to HTM securities. The Company intends and has the ability to hold the securities transferred to maturity. The transfer of these securities was accounted for at fair value on the transfer date. The collateralized mortgage obligations had a net carrying amount of million with a pre-tax unrealized loss of million, which are accreted into interest income as yield adjustments through earnings over the remaining term of the securities. The amortization of the related net after-tax unrealized losses reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss offsets the effect on interest income for the accretion of the unrealized losses associated with the transferred securities. No gains or losses were recorded at the time of transfer. 
 
 Investment securities with carrying values of billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged to other borrowings, secure public deposits, and for other purposes as required or permitted by law, of which billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, were pledged to the Federal Reserve's discount window to increase the Company s access to funding and provide liquidity. 
 
 Unrealized Gains and Losses 
 
 Unrealized gains and losses on AFS investment securities, net of tax, are recognized in stockholders equity as accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. At September 30, 2024, the Company had a net unrealized loss on AFS investment securities of million, or million net of tax in accumulated other comprehensive loss, compared to a net unrealized loss of million, or million net of tax in accumulated other comprehensive loss, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 For investment securities transferred from AFS to HTM, the net after-tax unrealized gains and losses at the date of transfer continue to be reported in stockholders equity as accumulated other comprehensive loss and are amortized over the remaining lives of the securities with an offsetting entry to interest income as an adjustment of yield in a manner consistent with the amortization of a premium or discount, with an offsetting entry to interest income for the accretion of the unrealized loss associated with the transferred securities. At September 30, 2024, the unrealized loss on investment securities transferred from AFS to HTM was million, or million net of tax. At December 31, 2023, the unrealized loss on investment securities transferred from AFS to HTM was million, or million net of tax. 
 
 ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Total AFS investment securities ) ) ) 
 
 13 

) ) Agency ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Total AFS investment securities ) ) ) 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Investment Securities 
 
 The Company reviews individual securities classified as AFS to determine whether unrealized losses are deemed credit related or due to other factors such as changes in interest rates and general market conditions. An ACL on AFS investment securities is recorded when unrealized losses have been deemed, through the Company s qualitative assessment, to be credit related. Non-credit related unrealized losses on AFS investment securities, which may be attributed to changes in interest rates and other market-related factors, are not recorded through an ACL. Such declines are recorded as an adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax. In the event the Company is required to sell or has the intent to sell an AFS security that has experienced a decline in fair value below its amortized cost, the Company writes the amortized cost of the security down to fair value in the current period. 
 
 The ACL for HTM investment securities is estimated on a collective basis, based on shared risk characteristics, and is determined at the individual security level when the Company deems a security to no longer possess shared risk characteristics. Credit losses on HTM investment securities are representative of the amount needed to reduce the amortized cost basis to reflect the net amount expected to be collected. 
 
 The Company determines credit losses on both AFS and HTM investment securities through the use of a discounted cash flow approach using the security s effective interest rate. The ACL is measured as the amount by which an investment security s amortized cost exceeds the net present value of expected future cash flows. However, the amount of credit losses for AFS investment securities is limited to the amount of a security s unrealized loss. The ACL is established through a charge to provision for credit losses in current period earnings. 
 
 For additional information concerning the ACL on investment securities, refer to Note 1 - Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of our audited consolidated financial statements included in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had an ACL of and , respectively, for HTM investment securities classified as municipal bonds. 
 ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 HTM investment securities: Municipal bonds 
 14 

) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 HTM investment securities: Municipal bonds 
 
 The Company had ACL for AFS investment securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company performed a qualitative assessment of these investments as of September 30, 2024 and determined that unrealized losses during the third quarter of 2024 were the result of general market conditions, including changes in interest rates, and does not believe the declines in fair value were credit related. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not recorded credit losses on AFS securities that were in an unrealized loss position due to the high credit quality of the investments, with investment grade ratings, and many of them issued by U.S. government agencies. As of September 30, 2024, of our AFS securities were U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agency, and U.S. government-sponsored enterprise securities. The fair value of Corporate bank debt securities continued to improve during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as the spreads on the bank debt continued to tighten with overall signs of stability in the banking industry and interest rate movement during the period. Additionally, the Company continues to receive contractual principal and interest payments in a timely manner. It is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recoveries, and at this time the Company does not intend to sell these securities. There was provision for credit losses recognized for AFS investment securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were AFS or HTM securities on nonaccrual status. All securities in the portfolio were current with their contractual principal and interest payments. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were securities purchased with deterioration in credit quality since their origination. 
 
 Realized Gains and Losses 
 
 Gross realized gains Gross realized (losses) ) Net realized gains on sales of AFS investment securities 

15 

Agency Corporate Collateralized mortgage obligations Total AFS investment securities HTM investment securities: Municipal bonds Collateralized mortgage obligations Mortgage-backed securities Other Total HTM investment securities Total investment securities 

Note 5 

16 

Multifamily Construction and land SBA secured by real estate Total investor loans secured by real estate Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied Franchise real estate secured SBA secured by real estate Total business loans secured by real estate Commercial loans Commercial and industrial Franchise non-real estate secured SBA non-real estate secured Total commercial loans Retail loans Single family residential Consumer Total retail loans Loans held for investment before basis adjustment (1) 
 Basis adjustment associated with fair value hedge (2) 
 ) ) Loans held for investment Allowance for credit losses for loans held for investment ) ) Loans held for investment, net Total unfunded loan commitments Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Includes net deferred origination costs (fees) of million and ), and unaccreted fair value net purchase discounts of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Represents the basis adjustment associated with the application of hedge accounting on certain loans. The basis adjustment will be allocated to the amortized cost of associated loans within the closed portfolio if the hedge is discontinued. Refer to Note 11 Derivative Instruments for additional information. 
 
 The Company generally originates SBA loans with the intent to sell the guaranteed portion of the loans prior to maturity and, therefore, designates them as held for sale. From time to time, the Company may purchase or sell other types of loans in order to manage concentrations, maximize interest income, change risk profiles, improve returns, and generate liquidity. 
 
 17 

million and million, respectively, and were included in other assets in the Company s consolidated statements of financial condition. Servicing assets are evaluated for impairment based upon the fair value of the servicing rights as compared to carrying amount. Impairment is recognized through a valuation allowance, to the extent the fair value is less than the carrying amount. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company determined that no valuation allowance was necessary. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of Opus Bank Opus ), the Company acquired Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac guaranteed structured pass-through certificates, which were issued as a result of Opus s securitization sale of million in originated multifamily loans through a Freddie Mac-sponsored transaction in December 2016. The Company's continuing involvement includes sub-servicing responsibilities, general representations and warranties, and reimbursement obligations. Servicing responsibilities on loan sales generally include obligations to collect and remit payments of principal and interest, provide foreclosure services, manage payments of taxes and insurance premiums, and otherwise administer the underlying loans. In connection with the securitization transaction, Freddie Mac was designated as the master servicer and appointed the Company to perform sub-servicing responsibilities, which generally include the servicing responsibilities described above with the exception of the servicing of foreclosed or defaulted loans. The overall management, servicing, and resolution of defaulted loans and foreclosed loans are separately designated to the special servicer, a third-party institution that is independent of the master servicer and the Company. The master servicer has the right to terminate the Company in its role as sub-servicer and direct such responsibilities accordingly. 
 
 To the extent the ultimate resolution of defaulted loans results in contractual principal and interest payments that are deficient, the Company is obligated to reimburse Freddie Mac for such amounts, not to exceed of the original principal amount of the loans comprising the securitization pool at the closing date of December 23, 2016. The liability recorded for Company s exposure to the reimbursement agreement with Freddie Mac was as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Loans sold and serviced for others are not included in the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition. The unpaid principal balance of loans and participations serviced for others was million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023, respectively. Included in those totals are multifamily loans transferred through securitization with Freddie Mac of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and SBA participations serviced for others of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 18 

million for secured loans and million for unsecured loans at September 30, 2024. In order to manage concentration risk, the Bank maintains a house lending limit well below these statutory maximums. At September 30, 2024, the Bank s largest aggregate outstanding balance of loans to one borrower was million comprised of C I asset-based lines of credit. 
 
 Credit Quality and Credit Risk Management 
 
 The Company s credit quality and credit risk are controlled in distinct areas. The first is the loan origination process, wherein the Bank underwrites credit and chooses which types and levels of risk it is willing to accept. The Company maintains a credit policy which addresses many related topics, sets forth maximum tolerances for key elements of loan risk, and indicates appropriate protocols for identifying and analyzing these risk elements. The policy sets forth specific guidelines for analyzing each of the loan products the Company offers from both an individual and portfolio-wide basis. The credit policy is reviewed at least annually by the Bank Board. The Bank s underwriters ensure all key risk factors are analyzed, with most underwriting including a global cash flow analysis of the prospective borrowers. 
 
 The second area is in the ongoing oversight of the loan portfolio, where existing credit risk is measured and monitored, and where performance issues are dealt with in a timely and appropriate fashion. Credit risk is monitored and managed within the loan portfolio by the Company s portfolio managers based on both the credit policy and a credit and portfolio review policy. This latter policy requires a program of financial data collection and analysis, thorough loan reviews, property and/or business inspections, monitoring of portfolio concentrations and trends, and incorporation of current business and economic conditions. The portfolio managers also monitor asset-based lines of credit, loan covenants, and other conditions associated with the Company s loans as a means to help identify potential credit risk. Most individual loans, excluding the homogeneous loan portfolio, are reviewed at least annually, including the assignment or confirmation of a risk grade. 
 
 Risk grades are based on a -grade Pass scale, along with Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, and Loss classifications, and such classifications are defined by the federal banking regulatory agencies. The assignment of risk grades allows the Company to, among other things, identify the risk associated with each credit in the portfolio and to provide a basis for estimating credit losses inherent in the portfolio. Risk grades are reviewed regularly with the Company s Credit and Portfolio Review Committee, and the portfolio management and risk grading process is reviewed on an ongoing basis by both an independent loan review function and periodic internal audits, as well as by regulatory agencies during scheduled examinations. 
 
 19 

20 

Special mention Substandard Multifamily Pass Special mention Construction and land Pass SBA secured by real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Total investor loans secured by real estate Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied Pass Special mention Substandard Franchise real estate secured Pass Special mention Substandard SBA secured by real estate Pass Substandard Total loans secured by business real estate Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful 
 
 21 

Special mention Substandard SBA non-real estate secured Pass Substandard Total commercial loans Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Retail loans Single family residential Pass Consumer loans Pass Total retail loans Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Loans held for investment before basis adjustment (1) 
 Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Excludes the basis adjustment of million to the carrying amount of certain loans included in fair value hedging relationships. Refer to Note 11 Derivative Instruments for additional information. 
 
 The following table stratifies the loans held for investment portfolio by the Company s internal risk grading, and by year of origination, as of December 31, 2023: 
 Term Loans by Vintage (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving Revolving Converted to Term During the Period Total December 31, 2023 Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied Pass Special mention Substandard Multifamily Pass Special mention Construction and land Pass SBA secured by real estate Pass Substandard Total investor loans secured by real estate 
 22 

Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied Pass Special mention Substandard Franchise real estate secured Pass Special mention Substandard SBA secured by real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Total loans secured by business real estate Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful and loss Franchise non-real estate secured Pass Special mention Substandard SBA non-real estate secured Pass Substandard Total commercial loans Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Retail loans Single family residential Pass Consumer loans Pass Total retail loans Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 Loans held for investment before basis adjustment (1) 
 Total Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Excludes the basis adjustment of million to the carrying amount of certain loans included in fair value hedging relationships. Refer to Note 11 Derivative Instruments for additional information. 
 23 

Multifamily Construction and land SBA secured by real estate Total investor loans secured by real estate Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied Franchise real estate secured SBA secured by real estate Total business loans secured by real estate Commercial loans Commercial and industrial Franchise non-real estate secured SBA not secured by real estate Total commercial loans Retail loans Single family residential Consumer loans Total retail loans Loans held for investment before basis adjustment (1) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied Multifamily Construction and land SBA secured by real estate Total investor loans secured by real estate Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied Franchise real estate secured SBA secured by real estate Total business loans secured by real estate Commercial loans Commercial and industrial Franchise non-real estate secured SBA not secured by real estate Total commercial loans Retail loans Single family residential Consumer loans Total retail loans Loans held for investment before basis adjustment (1) 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Excludes the basis adjustment of million and million to the carrying amount of certain loans included in fair value hedging relationships as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 11 Derivative Instruments for additional information. 
 (2) Nonaccrual loans are included in this aging analysis based on the loan s past due status. 
 
 24 

million of loans were individually evaluated with a ACL attributed to such loans. At September 30, 2024, million of individually evaluated loans were evaluated based on the underlying value of the collateral, and million were evaluated using a discounted cash flow approach. All individually evaluated loans were on nonaccrual status at September 30, 2024. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, million of loans were individually evaluated with no ACL attributed to such loans. At December 31, 2023, million of individually evaluated loans were evaluated based on the underlying value of the collateral, and million were evaluated using a discounted cash flow approach. All individually evaluated loans were on nonaccrual status at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The increase in individually evaluated loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by a single, diversified commercial banking relationship with CRE non-owner-occupied loans totaling million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Purchased Credit Deteriorated Loans 
 
 The Company analyzed acquired loans for more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since their origination. Such loans are classified as purchased credit deteriorated PCD loans. Please see Note 1 - Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our audited consolidated financial statements included in our 2023 Form 10-K for more information concerning the accounting for PCD loans. The Company had PCD loans of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Acquired loans classified as PCD are recorded at an initial amortized cost, which is comprised of the purchase price of the loans (or initial fair value) and the initial ACL determined for the loans, which is added to the purchase price, as well as any resulting discount or premium related to factors other than credit. The Company accounts for interest income on PCD loans using the interest method, whereby any purchase discounts or premiums are accreted or amortized into interest income as an adjustment of the loan s yield. Subsequent to acquisition, the ACL for PCD loans is measured in accordance with the Company s ACL methodology. Please also see Note 6 Allowance for Credit Losses for more information concerning the Company s ACL methodology. 

25 

million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. The increase in nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2024 was primarily the result of a single, diversified commercial banking relationship with CRE non-owner occupied loans totaling million, which were current as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company did not record income from the receipt of cash payments related to nonaccruing loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company had loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 SBA secured by real estate Total investor loans secured by real estate Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied Total business loans secured by real estate Commercial loans Commercial and industrial SBA non-real estate secured Total commercial loans Total nonaccrual loans 
 26 

SBA secured by real estate Total investor loans secured by real estate Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied Total business loans secured by real estate Commercial loans Commercial and industrial SBA non-real estate secured Total commercial loans Total nonaccrual loans 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) The ACL for nonaccrual loans is determined based on a discounted cash flow methodology unless the loan is considered collateral dependent; otherwise, the ACL for collateral dependent nonaccrual loans is determined based on the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. 
 
 Residential Real Estate Loans In Process of Foreclosure 
 
 The Company had consumer mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate property for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 There were loans modified as an MLTB during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to syndicated C I participation MLTBs during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 27 

Total commercial loans 
 
 The following table shows the amortized cost of the MLTBs by class and type of modification, as well as the percentage of the loans modified to the total class of loans at and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Combination of 
 Other-than-Insignificant Payment Delay and 
 Term Extension 
 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Percent of Total Class of Loans Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied Total investor loans secured by real estate 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Other-than-Insignificant Payment Delay (Dollars in thousands) Balance Percent of Total Class of Loans 
 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial Total commercial loans 
 
 The following table describes the financial effect of the loan modification made for the borrower experiencing financial difficulty during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Combination of 
 Other-than-Insignificant Payment Delay and 
 Term Extension 
 Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 
 Consolidated loans with varying maturities into a single loan that extended the weighted average maturity by months and years of interest only payments 

28 

year of interest-only payments 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no MLTBs that had a payment default and had been modified within the 12 months preceding the payment default (90 days or more past due). 

Total investor loans secured by real estate 
 September 30, 2023 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial Total commercial loans 
 
 29 

SBA secured by real estate Total investor loans secured by real estate Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied Total business loans secured by real estate Commercial loans Commercial and industrial SBA non-real estate secured Total commercial loans Total collateral dependent loans 
 
 December 31, 2023 Investor loan secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied SBA secured by real estate Total investor loans secured by real estate Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied Total business loans secured by real estate Commercial loans Commercial and industrial SBA non-real estate secured Total commercial loans Total collateral dependent loans 
 30 

Note 6 

31 

32 

33 

) Multifamily Construction and land SBA secured by real estate Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied ) Franchise real estate secured ) SBA secured by real estate ) Commercial loans Commercial and industrial ) ) Franchise non-real estate secured ) SBA non-real estate secured ) Retail loans Single family residential ) Consumer loans ) Totals ) ) 
 34 

) Multifamily ) Construction and land SBA secured by real estate ) Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied ) Franchise real estate secured ) ) SBA secured by real estate ) Commercial loans Commercial and industrial ) ) Franchise non-real estate secured ) ) SBA non-real estate secured ) ) Retail loans Single family residential ) Consumer loans ) Totals ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Beginning ACL Balance Charge-offs Recoveries Provision for Credit Losses Ending ACL Balance Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 
 ) Multifamily ) Construction and land SBA secured by real estate ) ) Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied Franchise real estate secured SBA secured by real estate ) Commercial loans Commercial and industrial ) ) Franchise non-real estate secured SBA non-real estate secured ) Retail loans Single family residential Consumer loans ) Totals ) 
 
 35 

) Multifamily ) ) Construction and land SBA secured by real estate ) ) Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied ) ) Franchise real estate secured SBA secured by real estate Commercial loans Commercial and industrial ) Franchise non-real estate secured ) SBA non-real estate secured ) Retail loans Single family residential ) Consumer loans ) Totals ) 
 
 The decrease in the ACL for loans held for investment during the three months ended September 30, 2024 of million was reflective of million in net charge-offs, and a reversal of provision for credit losses. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the ACL for loans held for investment decreased million, which was reflective of million in net charge-offs, partially offset by million in provision for credit losses. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the reversal of provision for credit losses was principally driven by declines in the balances of commercial loans and business loans secured by real estate. The reversal of provision for credit losses in these segments was partially offset by provision for credit losses in the investor loans secured by real estate segment, driven in large part by changes associated with economic forecasts and, partially offset by a decline in balances for loans within this segment. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the provision for credit losses was attributed in large part to the impact of changes in economic forecasts and the associated impact on investor loans secured by real estate, with the largest impact attributed to multifamily loans and CRE non-owner-occupied loans, as well as business loans secured by real estate. The provision for credit losses for loans within these segments attributable to the impact from changes in economic forecasts was partially offset by declines in the balances of those loans and changes in asset quality for investor loans secured by real estate. The provision for credit losses in these segments was partially offset by a reversal of provision for credit losses in the commercial loans segment, which was principally driven by declines in the balances for those loans. 
 
 Charge-offs during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were largely due to a million charge-off associated with the sale of CRE owner-occupied loan, as well as charge-offs of various other C I and consumer loans. In addition to the charge-offs recorded during the third quarter of 2024, charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were largely attributed to million in charge-offs related to the sale of a substandard multifamily loan and a substandard non-owner-occupied CRE loan during the second quarter of 2024, as well as million in charge-offs associated with the sale of various special mention and substandard CRE and franchise loans during the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 36 

million was reflective of million in net charge-offs, partially offset by million in provision for credit losses. The provision for credit losses during the three months ended September 30, 2023 was largely attributed to changes in economic forecasts, partially offset by a decrease in the balance of loans held for investment across various segments in the loan portfolio. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the ACL decreased million. The decline in the ACL during this period was reflective of million in net charge-offs, partially offset by million in provision for credit losses. The provision for credit losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was largely attributed to changes in economic forecasts, as well as changes in asset quality, partially offset by a decrease in loans held for investment across various segments in the loan portfolio. 
 
 Charge-offs during the three months ended September 30, 2023 were largely attributed to C I lending relationship that already had a specific reserve as well as syndicated C I loans to lending relationship that were modified with a partial charge-off. Charge-offs during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were largely attributed to C I lending relationships, CRE non-owner-occupied lending relationship, and CRE owner-occupied lending relationship. 

37 

million at September 30, 2024, an increase of from million at June 30, 2024, and a decrease of million from December 31, 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the provision expense for off-balance sheet commitments was largely attributable to slightly higher loss rates for C I loans, partially offset by a decrease in the balance of unfunded commitments during the quarter. The provision reversal for off-balance sheet commitments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was attributed largely to overall lower levels of unfunded commitments during the period. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the provision expense for off-balance sheet commitments of million was attributable, in large part, to changes in economic forecasts, partially offset by a decline in the balance of unfunded commitments. The provision expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was largely attributed to economic forecasts, partially offset by changes in the mix of unfunded commitments between various loan segments, and a decrease in the balance of unfunded commitments. 
 
 Provision for credit losses on off-balance sheet commitments ) Ending ACL balance 

Note 7 
 
 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company did record any adjustments to goodwill during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company s policy is to assess goodwill for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter of each year, and more frequently if events or circumstances lead management to believe the value of goodwill may be impaired. 
 
 38 

million at September 30, 2024, consisting of million in core deposit intangibles and million in customer relationship intangibles. At December 31, 2023, other intangibles assets were million, consisting of million in core deposit intangibles and million in customer relationship intangibles. 
 Additions due to acquisitions Ending balance Accumulated amortization: Beginning balance ) ) ) ) Amortization ) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) Net intangible assets 
 
 The Company amortizes core deposit intangibles and customer relationship intangibles based on the projected useful lives of the related deposits in the case of core deposit intangibles, and over the projected useful lives of the related client relationships in the case of customer relationship intangibles. The amortization periods typically range from six to . The estimated aggregate amortization expense related to our core deposit and customer relationship intangible assets for each of the next five years succeeding December 31, 2023, in order from the present, is million, million, million, million, and million. The Company s core deposit and customer relationship intangibles are evaluated annually for impairment or more frequently if events and circumstances lead management to believe their value may not be recoverable. The Company is unaware of any events and/or circumstances that would indicate the value of customer relationship intangible assets are impaired as of September 30, 2024. 

Note 8 
 
 subordinated notes with an aggregate carrying value of million with a weighted interest rate of , compared to million with a weighted interest rate of at December 31, 2023. The decrease of million was primarily due to the maturity of million of subordinated notes on September 3, 2024, partially offset by the amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 
 per annum 
 September 3, 2024 Subordinated notes due 2029, per annum until May 15, 2024, 3-month term SOFR + thereafter 
 May 15, 2029 Subordinated notes due 2030, per annum until June 15, 2025, 3-month term SOFR + thereafter 
 June 15, 2030 Total subordinated debentures 
 39 

Note 9 
 
 40 

Less: dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) Net income allocated to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted Net income allocated to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of share-based compensation Weighted average diluted common shares Diluted earnings per common share 
 Nine Months Ended (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Basic Net income Less: dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) Net income allocated to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted Net income allocated to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive effect of share-based compensation Weighted average diluted common shares Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 potential common shares that were anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were and weighted average common shares that were anti-dilutive. 
 
 41 

Note 10 
 
 42 

43 

Agency Corporate Collateralized mortgage obligations Total AFS investment securities Equity securities Derivative assets: Foreign exchange contracts Interest rate swaps (1) 
 Total derivative assets Financial liabilities Derivative liabilities: Foreign exchange Interest rate swaps Total derivative liabilities 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Represents amounts after the application of variation margin payments as settlements with central counterparties, where applicable. See Note 11 Derivative Instruments for additional information. 
 44 

Agency Corporate Collateralized mortgage obligations Total AFS investment securities Equity securities 
 Derivative assets: Foreign exchange contracts Interest rate swaps (1) 
 Total derivative assets Financial liabilities Derivative liabilities: Foreign exchange Interest rate swaps Total derivative liabilities 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Represents amounts after the application of variation margin payments as settlements with central counterparties, where applicable. See Note 11 Derivative Instruments for additional information. 
 
 Change in fair value (1) 
 ) ) Net exercise ) Ending balance 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) The changes in fair value are included in other income on the consolidated statement of income. 
 
 45 

to of the collateral value, that the Company expects would be incurred in the event of foreclosure. In addition to the discounts taken, the Company s calculation of net realizable value considered any other senior liens in place on the underlying collateral. For non-real estate loans, fair value of the loan s collateral may be determined using an appraisal, net book value per the borrower s financial statements, or aging reports, adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions, and management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company s individually evaluated collateral dependent loans were evaluated based on the fair value of their underlying collateral based upon the most recent appraisals available to management. The Company completed partial charge-offs on certain individually evaluated loans based on recent real estate or property appraisals and recorded the related reserves where applicable during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Total assets 
 December 31, 2023 Financial assets Collateral dependent loans Other real estate owned Total assets 
 46 

Fair value of collateral Cost to sell Total individually evaluated loans Total assets 
 December 31, 2023 Investor loans secured by real estate SBA secured by real estate (1) 
 Fair value of collateral Cost to sell Commercial loans Commercial and industrial Fair value of collateral Cost to sell Total individually evaluated loans Other real estate owned 
 Fair value of property Cost to sell Total assets 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) SBA loans that are collateralized by hotel/motel real property. 
 47 

Interest-bearing time deposits with financial institutions HTM investment securities AFS investment securities Equity securities Loans held for investment, net Derivative assets (1) 
 Accrued interest receivable Liabilities Deposit accounts Subordinated debentures Derivative liabilities (1) 
 Accrued interest payable 
 
 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Interest-bearing time deposits with financial institutions HTM investment securities AFS investment securities Equity securities 
 Loans held for investment, net Derivative assets (1) 
 Accrued interest receivable Liabilities Deposit accounts FHLB advances Subordinated debentures Derivative liabilities (1) 
 Accrued interest payable 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Represents amounts after the application of variation margin payments as settlements with central counterparties, where applicable. See Note 11 Derivative Instruments for additional information. 
 
 48 

Note 11 
 
 million associated with closed pools of fixed rate loans. In addition, a portfolio layer method fair value hedge with a notional amount of million matured during the three months ended September 30, 2024. When a portfolio layer method fair value hedge is discontinued, the hedged item is no longer adjusted for changes in the fair value of the hedged risk, also referred to as the basis adjustment. The basis adjustment, as of the date the fair value hedge is discontinued, is allocated on a proportionate basis to the remaining loans that previously comprised the closed pool. The basis adjustment is subsequently amortized or accreted into interest income using the interest method over the remaining lives of the individual loans. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of million and billion respectively, were designated as fair value hedges. 
 
 ) (2) 
 ) Total ) ) 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) These amounts were included in the amortized cost basis of closed portfolios of loans held for investment used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is the stated amount of assets in the closed portfolios anticipated to be outstanding for the designated hedge period. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amortized cost basis of the closed portfolios used in these hedging relationships was billion and billion, respectively, the cumulative basis adjustments associated with these hedging relationships was ) million and ) million, respectively, and the amounts of the designated hedged items were million and billion, respectively. 
 
 (2) At September 30, 2024, the balance included hedging adjustment on discontinued hedging relationships. 
 
 49 

in other assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. During 2023, the equity warrant assets were either settled or written off as the warrants were determined to not be exercisable until the underlying company s fair market value is greater than the value established in the warrant agreement. 
 50 

Total derivative designated as hedging instruments Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Interest rate swaps contracts Total derivative not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives Netting adjustments - cleared positions (1) 
 ) Total derivatives in the Statement of Financial Condition 
 December 31, 2023 Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities (Dollars in thousands) Notional Fair Value Notional Fair Value Derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments: Fair value hedge - interest rate swap contracts Total derivative designated as hedging instruments Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Interest rate swaps contracts Total derivative not designated as hedging instruments Total derivatives Netting adjustments - cleared positions (1) 
 Total derivatives in the Statement of Financial Condition 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Netting adjustments represents the variation margin payments that are considered legal settlements of derivative exposure and applied to net the fair value of the respective derivative contracts in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on the settle-to-market rule for cleared derivatives. 
 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Interest Income ) 
 51 

Interest rate products Other income ) ) ) Equity warrants Other income ) ) Total ) 
 52 

Note 12 
 
 ) Total ) Derivative liabilities: Interest rate swaps Total 
 December 31, 2023 Derivative assets: Interest rate swaps ) Total ) Derivative liabilities: Interest rate swaps Total 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Represents amounts after the application of variation margin payments as settlements with central counterparties, where applicable. 
 (2) Represents the fair value of securities pledged with counterparty bank. 
 (3) Represents cash collateral received from or pledged with counterparty bank. Amounts are limited to the derivative asset or liability balance and, accordingly, do not include excess collateral, if any, received or pledged. 
 
 53 

Note 13 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company determined it was not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs and did not consolidate its interests in VIEs. 
 
 Reimbursement obligation (2) 
 Affordable housing partnership: Other investments (3) 
 Unfunded equity commitments (2) 
 Total 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Included in investment securities AFS on the consolidated statement of financial condition. 
 (2) Included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial condition. 

Multifamily Loan Securitization 
 
 With respect to the securitization transaction with Freddie Mac discussed in Note 5 Loans Held for Investment , the Company s variable interests reside with the underlying Freddie Mac-issued guaranteed, structured pass-through certificates that were held as AFS investment securities at fair value as of September 30, 2024. Additionally, the Company has variable interests through a reimbursement agreement executed by Freddie Mac that obligates the Company to reimburse Freddie Mac for any defaulted contractual principal and interest payments identified after the ultimate resolution of the defaulted loans. Such reimbursement obligations are not to exceed of the original principal amount of the loans comprising the securitization pool. 
 
 As part of the securitization transaction, the Company released all servicing obligations and rights to Freddie Mac who was designated as the Master Servicer. In its capacity as Master Servicer, Freddie Mac can terminate the Company s role as sub-servicer and direct such responsibilities accordingly. In evaluating our variable interests and continuing involvement in the VIE, we determined that we do not have the power to make significant decisions or direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE s assets and liabilities. As sub-servicer of the loans, the Company does not have the authority to make significant decisions that influence the value of the VIE s net assets and, therefore, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE. As a result, we determined that the VIE associated with the multifamily securitization should not be included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 

54 

of the original principal amount of the loans comprising the securitization pool, or million. However, as the total outstanding principal amount of the underlying loans decreased below the aforementioned threshold, the maximum exposure declined to the total outstanding principal amount of the underlying loans of million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. Based upon our analysis of quantitative and qualitative data over the underlying loans included in the securitization pool, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our reserve for estimated losses with respect to the reimbursement obligation was . 
 
 Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Partnerships 
 
 The Company has variable interests through its affordable housing partnership investments. These investments are fundamentally designed to provide a return through the generation of income tax credits and other income tax benefits. The Company has evaluated its involvement with the low-income housing projects and determined it does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over or participate in the decision-making activities related to the management of the projects, and therefore, is not the primary beneficiary, and does not consolidate these interests. 

million and million, respectively, and are included in other assets in the consolidated statements of financial position. 
 
 55 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total unfunded commitments 
 
 The following table presents income tax credits and other income tax benefits, as well as amortization expense, associated with investments in qualified affordable housing partnerships where the proportional amortization method of accounting has been applied for the periods indicated. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Tax credit and other tax benefits recognized (1) 
 Amortization of investments (1) 
 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Amounts for income tax credits and other income tax benefits, as well as amortization of investments, are included in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income, and net change in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated statements of cash flows, for the periods presented above. 
 
 non-income-tax-related activity associated with tax equity investments recorded outside of income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, non-income-tax-related income of associated with a tax equity investment was included in other income in the consolidated statements of income as well as net change in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated statements of cash flows. There was non-income-tax-related activity associated with tax equity investments recorded outside of income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. There were impairment losses recorded on tax equity investments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Note 15 

per share, payable on November 12, 2024 to stockholders of record as of November 4, 2024. 

56 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 All references to we, us, our, Pacific Premier, or the Company mean Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries, including Pacific Premier Bank, our primary operating subsidiary. All references to the Bank refer to Pacific Premier Bank. All references to the Corporation refer to Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains information and statements that are considered forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements represent plans, estimates, objectives, goals, guidelines, expectations, intentions, projections, and statements of our beliefs concerning future events, business plans, objectives, expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based. Forward-looking statements include without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or achievements and are typically identified with words such as may, could, should, will, would, believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan, or words or phrases of similar meaning. 
 
 We caution that the forward-looking statements are based largely on our expectations and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based on factors, which are, in many instances, beyond our control. Actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 
 The following factors, among others, could cause our financial performance to differ materially from that expressed in such forward-looking statements: 
 
 The strength of the United States U.S. economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which we conduct operations; 
 Adverse developments in the banking industry and the potential impact of such developments on customer confidence, liquidity, and regulatory responses to these developments; 
 The effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary, and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve 
 Interest rate, liquidity, economic, market, credit, operational, and inflation risks associated with our business, including the speed and predictability of changes in these risks; 
 Our ability to attract and retain deposits and to access other sources of liquidity, particularly in a rising or high interest rate environment, and the quality and composition of our deposits; 
 Business and economic conditions generally and in the financial services industry, nationally and within our current and future geographic markets, including the tight labor market, ineffective management of the U.S. Federal budget or debt, or turbulence or uncertainty in domestic or foreign financial markets; 
 The effect of acquisitions we have made or may make, including, without limitation, the failure to achieve the expected revenue growth and/or expense savings from such acquisitions, and/or the failure to effectively integrate an acquisition target into our operations; 
 The timely development of competitive new products and services and the acceptance of these products and services by new and existing customers; 
 Possible impairment charges to goodwill, including any impairment that may result from increased volatility in our stock price; 
 The impact of changes in financial services policies, laws, and regulations, including those concerning taxes, banking, securities, and insurance, and the application thereof by regulatory bodies; 
 Compliance risks, including any increased costs of monitoring, testing, and maintaining compliance with complex laws and regulations; 
 The effectiveness of our risk management framework and quantitative models; 
 57 

The effect of changes in accounting policies and practices or accounting standards, as may be adopted from time to time by bank regulatory agencies, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ), the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), or other accounting standards setters; 
 Possible credit-related impairments of securities held by us; 
 Changes in the level of our nonperforming assets and charge-offs; 
 The impact of governmental efforts to restructure the U.S. financial regulatory system; 
 The impact of recent or future changes in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC insurance assessment rate or the rules and regulations related to the calculation of the FDIC insurance assessment amount, including any special assessments; 
 Changes in consumer spending, borrowing, and savings habits; 
 The effects of concentrations in our loan portfolio, including commercial real estate, and the risks of geographic and industry concentrations; 
 The possibility that we may reduce or discontinue the payments of dividends on our common stock; 
 The possibility that we may discontinue, reduce, or otherwise limit the level of repurchases of our common stock we may make from time to time pursuant to our stock repurchase program; 
 Changes in the financial performance and/or condition of our borrowers; 
 Changes in the competitive environment among financial and bank holding companies and other financial service providers; 
 Geopolitical conditions, including acts or threats of terrorism, actions taken by the U.S. or other governments in response to acts or threats of terrorism and/or military conflicts, including the war between Russia and Ukraine, Israel and Hamas, and overall tensions in the Middle East, and trade tensions, all of which could impact business and economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad; 
 Public health crises and pandemics and their effects on the economic and business environments in which we operate, including on our credit quality and business operations, as well as the impact on general economic and financial market conditions; 
 Cybersecurity threats and the cost of defending against them; 
 Climate change, including the enhanced regulatory, compliance, credit, and reputational risks and costs; 
 Natural disasters, earthquakes, fires, and severe weather; 
 Unanticipated regulatory, legal, or judicial proceedings; and 
 Our ability to manage the risks involved in the foregoing. 
 
 If one or more of the factors affecting our forward-looking information and statements proves incorrect, then our actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking information and statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other reports and registration statements filed by us with the SEC. Therefore, we caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking information and statements. We will not update the forward-looking information and statements to reflect actual results or changes in the factors affecting the forward-looking information and statements. For information on the factors that could cause actual results to differ from the expectations stated in the forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors under Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K in addition to Part II, Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other reports as filed with the SEC. 
 
 Forward-looking information and statements should not be viewed as predictions, and should not be the primary basis upon which investors evaluate us. Any investor in our common stock should consider all risks and uncertainties disclosed in our filings with the SEC, all of which are accessible on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 58 

GENERAL 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to provide a better understanding of the significant changes in trends relating to the Company s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and capital resources. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our 2023 Form 10-K, plus the unaudited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 
 The Corporation is a California-based bank holding company incorporated in 1997 in the state of Delaware and registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA ). Our wholly owned subsidiary, Pacific Premier Bank, is a California state-chartered commercial bank. The Bank was founded in 1983 as a state-chartered thrift and subsequently converted to a federally-chartered thrift in 1991. The Bank converted to a California-chartered commercial bank and became a member of the Federal Reserve System in March 2007. The Bank s deposits are insured by the FDIC through the Deposit Insurance Fund. The Bank is also a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco FHLB ), which is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System. As a bank holding company, the Corporation is subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve and the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco FRB ). The Federal Reserve may conduct examinations of bank holding companies, such as the Corporation, and its subsidiaries. The Corporation is also a bank holding company within the meaning of the California Financial Code. As such, the Corporation and its subsidiaries are subject to the supervision and examination by, and may be required to file reports with, the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation DFPI ). 
 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Irvine, California. At September 30, 2024, we primarily conducted business throughout the Western Region of the United States from our 58 full-service depository branches located in California, Washington, Oregon, Arizona, and Nevada. 
 
 In support of our organic and strategic growth strategy we have developed a variety of banking products and services within our targeted markets in the Western U.S. tailored to small- and middle-market businesses, corporations, including the owners and employees of those businesses, professionals, entrepreneurs, real estate investors, and non-profit organizations, as well as consumers in the communities we serve. Through our branches and our website, www.ppbi.com, we provide a wide array of banking products and services such as: various types of deposit accounts, digital banking, treasury management services, online bill payment, and a wide array of loan products, including commercial business loans, lines of credit, Small Business Administration SBA loans, commercial real estate CRE loans, agribusiness loans, quick-service restaurant franchise lending, home equity lines of credit, and construction loans throughout the Western U.S. in major metropolitan markets within Arizona, California, Nevada, Oregon, and Washington. We also offer enhanced nationwide specialty banking products and services for Homeowners Associations HOA and HOA management companies, as well as experienced owner-operator franchisees in the QSR industry. Our specialty products and services offerings include commercial escrow and exchange services through our Commerce Escrow division, which provides a variety of real-property and non-real property escrow services, including the facilitation of Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, as well as custodial services through our Pacific Premier Trust division for clients with alternative assets held in qualified self-directed IRA accounts, including investments in private equity, real estate, notes, cash, and other non-exchange traded assets. 
 
 The Bank funds its lending and investment activities with retail and commercial deposits obtained through its branches, advances from the FHLB, lines of credit, and wholesale and brokered certificates of deposit. 
 
 Our principal source of income is the net spread between interest earned on loans and investments and the interest costs associated with deposits and borrowings used to finance the loan and investment portfolios. Additionally, the Bank generates fee income from loan and investment sales, and various products and services offered to depository, loan, escrow, and IRA custodial clients. 
 
 59 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 Management has established various accounting policies that govern the application of GAAP in the preparation of our financial statements. Certain accounting policies require management to make estimates and assumptions that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities as well as the Company s results of operations, which management considers to be critical accounting policies. The estimates and assumptions management uses are based on historical experience and other factors, which management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from these estimates and assumptions, which could have a material impact on the carrying value of the Company s assets and liabilities as well as the Company s results of operations in future reporting periods. The Company s critical accounting policies consist of the allowance for credit losses on loans and off-balance sheet commitments, as well as goodwill. Please see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K for additional discussion concerning these critical accounting policies. Also, our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the audited consolidated financial statements in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 60 

NON-GAAP MEASURES 
 
 The Company uses certain non-GAAP financial measures to provide meaningful supplemental information regarding the Company s operational performance and to enhance investors overall understanding of such financial performance. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s financial performance, financial position, or cash flows that exclude (or include) amounts that are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. However, these non-GAAP financial measures are supplemental and are not a substitute for an analysis based on GAAP measures and may not be comparable to non-GAAP financial measures that may be presented by other companies. 

For periods presented below, return on average assets ROAA excluding the FDIC special assessment is a non-GAAP financial measure derived from GAAP based amounts. We calculate this figure by excluding the FDIC special assessment and the related tax impact from net income. Management believes that the exclusion of such nonrecurring items from this financial measure provides useful information to gain an understanding of the operating results of our core business and a better comparison of financial performance. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 
 35,979 41,905 46,030 124,909 166,228 Add: FDIC special assessment (68) (161) 294 Less: tax adjustment (1) 
 (19) (45) 84 Adjusted net income for average assets 35,930 41,789 46,030 125,119 166,228 Average assets 18,242,413 18,595,683 20,805,787 18,622,771 21,179,669 ROAA (annualized) 0.79 0.90 0.88 0.89 1.05 Adjusted ROAA (annualized) 0.79 0.90 0.88 0.90 1.05 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Adjusted by statutory tax rate. 
 
 61 

For periods presented below, return on average tangible common equity ROATCE is a non-GAAP financial measure derived from GAAP-based amounts. We calculate this figure by excluding amortization of intangible assets expense from net income and excluding the average intangible assets and average goodwill from the average stockholders' equity during the periods indicated. Management believes that the exclusion of such items from this financial measure provides useful information to gain an understanding of the operating results of our core business. The adjusted net income, adjusted return on average equity ROAE ), and adjusted ROATCE further exclude the nonrecurring items to provide a better comparison to the financial results of prior periods. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 35,979 41,905 46,030 124,909 166,228 Plus: amortization of intangible assets expense 2,762 2,763 3,055 8,361 9,281 Less: tax adjustment (1) 
 781 781 868 2,363 2,638 Net income for average tangible common equity 37,960 43,887 48,217 130,907 172,871 Add: FDIC special assessment (68) (161) 294 Less: tax adjustment (1) 
 (19) (45) 84 Adjusted net income for average tangible common equity 37,911 43,771 48,217 131,117 172,871 Average stockholders equity 2,929,160 2,908,015 2,861,965 2,911,107 2,842,718 Less: average intangible assets 36,570 39,338 48,150 39,337 51,191 Less: average goodwill 901,312 901,312 901,312 901,312 901,312 Average tangible common equity 1,991,278 1,967,365 1,912,503 1,970,458 1,890,215 ROAE (annualized) 4.91 5.76 6.43 5.72 7.80 Adjusted ROAE (annualized) 4.91 5.75 6.43 5.73 7.80 ROATCE (annualized) 7.63 8.92 10.08 8.86 12.19 Adjusted ROATCE (annualized) 7.62 8.90 10.08 8.87 12.19 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Amortization of intangible assets expense adjusted by statutory tax rate . 
 
 62 

Tangible book value per share and tangible common equity to tangible assets (the tangible common equity ratio are non-GAAP financial measures derived from GAAP-based amounts. We calculate tangible book value per share by dividing tangible common stockholders equity by shares outstanding. We calculate the tangible common equity ratio by excluding the balance of intangible assets from common stockholders equity and dividing by period end tangible assets, which also excludes intangible assets. We believe that this information is important to shareholders as tangible equity is a measure that is consistent with the calculation of capital for bank regulatory purposes, which excludes intangible assets from the calculation of risk-based ratios. 
 
 September 30, December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Total stockholders equity 2,943,937 2,882,581 Less: intangible assets 936,236 944,597 Tangible common equity 2,007,701 1,937,984 Total assets 17,909,643 19,026,645 Less: intangible assets 936,236 944,597 Tangible assets 16,973,407 18,082,048 Tangible common equity ratio 11.83 10.72 Common shares issued and outstanding 96,462,767 95,860,092 Book value per share 30.52 30.07 Less: intangible book value per share 9.71 9.85 Tangible book value per share 20.81 20.22 
 
 63 

Efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure derived from GAAP-based amounts. This figure represents the ratio of noninterest expense, less amortization of intangible assets and other real estate owned operations, where applicable, to the sum of net interest income before provision for credit losses and total noninterest income less gain from investment securities, (loss) gain from other real estate owned, and gain from debt extinguishment. The adjusted efficiency ratio further excludes the FDIC special assessment to provide a better comparison to the financial results of prior periods. Management believes that the exclusion of such items from this financial measure provides useful information to gain an understanding of the operating results of our core business. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total noninterest expense 101,645 97,567 102,185 301,845 304,181 Less: amortization of intangible assets 2,762 2,763 3,055 8,361 9,281 Less: other real estate owned operations, net 1 (4) 47 112 Adjusted noninterest expense 98,882 94,804 99,134 293,437 294,788 Less: FDIC special assessment (68) (161) 294 Adjusted noninterest expense excluding FDIC special assessment 98,950 94,965 99,134 293,143 294,788 Net interest income before provision for credit losses 130,898 136,394 149,548 412,419 478,250 Add: total noninterest income 
 18,867 18,222 18,551 62,863 60,276 Less: net gain from sales of investment securities 
 138 Less: net (loss) gain from other real estate owned 
 (28) (28) 106 Less: net gain from debt extinguishment 203 5,270 Adjusted revenue 149,562 154,644 168,099 470,040 538,282 Efficiency ratio 66.1 61.3 59.0 62.4 54.8 Adjusted efficiency ratio excluding FDIC special assessment 66.2 61.4 59.0 62.4 54.8 
 
 64 

Pre-provision net revenue is a non-GAAP financial measure derived from GAAP-based amounts. We calculate the pre-provision net revenue by excluding income tax and provision for credit losses from net income. The adjusted pre-provision net income further excludes the FDIC special assessment to provide a better comparison of financial performance. Management believes that the exclusion of such items from this financial measure provides useful information to gain an understanding of the operating results of our core business and a better comparison to the financial results of prior periods. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income 205,626 208,054 224,062 627,111 670,793 Interest expense 74,728 71,660 74,514 214,692 192,543 Net interest income 130,898 136,394 149,548 412,419 478,250 Noninterest income 
 18,867 18,222 18,551 62,863 60,276 Revenue 
 149,765 154,616 168,099 475,282 538,526 Noninterest expense 101,645 97,567 102,185 301,845 304,181 Pre-provision net revenue 
 48,120 57,049 65,914 173,437 234,345 Add: FDIC special assessment (68) (161) 294 Adjusted pre-provision net revenue 48,052 56,888 65,914 173,731 234,345 Pre-provision net revenue (annualized) 
 192,480 228,196 263,656 231,249 312,460 Adjusted pre-provision net revenue (annualized) 192,208 227,552 263,656 231,641 312,460 Average assets 18,242,413 18,595,683 20,805,787 18,622,771 21,179,669 Pre-provision net revenue to average assets 
 0.26 0.31 0.32 0.93 1.11 Pre-provision net revenue to average assets (annualized) 
 1.06 1.23 1.27 1.24 1.48 Adjusted pre-provision net revenue on average assets 0.26 0.31 0.32 0.93 1.11 Adjusted pre-provision net revenue on average assets (annualized) 1.05 1.22 1.27 1.24 1.48 
 
 65 

Cost of non-maturity deposits is a non-GAAP financial measure derived from GAAP-based amounts. Cost of non-maturity deposits is calculated as the ratio of non-maturity deposit interest expense to average non-maturity deposits. We calculate non-maturity deposit interest expense by excluding interest expense for all certificates of deposit from total deposit expense, and we calculate average non-maturity deposits by excluding all certificates of deposit from total deposits. Management believes the cost of non-maturity deposits is a useful measure to assess the Company's deposit base, including its potential volatility. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Total deposits interest expense 67,898 64,229 62,718 191,633 156,532 Less: certificates of deposit interest expense 23,202 21,115 13,398 63,392 31,479 Less: brokered certificates of deposit interest expense 5,484 6,506 19,174 18,659 51,099 Non-maturity deposit expense 39,212 36,608 30,146 109,582 73,954 Total average deposits 14,655,478 14,941,573 16,543,917 14,883,431 16,912,012 Less: average certificates of deposit 1,944,685 1,830,516 1,439,531 1,834,712 1,311,737 Less: average brokered certificates of deposit 448,820 542,699 1,611,726 519,870 1,608,442 Average non-maturity deposits 12,261,973 12,568,358 13,492,660 12,528,849 13,991,833 Cost of non-maturity deposits 1.27 1.17 0.89 1.17 0.71 
 66 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following table presents the components of results of operations, share data, and performance ratios for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, June 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (Dollar in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating data Interest income 205,626 208,054 224,062 627,111 670,793 Interest expense 74,728 71,660 74,514 214,692 192,543 Net interest income 130,898 136,394 149,548 412,419 478,250 Provision for credit losses 486 1,265 3,918 5,603 8,433 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 130,412 135,129 145,630 406,816 469,817 Net gain from sales of loans 
 47 65 45 112 419 Other noninterest income 
 18,820 18,157 18,506 62,751 59,857 Noninterest expense 101,645 97,567 102,185 301,845 304,181 Net income before income taxes 
 47,634 55,784 61,996 167,834 225,912 Income tax expense 11,655 13,879 15,966 42,925 59,684 Net income 
 35,979 41,905 46,030 124,909 166,228 Pre-provision net revenue (1) 
 48,120 57,049 65,914 173,437 234,345 Share data Earnings per share: Basic 0.37 0.43 0.48 1.30 1.74 Diluted 0.37 0.43 0.48 1.30 1.74 Common equity dividends declared per share 0.33 0.33 0.33 0.99 0.99 Dividend payout ratio (2) 
 88.45 75.94 68.76 76.30 56.94 Book value per share 30.52 30.32 29.78 30.52 29.78 Tangible book value per share (1) 
 20.81 20.58 19.89 20.81 19.89 Performance ratios ROAA (3) 
 0.79 0.90 0.88 0.89 1.05 Adjusted ROAA (1)(3) 
 0.79 0.90 0.88 0.90 1.05 ROAE (3) 
 4.91 5.76 6.43 5.72 7.80 Adjusted ROAE (1)(3) 
 4.91 5.75 6.43 5.73 7.80 ROATCE (1)(3) 
 7.63 8.92 10.08 8.86 12.19 Adjusted ROATCE (1)(3) 
 7.62 8.90 10.08 8.87 12.19 Pre-provision net revenue on average assets (1)(3) 
 1.06 1.23 1.27 1.24 1.48 Adjusted pre-provision net revenue on average assets (1)(3) 
 1.05 1.22 1.27 1.24 1.48 Net interest margin 3.16 3.26 3.12 3.27 3.30 Cost of deposits 1.84 1.73 1.50 1.72 1.24 Average equity to average assets 16.06 15.64 13.76 15.63 13.42 Efficiency ratio (1) 
 66.1 61.3 59.0 62.4 54.8 Adjusted efficiency ratio excluding FDIC special assessment (1) 
 66.2 61.4 59.0 62.4 54.8 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures are set forth in the Non-GAAP measures section of Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis o f Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 (2) Dividend payout ratio is defined as common equity dividends declared per share divided by basic earnings per share. 
 (3) Ratio is annualized. 
 
 67 

In the third quarter of 2024, we reported net income of 36.0 million, or 0.37 per diluted share, compared to net income of 41.9 million, or 0.43 per diluted share, for the second quarter of 2024. The decrease in net income was primarily due to a 5.5 million decrease in net interest income and a 4.1 million increase in noninterest expense, partially offset by a 2.2 million decrease in income tax expense, a 779,000 decrease in the provision for credit losses, and a 645,000 increase in noninterest income. 
 
 Net income of 36.0 million, or 0.37 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2024 compared to net income for the third quarter of 2023 of 46.0 million, or 0.48 per diluted share. The decrease in net income was primarily due to an 18.7 million decrease in net interest income, partially offset by a 4.3 million decrease in income tax expense, a 3.4 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, a 540,000 decrease in noninterest expense, and a 316,000 increase in noninterest income. 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, the Company s ROAA was 0.79 , ROAE was 4.91 , and ROATCE was 7.63 , compared to 0.90 , 5.76 , and 8.92 , respectively, for the second quarter of 2024, and 0.88 , 6.43 , and 10.08 , respectively, for the third quarter of 2023. For additional details, see Non-GAAP measures presented under Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we reported net income of 124.9 million, or 1.30 per diluted share, compared to net income of 166.2 million, or 1.74 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net income of 41.3 million was mostly due to a 65.8 million decrease in net interest income, partially offset by a 16.8 million decrease in income tax expense, a 2.8 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, a 2.6 million increase in noninterest income, and a 2.3 million decrease in noninterest expense. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s ROAA was 0.89 , ROAE was 5.72 , and ROATCE was 8.86 , compared to 1.05 , 7.80 , and 12.19 , respectively for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For additional details, see Non-GAAP measures presented under Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 
 68 

Net Interest Income 
 
 Our primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between the interest earned on loans, investment securities, and interest-earning balances with financial institutions interest-earning assets and the interest paid on deposits and borrowings interest-bearing liabilities ). Net interest margin is net interest income expressed as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. Net interest income is affected by changes in both interest rates and the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 Net interest income totaled 130.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 5.5 million, or 4.0 , from the second quarter of 2024. The decrease was primarily attributable to lower average loan balances and a higher cost of funds as borrowers continued deploying excess cash reserves to pay down and pay off higher-yielding commercial loan balances. 
 
 The net interest margin for the third quarter of 2024 decreased 10 basis points to 3.16 , from 3.26 in the prior quarter. The decrease was primarily due to a higher cost of funds as the cost of deposits increased 11 basis points from the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 Net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 decreased 18.7 million, or 12.5 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was attributable to lower average interest-earning asset balances and a higher cost of funds, partially offset by lower average interest-bearing liabilities balances and higher yields on average interest-earning assets, all the result of the prolonged higher interest rate environment in the past twelve months and the Company's balance sheet management strategies to prioritize capital accumulation. 
 
 For the nine months ended 2024, net interest income decreased 65.8 million, or 13.8 , compared to the nine months ended 2023. The decrease was driven by a decrease in average interest-earning assets of 2.54 billion and a higher cost of funds, partially offset by higher average interest-earning assets yields, primarily attributable to the benefit from the securities repositioning to higher-yielding available-for-sale AFS Treasury securities during the fourth quarter of 2023, and lower average interest-bearing liabilities balances of 1.35 billion. 
 69 

The following table presents the net interest margin, average balances calculated based on daily average, interest income and yields earned on average interest-earning assets and interest expense and rates paid on average interest-bearing liabilities, and the average yield/rate by asset and liability component for the periods indicated: 
 Average Balance Sheet Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Assets Interest-earning assets: Cash and cash equivalents 1,098,455 13,346 4.83 1,134,736 13,666 4.84 1,695,508 21,196 4.96 Investment securities 3,145,214 28,871 3.67 2,964,909 26,841 3.62 3,828,766 25,834 2.70 Loans receivable, net (1)(2) 
 12,247,435 163,409 5.31 12,724,545 167,547 5.30 13,475,194 177,032 5.21 Total interest-earning assets 16,491,104 205,626 4.96 16,824,190 208,054 4.97 18,999,468 224,062 4.68 Noninterest-earning assets 1,751,309 1,771,493 1,806,319 Total assets 18,242,413 18,595,683 20,805,787 Liabilities and equity Interest-bearing deposits: Interest checking 2,707,440 10,848 1.59 2,747,972 10,177 1.49 2,649,203 10,849 1.62 Money market 4,607,486 28,118 2.43 4,724,572 26,207 2.23 4,512,740 19,182 1.69 Savings 263,570 246 0.37 271,812 224 0.33 329,684 115 0.14 Retail certificates of deposit 1,944,685 23,202 4.75 1,830,516 21,115 4.64 1,439,531 13,398 3.69 Wholesale/brokered certificates of deposit 448,820 5,484 4.86 542,699 6,506 4.82 1,611,726 19,174 4.72 Total interest-bearing deposits 9,972,001 67,898 2.71 10,117,571 64,229 2.55 10,542,884 62,718 2.36 FHLB advances and other borrowings 128,413 1,511 4.68 200,154 2,330 4.68 800,049 7,235 3.59 Subordinated debentures 313,990 5,319 6.70 332,097 5,101 6.14 331,607 4,561 5.50 Total borrowings 442,403 6,830 6.12 532,251 7,431 5.59 1,131,656 11,796 4.15 Total interest-bearing liabilities 10,414,404 74,728 2.85 10,649,822 71,660 2.71 11,674,540 74,514 2.53 Noninterest-bearing deposits 4,683,477 4,824,002 6,001,033 Other liabilities 215,372 213,844 268,249 Total liabilities 15,313,253 15,687,668 17,943,822 Stockholders equity 2,929,160 2,908,015 2,861,965 Total liabilities and equity 18,242,413 18,595,683 20,805,787 Net interest income 130,898 136,394 149,548 Net interest margin (3) 
 3.16 3.26 3.12 Cost of deposits (4) 
 1.84 1.73 1.50 Cost of funds (5) 
 1.97 1.86 1.67 Cost of non-maturity deposits (6) 
 1.27 1.17 0.89 Ratio of interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 158.35 157.98 162.74 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Average balance includes loans held for sale and nonperforming loans and is net of deferred loan origination fees/costs and discounts/premiums, and the basis adjustment of certain loans included in fair value hedging relationships, where applicable. 
 (2) Interest income includes net discount accretion of 2.6 million, 2.3 million, and 2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Represents annualized net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 (4) Represents annualized interest expense on deposits divided by the sum of average interest-bearing deposits and noninterest-bearing deposits. 
 (5) Represents annualized total interest expense divided by the sum of average total interest-bearing liabilities and noninterest-bearing deposits. 
 (6) Reconciliation of the Non-GAAP measures presented under Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysi s of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 70 

Average Balance Sheet Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Average Yield/Cost Assets Interest-earning assets: Cash and cash equivalents 1,124,604 40,650 4.83 1,489,404 51,390 4.61 Investment securities 3,019,890 82,530 3.64 3,972,437 78,561 2.64 Loans receivable, net (1)(2) 
 12,705,329 503,931 5.30 13,929,002 540,842 5.19 Total interest-earning assets 16,849,823 627,111 4.97 19,390,843 670,793 4.63 Noninterest-earning assets 1,772,948 1,788,826 Total assets 18,622,771 21,179,669 Liabilities and equity Interest-bearing deposits: Interest checking 2,764,373 30,928 1.49 2,800,181 25,350 1.21 Money market 4,655,889 77,957 2.24 4,714,727 47,879 1.36 Savings 274,333 697 0.34 377,928 725 0.26 Retail certificates of deposit 1,834,712 63,392 4.62 1,311,737 31,479 3.21 Wholesale/brokered certificates of deposit 519,870 18,659 4.79 1,608,442 51,099 4.25 Total interest-bearing deposits 10,049,177 191,633 2.55 10,813,015 156,532 1.94 FHLB advances and other borrowings 281,919 8,078 3.83 861,940 22,328 3.46 Subordinated debentures 325,963 14,981 6.10 331,452 13,683 5.50 Total borrowings 607,882 23,059 5.05 1,193,392 36,011 4.03 Total interest-bearing liabilities 10,657,059 214,692 2.69 12,006,407 192,543 2.14 Noninterest-bearing deposits 4,834,254 6,098,997 Other liabilities 220,351 231,547 Total liabilities 15,711,664 18,336,951 Stockholders equity 2,911,107 2,842,718 Total liabilities and equity 18,622,771 21,179,669 Net interest income 412,419 478,250 Net interest margin (3) 
 3.27 3.30 Cost of deposits (4) 
 1.72 1.24 Cost of funds (5) 
 1.85 1.42 Cost of non-maturity deposits (6) 
 1.17 0.71 Ratio of interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 158.11 161.50 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Average balance includes loans held for sale and nonperforming loans and is net of deferred loan origination fees/costs and discounts/premiums, and the basis adjustment of certain loans included in fair value hedging relationships, where applicable. 
 (2) Interest income includes net discount accretion of 7.0 million and 7.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Represents net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 (4) Represents annualized interest expense on deposits divided by the sum of average interest-bearing deposits and noninterest-bearing deposits. 
 (5) Represents annualized total interest expense divided by the sum of average total interest-bearing liabilities and noninterest-bearing deposits. 
 (6) Reconciliation of the Non-GAAP measures presented under Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysi s of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 71 

Changes in our net interest income are a function of changes in volume and rates of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in net interest income that are not a function of changes in volume and rates of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities are allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. The following tables present the impact that the volume and rate changes have had on our net interest income for the periods indicated. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, we have provided information on changes to our net interest income with respect to: 
 
 Changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate); 
 Changes in interest rates (changes in interest rates multiplied by prior volume and includes the recognition of discounts/premiums and deferred fees/costs); and 
 The net change or the combined impact of volume and rate changes allocated proportionately to changes in volume and changes in interest rates. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Increase (Decrease) Due to (Dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Net Interest-earning assets Cash and cash equivalents (294) (26) (320) Investment securities 1,651 379 2,030 Loans receivable, net (4,415) 277 (4,138) Total interest-earning assets (3,058) 630 (2,428) Interest-bearing liabilities Interest checking (179) 850 671 Money market (747) 2,658 1,911 Savings (8) 30 22 Retail certificates of deposit 1,523 564 2,087 Wholesale/brokered certificates of deposit (1,073) 51 (1,022) FHLB advances and other borrowings (819) (819) Subordinated debentures (326) 544 218 Total interest-bearing liabilities (1,629) 4,697 3,068 Decrease in net interest income (1,429) (4,067) (5,496) 
 72 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Increase (Decrease) Due to (Dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Net Interest-earning assets Cash and cash equivalents (7,308) (542) (7,850) Investment securities (2,982) 6,019 3,037 Loans receivable, net (17,059) 3,436 (13,623) Total interest-earning assets (27,349) 8,913 (18,436) Interest-bearing liabilities Interest checking 221 (222) (1) Money market 408 8,528 8,936 Savings (17) 148 131 Retail certificates of deposit 5,405 4,399 9,804 Wholesale/brokered certificates of deposit (14,280) 590 (13,690) FHLB advances and other borrowings (8,986) 3,262 (5,724) Subordinated debentures (238) 996 758 Total interest-bearing liabilities (17,487) 17,701 214 Decrease in net interest income 
 (9,862) (8,788) (18,650) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Increase (Decrease) Due to (Dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Net Interest-earning assets Cash and cash equivalents (13,269) 2,529 (10,740) Investment securities (6,684) 10,653 3,969 Loans receivable, net (48,171) 11,260 (36,911) Total interest-earning assets (68,124) 24,442 (43,682) Interest-bearing liabilities Interest checking (321) 5,899 5,578 Money market (591) 30,669 30,078 Savings (231) 203 (28) Retail certificates of deposit 15,219 16,694 31,913 Wholesale/brokered certificates of deposit (40,039) 7,599 (32,440) FHLB advances and other borrowings (16,896) 2,646 (14,250) Subordinated debentures (192) 1,490 1,298 Total interest-bearing liabilities (43,051) 65,200 22,149 Decrease in net interest income 
 (25,073) (40,758) (65,831) 
 73 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a total provision for credit losses of 486,000, consisting of a 249,000 reversal of provision expense for loans held for investment, a 760,000 provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments, and a 25,000 reversal of provision expense for HTM securities. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a total provision for credit losses of 1.3 million, consisting of a 1.8 million provision for credit losses for loans held for investment, a 505,000 reversal of provision expense for unfunded commitments, and a 14,000 provision for credit losses for HTM securities. For the third quarter of 2023, the Company recorded a total provision for credit losses of 3.9 million, consisting of a 2.5 million provision for credit losses for loans held for investment, a 1.4 million provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments, and a 15,000 provision for credit losses for HTM securities. 
 
 The reversal of provision expense for loans held for investment during the third quarter of 2024 was principally driven by a reversal of provision for credit losses for commercial loans and business loans secured by real estate, offset by provision for credit losses for investor loans secured by real estate. The reversal of provision expense for commercial loans totaled 7.5 million, and was largely due to declines in the balances of C I loans, as well as changes associated with economic forecasts for loans within this segment. The reversal of provision expense for business loans secured by real estate loans totaled 1.6 million, driven by a decline in the loan balances within this segment. The provision for credit losses for investor loans secured by real estate totaled 8.8 million, and was primarily attributed to changes in economic forecasts for multifamily loans within this segment, partially offset by declines in balances of multifamily and other loans within this segment. 
 
 The provision for credit losses for off-balance sheet commitments during the third quarter of 2024 was attributable, in large part, to changes in economic forecasts for C I loans, partially offset by a decrease in the balance of unfunded commitments. The reversal of provision expense for HTM securities during the third quarter of 2024 was due to the changes in economic forecasts and their impact on HTM securities classified as municipal bonds. 
 
 For the second quarter of 2024, the provision for credit losses for loans held for investment was principally driven by a 10.6 million provision for credit losses for investor loans secured by real estate. The provision for credit losses for loans in this segment was largely due to changes associated with economic forecasts and the impact on multifamily loans, partially offset by improved asset quality for loans in this segment, as well as the impact of loan duration for construction loans. The reversal of provision for credit losses for commercial loan losses totaled 8.6 million, and can be attributed largely to the declines in the balances of franchise non-real estate secured and C I loans. The reversal of provision expense for unfunded commitments for the second quarter of 2024 was attributable, in large part, to changes in economic forecasts, partially offset by a slight increase in unfunded commitments. The provision for credit losses for HTM securities was due to the changes in economic forecasts and their impact on HTM securities classified as municipal bonds. 
 
 For the third quarter of 2023, the provision for credit losses for loans held for investment was principally driven by provision for credit losses in the business loans secured by real estate and commercial loans segments. The provision for credit losses for business loans secured by real estate loan losses totaled 1.2 million, and was largely attributed to changes in economic forecasts and asset quality, partially offset by declines in the balances of loans within this segment. The provision for credit losses for commercial loans totaled 955,000, and was due to changes in economic forecasts and asset quality, partially offset by declines in the balances of loans within this segment, primarily C I loans. The provision for credit losses for off-balance sheet commitments was attributable, in large part, to changes in economic forecasts, offset by lower unfunded commitments during the quarter. The provision for credit losses for HTM securities was due to the changes in economic forecasts and their impact on HTM securities classified as municipal bonds. 
 
 74 

Three Months Ended Variance From September 30, June 30, September 30, June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2024 2023 Provision for credit losses Provision for loan losses (249) 1,756 2,517 (2,005) (114.2) (2,766) (109.9) Provision for unfunded commitments 760 (505) 1,386 1,265 (250.5) (626) (45.2) Provision for HTM securities (25) 14 15 (39) (278.6) (40) (266.7) Total provision for credit losses 486 1,265 3,918 (779) (61.6) (3,432) (87.6) 
 
 For the first nine months of 2024, the Company recorded a total provision for credit losses of 5.6 million, consisting of a 7.8 million provision for credit losses for loans held for investment, a 2.2 million reversal of provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments, and a 22,000 reversal of provision for credit losses for HTM securities. For the first nine months of 2023, the total provision for credit losses was 8.4 million, which consisted of a 6.1 million provision for credit losses for loans held for investment, a 2.2 million provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments, and a 85,000 provision for credit losses for HTM securities. 
 
 The provision for credit losses for loans held for investment during the first nine months of 2024 was principally driven by a 21.3 million provision for credit losses in the investor loans secured by real estate segment. The provision for credit losses in this segment was largely due to changes in economic forecasts and the associated impact on multifamily loans, partially offset by lower balances for loans within this segment. The provision for credit losses for business loans secured by real estate totaled 1.6 million and was principally driven by changes in economic forecasts and asset quality, partially offset by a decline in balances for loans within this segment. The reversal of provision for credit losses for commercial loans totaled 15.9 million, and was primarily due to the declines in the balances of C I loans and franchise non-real estate secured loans, partially offset by changes in economic forecasts for loans within this segments. 
 
 The reversal of provision expense for unfunded commitments during the first nine months of 2024 was principally due to lower levels of unfunded commitments during 2024. The reversal of provision expense for HTM securities was due to changes in economic forecasts and the impact on HTM securities classified as municipal bonds. 
 
 The provision for credit losses for loans held for investment during the first nine months of 2023 was principally driven by a provision for credit losses for commercial loans which totaled 4.7 million. The provision for credit losses for loans in this segment can be attributed in large part to changes in economic forecasts and asset quality associated with C I loans, partially offset by declines in the balances of these loans. The provision for credit losses for unfunded commitments was due to changes in economic forecasts and asset quality, partially offset by lower unfunded commitments. 
 Nine Months Ended Variance From September 30, September 30, September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Provision for credit losses Provision for loans losses 
 7,795 6,148 1,647 26.8 Provision for unfunded commitments (2,170) 2,200 (4,370) (198.6) Provision for held-to-maturity securities (22) 85 (107) (125.9) Total provision for credit losses 5,603 8,433 (2,830) (33.6) 
 
 75 

Noninterest Income 
 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest income for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended Variance From September 30, June 30, September 30, June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2024 2023 Noninterest income Loan servicing income 525 510 533 15 2.9 (8) (1.5) Service charges on deposit accounts 2,711 2,710 2,673 1 38 1.4 Other service fee income 306 309 280 (3) (1.0) 26 9.3 Debit card interchange fee income 876 925 924 (49) (5.3) (48) (5.2) Earnings on bank owned life insurance 4,335 4,218 3,579 117 2.8 756 21.1 Net gain from sales of loans 
 47 65 45 (18) (27.7) 2 4.4 Trust custodial account fees 8,813 8,950 9,356 (137) (1.5) (543) (5.8) Escrow and exchange fees 673 702 938 (29) (4.1) (265) (28.3) Other income (loss) 
 581 (167) 223 748 447.9 358 160.5 Total noninterest income 
 18,867 18,222 18,551 645 3.5 316 1.7 
 Nine Months Ended Variance From September 30, September 30, September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Noninterest income Loan servicing income 1,564 1,599 (35) (2.2) Service charges on deposit accounts 8,109 7,972 137 1.7 Other service fee income 951 891 60 6.7 Debit card interchange fee income 2,566 2,641 (75) (2.8) Earnings on bank owned life insurance 12,712 10,440 2,272 21.8 Net gain from sales of loans 112 419 (307) (73.3) Net gain from sales of investment securities 138 (138) (100.0) Trust custodial account fees 28,405 29,741 (1,336) (4.5) Escrow and exchange fees 2,071 2,920 (849) (29.1) Other income 6,373 3,515 2,858 81.3 Total noninterest income 62,863 60,276 2,587 4.3 
 Noninterest income for the third quarter of 2024 was 18.9 million, an increase of 645,000 from the second quarter of 2024. The increase was primarily due to a 748,000 increase in other income largely attributable to a 1.0 million decrease in Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") investment loss and a 203,000 gain on debt extinguishment resulting from an early redemption of a 200.0 million FHLB term advance. 
 
 Noninterest income for the third quarter of 2024 increased 316,000 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 756,000 increase in earnings on bank owned life insurance BOLI ), partially offset by a 543,000 decrease in trust custodial account fees. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, noninterest income totaled 62.9 million, an increase from 60.3 million for the nine months ended 2023. The increase was primarily related to the 5.3 million gain on debt extinguishment resulting from the early redemption of two 200.0 million FHLB term advances and 2.3 million higher earnings from BOLI, partially offset by 2.4 million decrease in other income, a 1.3 million decrease in trust custodial account fees, and an 849,000 decrease in escrow and exchange fees. 
 
 76 

Noninterest Expense 
 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest expense for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended Variance From September 30, June 30, September 30, June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2024 2023 Noninterest expense Compensation and benefits 53,400 53,140 54,068 260 0.5 (668) (1.2) Premises and occupancy 10,899 10,480 11,382 419 4.0 (483) (4.2) Data processing 7,777 7,754 7,517 23 0.3 260 3.5 Other real estate owned operations, net 1 (4) 1 100.0 5 125.0 FDIC insurance premiums 1,922 1,873 2,324 49 2.6 (402) (17.3) Legal and professional services 4,980 1,078 4,243 3,902 362.0 737 17.4 Marketing expense 860 1,724 1,635 (864) (50.1) (775) (47.4) Office expense 1,046 1,077 1,079 (31) (2.9) (33) (3.1) Loan expense 734 840 476 (106) (12.6) 258 54.2 Deposit expense 12,474 12,289 10,811 185 1.5 1,663 15.4 Amortization of intangible assets 2,762 2,763 3,055 (1) (293) (9.6) Other expense 4,790 4,549 5,599 241 5.3 (809) (14.4) Total noninterest expense 101,645 97,567 102,185 4,078 4.2 (540) (0.5) 
 Nine Months Ended Variance From September 30, September 30, September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Noninterest expense Compensation and benefits 160,670 161,785 (1,115) (0.7) Premises and occupancy 32,186 34,739 (2,553) (7.3) Data processing 23,042 22,270 772 3.5 Other real estate owned operations, net 47 112 (65) (58.0) FDIC insurance premiums 6,424 7,106 (682) (9.6) Legal and professional services 10,201 14,460 (4,259) (29.5) Marketing expense 4,142 5,352 (1,210) (22.6) Office expense 3,216 3,591 (375) (10.4) Loan expense 2,344 1,689 655 38.8 Deposit expense 37,428 28,441 8,987 31.6 Amortization of intangible assets 8,361 9,281 (920) (9.9) Other expense 13,784 15,355 (1,571) (10.2) Total noninterest expense 301,845 304,181 (2,336) (0.8) 
 
 77 

Noninterest expense totaled 101.6 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 4.1 million compared to the second quarter of 2024. The increase was primarily due to a 3.9 million increase in legal and professional services expense, driven by the prior quarter's 4.0 million insurance claim receivable that decreased the expense during the period. 
 
 Noninterest expense for the third quarter of 2024 decreased by 540,000 compared to the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to an 809,000 decrease in other expense, due to lower charitable contributions, a 775,000 decrease in marketing expense, a 668,000 decrease in compensation and benefits, and a 483,000 decrease in premises and occupancy expense, partially offset by a 1.7 million increase in deposit expense and a 737,000 increase in legal and professional services expense. 
 
 Noninterest expense totaled 301.8 million for the nine months ended 2024, a decrease of 2.3 million, compared to the first nine months ended 2023. The decrease was driven primarily by a 4.3 million decrease in legal and professional services expense, driven by a 4.0 million insurance claim receivable, a 2.6 million decrease in premises and occupancy expense, a 1.6 million decrease in other expense, a 1.2 million decrease in marketing expense, a 1.1 million decrease in compensation and benefits, and a 920,000 decrease in amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by a 9.0 million increase in deposit expense predominately driven by higher deposit administration service fees to HOA customers. The Bank pays third-party management companies, which operate as a vendor for the Bank, to provide certain property administrative services related to the servicing of the HOA deposit accounts. This administrative service fee is reported as deposit costs in noninterest expense and is based primarily upon the number of HOA accounts for which a management company provides administrative services, with caps based on the size and composition of the service deposit relationships. 
 
 The Company s efficiency ratio was 66.1 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 61.3 for the second quarter of 2024, and 59.0 for the third quarter of 2023. The Company s efficiency ratio was 62.4 for the first nine months ended 2024, compared to 54.8 for the first nine months ended 2023. For additional details, see Non-GAAP measures presented under Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Income Taxes 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, income tax expense was 11.7 million, 13.9 million, and 16.0 million, respectively, and the effective income tax rate was 24.5 , 24.9 , and 25.8 , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, income tax expense was 42.9 million and 59.7 million, respectively, and the effective income tax rate was 25.6 and 26.4 , respectively. Our effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the 21 federal statutory rate due to the impact of state taxes as well as various permanent tax differences, including tax-exempt income from municipal securities and loans, BOLI income, tax benefits associated with low-income housing tax credit investments, Section 162(m) limitation on the deduction of executive compensation, and the exercise of stock options and vesting of other stock-based compensation. 
 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was 1.4 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and was comprised of unrecognized tax benefits related to the Opus acquisition in 2020. The total amount of tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably impact the effective tax rate was 563,000 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. It is reasonably possible that 1.1 million of the Company's unrecognized tax benefits may be recognized within the next 12 months due to a lapse of the statute of limitations. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company has accrued 298,000 and 200,000 for such interest at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. No amounts for penalties were accrued. 
 
 78 

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. Federal income tax, as well as income and franchise tax in multiple state jurisdictions. The statute of limitations related to the consolidated Federal income tax returns is closed for all tax years up to and including 2019. The expirations of the statutes of limitations related to the various state income and franchise tax returns vary by state. 
 
 The Company accounts for income taxes by recognizing deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon temporary differences between the amounts for financial reporting purposes and the tax basis of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management evaluates both positive and negative evidence, including the existence of any cumulative losses in the current year and the prior two years, the forecasts of future income, applicable tax planning strategies, and assessments of current and future economic and business conditions. This analysis is updated quarterly and adjusted as necessary. Based on the analysis, the Company has determined that a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was not required as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 79 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 At September 30, 2024, assets totaled 17.91 billion, a decrease of 1.12 billion, or 5.9 , from 19.03 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 1.25 billion decrease in total loans, partially offset by a 160.5 million increase in investment securities and a 45.8 million increase in cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Total liabilities were 14.97 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 16.14 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease of 1.18 billion, or 7.3 , from December 31, 2023 was primarily due to decreases of 659.5 million in total borrowings and 514.7 million in deposits. 
 
 Total stockholders equity was 2.94 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 61.4 million from 2.88 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily due to 124.9 million of net income and 19.5 million of other comprehensive income, partially offset by 95.3 million in cash dividends. 
 
 Throughout the first nine months of 2024, we continued to prioritize capital accumulation over balance sheet growth in light of the ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty. As a result of our prudent and proactive capital, liquidity, and credit risk management, coupled with our ability to opportunistically deploy liquidity generated from the securities portfolio repositioning during the fourth quarter of 2023, we were able to reduce FHLB term borrowings and higher-costing brokered deposits while maintaining liquidity levels. During the first nine months of 2024, we did not utilize the Federal Reserve's discount window or the Bank Term Funding Program, which expired on March 11, 2024. The strength of our capital position provides us with greater optionality and flexibility in terms of balance sheet management. 
 
 Our book value per share increased to 30.52 at September 30, 2024 from 30.07 at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the Company s tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 11.83 , an increase from 10.72 at December 31, 2023. Our tangible book value per share was 20.81, compared to 20.22 at December 31, 2023. The increases in tangible common equity ratio and tangible book value per share at September 30, 2024 from the prior year-end were primarily driven by net income, partially offset by dividends paid. The decrease in tangible assets also contributed to the increase in tangible common equity ratio. For additional details, see Non-GAAP measures presented under Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Loans 
 
 Loans held for investment totaled 12.04 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.25 billion, or 9.4 , from 13.29 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease was a result of lower loan originations due to our continued disciplined approach around credit risk management and loan pricing along with softer loan demand, particularly in our C I, CRE, and multifamily loans, a decrease in credit line draws, loan maturities and prepayments, and loan sales during the first nine months of 2024. Since December 31, 2023, commercial loans decreased 558.6 million, investor loans secured by real estate decreased 507.5 million, business loans secured by real estate decreased 199.4 million, and retail loans decreased 1.8 million. While total commercial loans decreased during the third quarter of 2024, the commercial line average utilization rate increased from an average rate of 37.5 for the fourth quarter of 2023 to 39.9 for the third quarter of 2024. The decline in loans from prior year-end reflects the strategic actions we have taken to maintain a disciplined approach to our loan production and pricing, as well as prudent credit underwriting standards, in order to manage our balance sheet and capital position, as well as a lower level of loan demand. 
 
 The total end-of-period weighted average interest rate on loans, excluding fees and discounts, at September 30, 2024 was 4.82 , compared to 4.87 at December 31, 2023. The decrease was largely the result of customers paying down and paying off higher-rate loans, as well as the repricing of loans, primarily in C I, subsequent to the Federal Reserve's 0.50 decrease in the Fed Funds rate in September 2024. 
 
 80 

We had no loans held for sale at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio in dollar amounts and as a percentage of the portfolio, and gives the weighted average interest rate by loan category at the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent of Total Weighted Average Interest Rate Amount Percent of Total Weighted Average Interest Rate Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 2,202,268 18.3 4.85 2,421,772 18.2 4.72 Multifamily 5,388,847 44.8 4.05 5,645,310 42.5 3.97 Construction and land 445,146 3.7 8.71 472,544 3.5 9.08 SBA secured by real estate 32,228 0.2 9.23 36,400 0.3 9.37 Total investor loans secured by real estate 8,068,489 67.0 4.54 8,576,026 64.5 4.49 Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied 2,038,583 16.9 4.41 2,191,334 16.5 4.36 Franchise real estate secured 264,696 2.2 4.81 304,514 2.3 4.77 SBA secured by real estate 43,943 0.4 8.89 50,741 0.4 9.02 Total business loans secured by real estate 2,347,222 19.5 4.54 2,546,589 19.2 4.50 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 1,316,517 10.9 6.76 1,790,608 13.5 7.07 Franchise non-real estate secured 237,702 2.0 5.12 319,721 2.4 5.01 SBA non-real estate secured 8,407 0.1 9.90 10,926 0.1 9.90 Total commercial loans 1,562,626 13.0 6.53 2,121,255 16.0 6.78 Retail loans Single family residential 71,552 0.6 7.63 72,752 0.5 7.01 Consumer 1,361 9.91 1,949 6.66 Total retail loans 72,913 0.6 7.67 74,701 0.5 7.00 Loans held for investment before basis adjustment (1) 
 12,051,250 100.1 4.82 13,318,571 100.2 4.87 Basis adjustment associated with fair value hedge (2) 
 (16,153) (0.1) (29,551) (0.2) Loans held for investment 12,035,097 100.0 13,289,020 100.0 Allowance for credit losses for loans held for investment (181,248) (192,471) Loans held for investment, net 11,853,849 13,096,549 Total unfunded loan commitments 1,377,190 1,703,470 Loans held for sale, at lower of cost or fair value 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Includes net deferred origination costs (fees) of 1.5 million and (74,000), and unaccreted fair value net purchase discounts of 35.9 million and 43.3 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Represents the basis adjustment associated with the application of hedge accounting on certain loans. The basis adjustment will be allocated to the amortized cost of associated loans within the closed portfolio if the hedge is discontinued. Refer to Note 11 Derivative Instruments to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 

81 

We also have a granular and geographically diverse set of lending relationships. In the tables below, we show the segmentation and geographic dispersion of certain loan portfolios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 CRE Non-Owner-Occupied. CRE non-owner-occupied loans totaled 2.20 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2.42 billion at December 31, 2023. We originate loans that are secured by investor owned CRE, such as retail centers, small office locations, light industrial buildings, and mixed-use commercial properties located in our primary market areas. We believe this loan portfolio is a well-balanced portfolio by geography and by property type as presented below: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Amount By Property Type 
 Hotel and Motel 277,117 12 285,906 12 Industrial 281,391 13 306,811 13 Office 574,294 26 621,857 26 Retail 674,496 31 809,716 33 Other 394,970 18 397,482 16 Total CRE non-owner-occupied 2,202,268 100 2,421,772 100 
 
 By Geography (1) 
 California: 
 Los Angeles 565,743 26 632,267 26 Orange 314,046 14 344,667 14 Riverside 118,805 5 133,520 5 San Bernardino 51,387 2 67,483 3 San Diego 149,216 7 170,847 7 San Luis Obispo 175,239 8 179,740 7 Santa Barbara 66,316 3 71,779 3 Ventura 20,704 1 21,201 1 Other CA 191,721 9 209,259 9 Arizona 158,720 7 168,312 7 Nevada 121,193 6 140,103 6 Washington 82,520 4 89,101 4 Other States 186,658 8 193,493 8 Total CRE non-owner-occupied 2,202,268 100 2,421,772 100 ______________________________ 
 (1) Based on location of primary real property collateral. All California information is by respective county. 

82 

Multifamily. Multifamily loans totaled 5.39 billion at September 30, 2024 and 5.65 billion at December 31, 2023. We originate loans secured by multifamily residential properties (five units and greater) located in our primary market areas. These lending relationships consist of seasoned owners of multifamily properties with extensive operating experience. The loans are stratified by number of units and physical location below: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Amount By Number of Units 
 10 or fewer units 1,023,865 19 1,079,854 19 11-25 units 1,568,087 29 1,606,326 29 26-50 units 1,043,570 19 1,097,250 19 51-100 units 1,052,907 20 1,090,924 19 101+ units 700,418 13 770,956 14 Total Multifamily 5,388,847 100 5,645,310 100 
 
 By Geography (1) 
 California: 
 Los Angeles 2,087,529 39 2,154,693 38 Orange 192,413 4 196,622 4 Riverside 108,594 2 111,809 2 San Bernardino 136,492 2 138,455 2 San Diego 345,121 6 359,556 6 San Luis Obispo 22,740 1 25,225 1 Santa Barbara 39,096 1 43,499 1 Ventura 40,084 1 40,361 1 Other CA 672,635 12 715,844 13 Arizona 423,540 8 437,613 8 Nevada 150,228 3 158,237 3 Washington 650,386 12 689,144 12 Other States 519,989 9 574,252 9 Total Multifamily 5,388,847 100 5,645,310 100 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Based on location of primary real property collateral. All California information is by respective county. 

83 

CRE Owner-Occupied. CRE owner-occupied loans totaled 2.04 billion at September 30, 2024 and 2.19 billion at December 31, 2023. We originate business loans secured by owner-occupied CRE, such as light industrial buildings, mixed-use commercial properties, and small office locations for professional services located in our primary market areas. These loans are underwritten and analyzed based on each business s cash flows. This portfolio is well-diversified by industry, with a geography covering California and the Western U.S.: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Amount By Industry (1) 
 Accommodation and Food Services 117,826 6 143,398 6 Administrative and Support 61,645 3 62,286 3 Agriculture 99,407 5 101,344 5 Construction 142,602 7 149,821 7 Educational Services 157,871 8 171,858 8 Entertainment 69,837 3 72,801 3 Financial Services 36,943 2 37,938 2 Health Care 287,364 14 292,813 13 Manufacturing 219,944 11 237,147 11 Other Services 226,662 11 233,625 11 Professional Services 93,936 5 101,027 5 Real Estate 91,494 4 132,824 6 Retail Trade 199,396 10 209,609 9 Transport and Warehouse 39,536 2 41,445 2 Wholesale Trade 164,001 8 173,371 8 Other 30,119 1 30,027 1 Total CRE owner-occupied 2,038,583 100 2,191,334 100 
 
 By Geography (2) 
 California: 
 Los Angeles 632,903 31 684,079 31 Orange 193,900 10 222,742 10 Riverside 340,537 17 350,277 16 San Bernardino 187,288 9 192,695 9 San Diego 126,787 6 134,120 6 San Luis Obispo 92,376 5 99,441 5 Santa Barbara 109,070 5 114,758 5 Ventura 43,694 2 55,101 3 Other CA 131,536 6 137,428 6 Arizona 54,267 3 58,872 3 Nevada 47,486 2 48,713 2 Washington 18,346 1 19,950 1 Other States 60,393 3 73,158 3 Total CRE owner-occupied 2,038,583 100 2,191,334 100 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Distribution by North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) 
 (2) Based on location of primary real property collateral. All California information is by respective county. 
 
 84 

Commercial Industrial. C I loans totaled 1.32 billion at September 30, 2024 and 1.79 billion at December 31, 2023. We originate C I loans secured by various business assets, including inventory, receivables, machinery, and equipment. Loan types include revolving lines of credit, term loans, seasonal loans, and loans secured by liquid collateral such as cash deposits or marketable securities. These loans are underwritten and analyzed based on each business s cash flows. This portfolio includes loans to small and middle market businesses by industry and by geography as shown below: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Amount By Industry (1) 
 Administrative 10,649 1 55,663 3 Agriculture 14,907 1 48,766 3 Construction 193,213 15 372,965 21 Educational Services 29,334 2 32,909 2 Entertainment 29,495 2 31,486 2 Financial Services 219,196 17 328,856 18 Health Care 55,801 4 57,428 3 Information 26,939 2 39,008 2 Manufacturing 175,905 13 176,248 10 Other Services 108,520 8 126,731 7 Professional Services 83,755 7 85,928 5 Public Administration 161,894 12 174,378 10 Real Estate 117,848 9 149,835 8 Transport and Warehouse 22,118 2 28,651 2 Wholesale Trade 27,533 2 37,547 2 Other 39,410 3 44,209 2 Total Commercial and industrial 1,316,517 100 1,790,608 100 
 By Geography (2) 
 California: 
 Los Angeles 415,450 32 624,418 35 Orange 243,973 18 263,012 15 Riverside 85,028 6 123,920 7 San Bernardino 54,819 4 65,121 4 San Diego 98,714 7 126,541 7 San Luis Obispo 40,058 3 59,314 3 Santa Barbara 18,885 1 35,556 2 Ventura 20,646 2 38,463 2 Other CA 128,265 10 164,069 9 Arizona 12,181 1 47,610 3 Nevada 20,196 2 22,530 1 Washington 51,479 4 59,187 3 Other States 126,823 10 160,867 9 Total Commercial and industrial 1,316,517 100 1,790,608 100 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Distribution by North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) 
 (2) Based on location of primary real property collateral if available, otherwise borrower address is used. All California information is by respective county. 
 
 85 

Delinquent Loans 
 
 When a borrower fails to make required payments on a loan and does not cure the delinquency within 30 days, we normally initiate proceedings to pursue our remedies under the loan documents. For loans secured by real estate, we provide the required notices to the borrower and make any required filings, and commence foreclosure proceedings if necessary. If the loan is not reinstated within the time permitted by law, we may sell the property at a foreclosure sale. At these foreclosure sales, we generally acquire title to the property. At September 30, 2024, loans delinquent 30 or more days as a percentage of total loans held for investment was 0.08 , unchanged from 0.08 at December 31, 2023. 
 86 

The following table sets forth delinquencies in the Company s loan portfolio as of the dates indicated: 
 30 - 59 Days 60 - 89 Days 90 Days or More Total (Dollars in thousands) # of Loans Loan Balance 
 # of Loans Loan Balance 
 # of Loans Loan Balance 
 # of Loans Loan Balance 
 At September 30, 2024 Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 1 383 1 383 SBA secured by real estate 1 1,115 1 187 2 1,302 Total investor loans secured by real estate 1 1,115 2 570 3 1,685 Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied 3 4,574 3 4,574 Total business loans secured by real estate 3 4,574 3 4,574 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 7 893 7 715 3 1,468 17 3,076 SBA non-real estate secured 2 531 2 531 Total commercial loans 7 893 7 715 5 1,999 19 3,607 Total 8 2,008 7 715 10 7,143 25 9,866 Delinquent loans to loans held for investment 0.02 0.06 0.08 30 - 59 Days 60 - 89 Days 90 Days or More Total (Dollars in thousands) # of Loans Loan Balance 
 # of Loans Loan Balance 
 # of Loans Loan Balance 
 # of Loans Loan Balance 
 At December 31, 2023 Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 1 412 1 412 SBA secured by real estate 1 420 1 420 Total investor loans secured by real estate 2 832 2 832 Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied 3 4,655 3 4,655 Franchise real estate secured 1 292 1 292 SBA secured by real estate 1 137 1 137 Total business loans secured by real estate 2 429 3 4,655 5 5,084 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 7 228 9 1,294 1 231 17 1,753 Franchise non-real estate secured 7 1,559 7 1,559 SBA non-real estate secured 1 249 2 558 3 807 Total commercial loans 15 2,036 9 1,294 3 789 27 4,119 Retail loans Single family residential 1 19 1 19 Total retail loans 1 19 1 19 Total 18 2,484 9 1,294 8 6,276 35 10,054 Delinquent loans to loans held for investment 0.02 0.01 0.05 0.08 
 
 87 

Modified Loans to Troubled Borrowers 
 
 On January 1, 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2022-02, which introduces new reporting requirements for modifications of loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, which the Company also refers to as modified loans to troubled borrowers MLTB ). An MLTB arises from a modification made to a loan in response to a borrower s financial difficulty in order to alleviate temporary impairments in the borrower s financial condition and/or constraints on the borrower s ability to repay the loan, and to minimize potential losses to the Company. GAAP requires that certain types of modifications be reported, which consist of the following: 
 
 Principal forgiveness 
 Interest rate reduction 
 Other-than-insignificant payment delay 
 Term extension 
 Any combination of the above 
 
 See Note 1 - Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our audited consolidated financial statements included in our 2023 Form 10-K for additional discussion on MLTBs. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had one MLTB of 16.1 million, the modification of which involved a combination of other-than-insignificant payment delay and a term extension. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no MLTBs that had a payment default and had been modified within the 12 months preceding the payment default. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, the Company had two syndicated C I participation MLTBs totaling 13.0 million, the modifications of which involved other-than-insignificant payment delays. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there were no MLTBs that had a payment default and had been modified within the 12 months preceding the payment default. 

Credit Quality 
 
 We separate our loans by type, and we segregate the loans into various risk grade categories of Pass, Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful, or Loss. Classified loans consist of those with a credit risk rating of substandard, doubtful, or loss. For additional information on the Company s credit quality and credit risk grades, see Note 5 Loans Held for Investment to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Classified loans totaled 120.5 million, or 1.00 of loans held for investment, at September 30, 2024, compared with 142.0 million, or 1.07 of loans held for investment, at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by the payoff of two commercial banking relationships with loans in C I and CRE owner-occupied categories, totaling 40.0 million, during the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 88 

The following tables stratify the loan portfolio by the Company s internal risk grading as of the dates indicated: 
 Credit Risk Grades (Dollars in thousands) Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Gross Loans September 30, 2024 Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 2,163,159 2,471 36,638 2,202,268 Multifamily 5,354,137 34,710 5,388,847 Construction and land 445,146 445,146 SBA secured by real estate 24,901 1,125 6,202 32,228 Total investor loans secured by real estate 7,987,343 38,306 42,840 8,068,489 Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied 1,986,919 18,089 33,575 2,038,583 Franchise real estate secured 261,626 1,560 1,510 264,696 SBA secured by real estate 40,773 3,170 43,943 Total business loans secured by real estate 2,289,318 19,649 38,255 2,347,222 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 1,275,854 12,393 25,385 2,885 1,316,517 Franchise non-real estate secured 226,738 557 10,407 237,702 SBA non-real estate secured 7,695 712 8,407 Total commercial loans 1,510,287 12,950 36,504 2,885 1,562,626 Retail loans Single family residential 71,552 71,552 Consumer loans 1,361 1,361 Total retail loans 72,913 72,913 Loans held for investment before basis adjustment (1) 
 11,859,861 70,905 117,599 2,885 12,051,250 
 December 31, 2023 Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 2,406,719 6,966 8,087 2,421,772 Multifamily 5,633,682 11,628 5,645,310 Construction and land 472,544 472,544 SBA secured by real estate 28,271 8,129 36,400 Total investor loans secured by real estate 8,541,216 18,594 16,216 8,576,026 Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied 2,117,985 34,480 38,869 2,191,334 Franchise real estate secured 288,013 9,674 6,827 304,514 SBA secured by real estate 45,586 619 4,536 50,741 Total business loans secured by real estate 2,451,584 44,773 50,232 2,546,589 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 1,651,102 81,250 53,714 4,542 1,790,608 Franchise non-real estate secured 299,189 4,230 16,302 319,721 SBA non-real estate secured 9,970 956 10,926 Total commercial loans 1,960,261 85,480 70,972 4,542 2,121,255 Retail loans Single family residential 72,752 72,752 Consumer loans 1,949 1,949 Total retail loans 74,701 74,701 Loans held for investment before basis adjustment (1) 
 13,027,762 148,847 137,420 4,542 13,318,571 
 ______________________________ 
 1) Excludes the basis adjustment of 16.2 million and 29.6 million to the carrying amount of certain loans included in fair value hedging relationships at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 11 Derivative Instruments to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 

89 

Nonperforming Assets 
 
 Nonperforming assets consist of loans whereby we have ceased accruing interest (i.e., nonaccrual loans), other real estate owned OREO ), and other repossessed assets owned. Nonaccrual loans generally consist of loans that are 90 days or more past due and loans where, in the opinion of management, there is reasonable doubt as to the full collection of principal and interest regardless of the length of past due status. 
 
 Nonperforming assets increased by 14.0 million to 39.1 million, or 0.22 of total assets, at September 30, 2024, compared to 25.1 million, or 0.13 of total assets, at December 31, 2023. The increase in nonperforming assets at September 30, 2024, was primarily the result of a single, diversified commercial banking relationship with CRE non-owner-occupied loans, totaling 18.0 million, which were current as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, nonperforming loans totaled 39.1 million, or 0.32 of loans held for investment, an increase from 24.8 million, or 0.19 of loans held for investment, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had no OREO, compared to 248,000 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company had no loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table sets forth the composition of nonperforming assets at the dates indicated: 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonperforming assets Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 19,042 412 SBA secured by real estate 1,725 1,205 Total investor loans secured by real estate 20,767 1,617 Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied 4,574 8,666 Total business loans secured by real estate 4,574 8,666 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 13,212 13,976 SBA non-real estate secured 531 558 Total commercial loans 13,743 14,534 Total nonperforming loans 39,084 24,817 Other real estate owned 248 Total 39,084 25,065 Allowance for credit losses 181,248 192,471 Allowance for credit losses as a percent of total nonperforming loans 464 776 Nonperforming loans as a percent of loans held for investment 0.32 0.19 Nonperforming assets as a percent of total assets 0.22 0.13 MLTBs included in nonperforming loans 16,089 12,595 
 90 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company maintains an ACL for loans and unfunded loan commitments in accordance with ASC 326, which requires the Company to record an initial estimate of expected lifetime credit losses for loans and unfunded loan commitments at the time of origination or acquisition. The ACL is maintained at a level deemed appropriate by management to provide for expected credit losses in the portfolio as of the date of the consolidated statements of financial condition. Estimating expected credit losses requires management to use relevant forward-looking information, including the use of reasonable and supportable forecasts. The measurement of the ACL is performed by collectively evaluating loans with similar risk characteristics. Loans that have been deemed by management to no longer possess similar risk characteristics are evaluated individually under a discounted cash flow approach, except those that have been deemed collateral dependent are evaluated individually based on the expected estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. 
 
 The Company measures the ACL on commercial real estate and commercial loans using a discounted cash flow approach, using the loan s effective interest rate, while the ACL for retail loans is based on a historical loss rate model. The discounted cash flow methodology relies on several significant components essential to the development of estimates for future cash flows on loans and unfunded commitments. These components consist of: (i) the estimated probability of default PD ), (ii) the estimated loss given default LGD ), which represents the estimated severity of the loss when a loan is in default, (iii) estimates for prepayment activity on loans, and (iv) the estimated exposure to the Company at default EAD ). In the case of unfunded loan commitments, the Company incorporates estimates for utilization, based on historical loan data. PD and LGD for investor loans secured by real estate loans are derived from a third party, using proxy loan information, and loan and property level attributes. PD for both investor and business real estate loans, as well as commercial loans, is heavily impacted by current and expected economic conditions. Forecasts for PDs and LGDs are made over a two-year period, which we believe is reasonable and supportable, and are based on economic scenarios. Beyond this point, PDs and LGDs revert to their historical long-term averages. The Company has reflected this reversion over a period of three years in the ACL model. 
 
 The Company s ACL includes assumptions concerning current and future economic conditions using reasonable and supportable forecasts from an independent third party. These economic forecast scenarios are based on past events, current conditions, and the likelihood of future events occurring. Management evaluates economic scenarios used in the Company s ACL model, and thus the scenarios as well as the assumptions within those scenarios, and whether to use a weighted multiple scenario approach, can vary from one period to the next based on changes in current and expected economic conditions, and due to the occurrence of specific events. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s ACL model used three weighted scenarios representing a base-case scenario, an upside scenario, and a downside scenario. The use of three weighted scenarios at September 30, 2024 is consistent with the approach used in the Company s ACL model at June 30, 2024. The Company s ACL model at September 30, 2024 includes assumptions concerning the interest rate environment, general uncertainty concerning future economic conditions, and the potential for future recessionary conditions. The Company has identified certain economic variables that have significant influence in the Company s model for determining the ACL. These key economic variables include forecasted changes in the U.S. unemployment rate, U.S. real GDP growth, CRE prices, and interest rates. 
 
 The Company considers the need for qualitative adjustments to the ACL on a quarterly basis. Qualitative adjustments may be related to and include, but not be limited to, factors such as (i) management s assessment of economic forecasts used in the model and how those forecasts align with management s overall evaluation of current and expected economic conditions, (ii) organization-specific risks such as credit concentrations, collateral specific risks, regulatory risks, and external factors that may ultimately impact credit quality, (iii) potential model limitations such as limitations identified through back-testing, and other limitations associated with factors such as underwriting changes, acquisition of new portfolios and changes in portfolio segmentation, and (iv) management s overall assessment of the adequacy of the ACL, including an assessment of model data inputs used to determine the ACL. Qualitative adjustments served to increase or decrease the level of allocated ACL to these segments of the loan portfolio: investor loans secured by real estate, business loans secured by real estate, and commercial loans. 
 91 

The following charts quantify the factors attributing to the changes in the ACL on loans held for investment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 
 ACL change attributions in millions) (1) 

______________________________ 
 (1) Certain factors attributing to the changes in the ACL for 2023 have been reclassified to conform to the 2024 presentation. 
 
 For additional information on the provision for credit losses and ACL on loans and ACL for off-balance sheet commitments related to unfunded loans and lines of credit, refer to Provision for Credit Losses presented under Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 6 Allowance for Credit Losses to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company believes the ACL was adequate to cover current expected credit losses in the loan portfolio. However, no assurance can be given that we will not, in any particular period, sustain credit losses that exceed the amount reserved, or that subsequent evaluation of our loan portfolio, in light of prevailing factors, including economic conditions that may adversely affect our market area or other circumstances, will not require significant increases in the ACL. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our ACL and may require us to recognize changes to the ACL based on judgments different from those of management. Should any of the factors considered by management in evaluating the appropriate level of the ACL change, including the size and composition of the loan portfolio, the credit quality of the loan portfolio, as well as forecasts of future economic conditions, the Company s estimate of current expected credit losses could also significantly change and affect the level of future provisions for credit losses. 
 92 

The following table sets forth the Company s ACL, its corresponding percentage of the loan category balance, and the percent of loan balance to total loans held for investment in each of the loan categories listed as of the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Allowance as a of Segment 
 of 
 Total Loans 
 Amount Allowance as a of Segment 
 of 
 Total Loans 
 Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 29,274 1.33 18.3 31,030 1.28 18.2 Multifamily 65,965 1.22 44.8 56,312 1.00 42.5 Construction and land 10,984 2.47 3.7 9,314 1.97 3.5 SBA secured by real estate 2,599 8.06 0.2 2,182 5.99 0.3 Total investor loans secured by real estate 108,822 1.35 67.0 98,838 1.15 64.5 Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied 27,959 1.37 16.9 28,787 1.31 16.5 Franchise real estate secured 5,114 1.93 2.2 7,499 2.46 2.3 SBA secured by real estate 3,644 8.29 0.4 4,427 8.72 0.4 Total business loans secured by real estate 36,717 1.56 19.5 40,713 1.60 19.2 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 24,982 1.90 10.9 36,692 2.05 13.5 Franchise non-real estate secured 9,898 4.16 2.0 15,131 4.73 2.4 SBA non-real estate secured 348 4.14 0.1 458 4.19 0.1 Total commercial loans 35,228 2.25 13.0 52,281 2.46 16.0 Retail loans Single family residential 388 0.54 0.6 505 0.69 0.5 Consumer loans 93 6.83 134 6.88 Total retail loans 481 0.66 0.6 639 0.86 0.5 Total (1) 
 181,248 1.51 100.0 192,471 1.45 100.0 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Total loans utilized in the calculation of the ratio of ACL to total loans held for investment includes 16.2 million and 29.6 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of the basis adjustment of certain loans included in fair value hedging relationships. Refer to Note 11 Derivative Instruments to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the ratio of ACL to loans held for investment was 1.51 , an increase from 1.45 at December 31, 2023. Our unamortized fair value discount on the loans acquired totaled 35.9 million, or 0.30 of total loans held for investment, at September 30, 2024, compared to 43.3 million, or 0.33 of total loans held for investment, at December 31, 2023. 

93 

The following table sets forth the Company s net charge-offs as a percentage to the average loans held for investment balances in each of the loan categories, as well as other credit related percentages at and for the periods indicated: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loan Balance Percentage Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loan Balance Percentage Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loan Balance Percentage Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 2,224,013 2,696 2,280,616 0.12 (51) 2,547,595 Multifamily 5,436,252 7,372 5,515,912 0.13 5,751,877 Construction and land 455,822 461,060 424,498 SBA secured by real estate 32,625 67 34,110 0.20 108 38,473 0.28 Total investor loans secured by real estate 8,148,712 10,135 8,291,698 0.12 57 8,762,443 Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied 1,152 2,060,034 0.06 (121) 2,117,338 (0.01) (12) 2,247,742 Franchise real estate secured 268,252 282,684 314,310 SBA secured by real estate 45,095 (1) 47,365 (128) 55,115 (0.23) Total business loans secured by real estate 1,152 2,373,381 0.05 (122) 2,447,387 (140) 2,617,167 (0.01) Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 1,237 1,421,824 0.09 820 1,655,962 0.05 6,821 1,720,368 0.40 Franchise non-real estate secured (125) 244,294 (0.05) (1,375) 278,143 (0.49) (50) 341,418 (0.01) SBA non-real estate secured (5) 9,812 (0.05) 3 11,218 0.03 64 11,841 0.54 Total commercial loans 1,107 1,675,930 0.07 (552) 1,945,323 (0.03) 6,835 2,073,627 0.33 Retail loans Single family residential 71,454 (3) 70,633 70,679 Consumer 47 1,307 3.60 835 2,270 36.78 2,123 Total retail loans 47 72,761 0.06 832 72,903 1.14 72,802 Total (1) 
 2,306 12,247,432 0.02 10,293 12,724,401 0.08 6,752 13,475,128 0.05 Allowance for credit losses to loans held for investment 1.51 1.47 1.42 Nonperforming loans to loans held for investment 0.32 0.42 0.19 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 464 353 739 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) A verage loan balance includes 23.4 million, 32.9 million, and 50.9 million of average basis adjustment of certain loans included in fair value hedging relationships for the three months ended September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 11 Derivative Instruments to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 

94 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loan Balance Percentage Net Charge-offs (Recoveries) Average Loan Balance Percentage Investor loans secured by real estate CRE non-owner-occupied 3,623 2,287,163 0.16 2,591 2,593,463 0.10 Multifamily 7,367 5,520,346 0.13 289 5,877,859 Construction and land 465,529 425,005 SBA secured by real estate 320 34,210 0.94 108 39,560 0.27 Total investor loans secured by real estate 11,310 8,307,248 0.14 2,988 8,935,887 0.03 Business loans secured by real estate CRE owner-occupied 5,420 2,119,725 0.26 2,334 2,310,584 0.10 Franchise real estate secured 212 283,864 0.07 344,588 SBA secured by real estate (2) 47,414 (208) 58,506 (0.36) Total business loans secured by real estate 5,630 2,451,003 0.23 2,126 2,713,678 0.08 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 2,603 1,615,180 0.16 7,789 1,876,199 0.42 Franchise non-real estate secured (1,400) 276,970 (0.51) (150) 370,829 (0.04) SBA non-real estate secured (4) 10,629 (0.04) (1) 11,580 (0.01) Total commercial loans 1,199 1,902,779 0.06 7,638 2,258,608 0.34 Retail loans Single family residential (3) 71,391 89 71,183 0.13 Consumer 882 1,893 46.59 860 2,829 30.40 Total retail loans 879 73,284 1.20 949 74,012 1.28 Total (1) 
 19,018 12,705,281 0.15 13,701 13,928,641 0.10 ______________________________ 
 (1) A verage loan balance includes 29.0 million and 53.5 million of average basis adjustment of certain loans included in fair value hedging relationships for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 11 Derivative Instruments to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 95 

Investment Securities 
 
 Our investment policy, as established by our Asset Liability Committee, is established to provide and maintain liquidity, capital preservation, complement our lending activities, support our interest rate risk management strategies and tax planning, and generate a favorable return on investments without incurring undue interest rate and credit risks. Specifically, our investment policy generally limits our investments to U.S. government securities, federal agency-backed securities, U.S. government-sponsored enterprise GSE guaranteed mortgage-backed securities MBS ), which are guaranteed by Fannie Mae FNMA ), Freddie Mac FHLMC ), Federal Farm Credit Banks FFCB ), or Ginnie Mae GNMA ), U.S. Treasury securities, municipal bonds, and corporate bonds, specifically bank debt notes. The Bank has designated all investment securities as AFS or HTM . AFS securities are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains or losses, net of tax, on these securities recognized in stockholders equity as accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. HTM securities are carried at amortized cost, net of ACL. 
 
 We primarily use our investment portfolio for liquidity purposes, capital preservation, and to support our interest rate risk management strategies. Our investment securities portfolio amounted to 3.03 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 160.5 million, or 5.6 , from 2.87 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase was the result of 726.6 million in purchases, primarily of AFS U.S. Treasury securities, and a 16.3 million in mark-to-market unrealized loss improvement on AFS securities, partially offset by 582.4 million in principal payments, amortization and accretion, and redemptions. The Company did not sell any investment securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In general, the purchase of investment securities is primarily related to investing excess liquidity from our banking operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we have maintained a meaningful portion of the AFS securities portfolio in highly-liquid, shorter term securities. This strategy enhances our interest rate sensitivity profile to the current rate environment and provides us with the flexibility to quickly redeploy these funds into higher-yielding assets or slightly longer duration securities as opportunities arise. The effective duration of AFS securities portfolio was 0.6 years and 0.7 years at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The effective duration of total AFS and HTM securities portfolio was 4.8 years and 5.5 years at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, AFS and HTM investment securities were 1.32 billion and 1.71 billion, respectively, compared to 1.14 billion and 1.73 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The ACL on investment securities is determined for both the AFS and HTM classifications of the investment portfolio in accordance with ASC 326 and evaluated on a quarterly basis. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , the Company had an ACL of 104,000 and 126,000, respectively, for HTM investment securities classified as municipal bonds . The Company had no ACL for AFS investment securities at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. For additional information, refer to Note 4 Investment Securities to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 96 

The following table sets forth the fair value of AFS and the amortized cost of HTM investment securities as well as the weighted average yields on our investment securities portfolio by contractual maturity as of the date indicated. Weighted average yields are an arithmetic computation of income within each maturity range based on the amortized costs of securities, not on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 September 30, 2024 One Year or Less More than One to Five Years More than Five Years to Ten Years More than Ten Years Total (Dollars in thousands) Amount Weighted Average Yield Amount Weighted Average Yield Amount Weighted Average Yield Amount Weighted Average Yield Amount Weighted Average Yield AFS investment securities: U.S. Treasury 620,804 5.11 150,547 4.99 771,351 5.08 Agency 752 5.44 413 (5.08) 1,165 1.69 Corporate 19,996 5.27 202,551 5.40 182,861 3.55 405,408 4.51 Collateralized mortgage obligations 54,731 5.70 41,625 5.63 42,266 6.45 138,622 5.91 Total AFS investment securities 640,800 5.11 408,581 5.29 224,486 3.94 42,679 6.34 1,316,546 4.98 HTM investment securities: Municipal bonds 38,612 1.46 43,308 1.91 1,063,281 2.06 1,145,201 2.03 Collateralized mortgage obligations 57 5.72 316,493 4.13 316,550 4.13 Mortgage-backed securities 2,938 5.27 6,059 4.79 226,732 2.09 235,729 2.20 Other 16,199 2.85 16,199 2.85 Total HTM investment securities 41,607 1.73 49,367 2.26 1,622,705 2.47 1,713,679 2.45 Total securities 640,800 5.11 450,188 4.96 273,853 3.63 1,665,384 2.57 3,030,225 3.55 
 
 The following table presents the fair value of AFS and the amortized cost of HTM investment securities portfolios by Moody s credit ratings at September 30, 2024 . 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) U.S. Treasury Agency Corporate Debt Municipal Bonds Collateralized Mortgage Obligations Mortgage-backed Securities Other Total Aaa - Aa3 771,351 1,165 19,996 1,145,201 455,172 235,729 2,628,614 86.7 A1 - A3 194,162 194,162 6.4 Baa1 - Baa3 191,250 16,199 207,449 6.9 Total 771,351 1,165 405,408 1,145,201 455,172 235,729 16,199 3,030,225 100.0 
 
 All of the municipal bond securities in our portfolio have an underlying rating of investment grade, with the majority insured by the largest bond insurance companies to bring each of these securities to a Moody s A rating or better. The Company has predominantly purchased general obligation bonds that are risk-weighted at 20 for regulatory capital purposes. The Company reduces its exposure to any single adverse event by holding securities from geographically diversified municipalities. We continue to monitor the quality of our investment securities portfolio in accordance with current financial conditions and economic environment. 
 
 97 

Deposits 
 
 At September 30, 2024, deposits totaled 14.48 billion, a decrease of 514.7 million, or 3.4 , from 15.00 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease was largely driven by decreases of 310.2 million in brokered certificates of deposit, 293.7 million in noninterest-bearing checking, 136.3 million in interest-bearing checking, and 62.9 million in money market and savings, partially offset by an increase of 288.4 million in retail certificates of deposit. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, non-maturity deposits totaled 12.21 billion, or 84.3 of total deposits, a decrease of 492.9 million, or 3.9 , from December 31, 2023. The decrease was attributable to clients utilizing their deposit balances to prepay or pay down loans, reduced funding needs, as well as redeploying funds into higher-yielding alternatives due to elevated benchmark interest rates. Our non-maturity deposits reflect our well-diversified and relationship-focused business model that has resulted in noninterest-bearing checking deposits representing 32.0 of total deposits as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, maturity deposits totaled 2.27 billion, a decrease of 21.8 million, or 0.9 , from December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by a reduction of 310.2 million in brokered certificates of deposit, partially offset by an increase of 288.4 million in retail certificates of deposit. 
 
 The total end-of-period weighted average rate of deposits at September 30, 2024 was 1.80 , an increase from 1.55 at December 31, 2023, principally driven by higher pricing across all deposit categories and a greater mix of maturity deposits. At September 30, 2024, the end-of-period weighted average rate of non-maturity deposits was 1.26 , compared to 1.04 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Bank counted one client, a property management holding company, with deposits of 704.8 million, or 4.9 of total deposits, and 10,845 total deposit accounts. No other individual depositor represented more than 1.3 of our total deposits, and our top 50 depositors represented 11.8 of our total deposits. 
 
 Our ratio of loans held for investment to deposits was 83.1 and 88.6 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The following table sets forth the distribution of the Company s deposit accounts at the dates indicated and the weighted average interest rates as of the last day of each period for each category of deposits presented: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Balance of Total Deposits Weighted Average Rate Balance of Total Deposits Weighted Average Rate Noninterest-bearing checking 4,639,077 32.0 4,932,817 32.9 Interest-bearing deposits: Interest-bearing checking 2,763,353 19.1 1.55 2,899,621 19.3 1.38 Money market 4,547,006 31.4 2.41 4,572,693 30.5 2.00 Savings 258,510 1.8 0.40 295,749 2.0 0.29 Total non-maturity deposits 12,207,946 84.3 1.26 12,700,880 84.7 1.04 Time deposit accounts: Less than 1.00 29,901 0.2 0.25 90,480 0.6 0.14 1.00 - 1.99 18,239 0.1 1.83 20,505 0.1 1.76 2.00 - 2.99 15,490 0.1 2.59 20,191 0.1 2.63 3.00 - 3.99 106,702 0.7 3.76 361,060 2.4 3.52 4.00 - 4.99 1,459,312 10.1 4.79 1,084,443 7.3 4.49 5.00 and greater 643,337 4.5 5.11 718,067 4.8 5.26 Total time deposit accounts 2,272,981 15.7 4.73 2,294,746 15.3 4.37 Total deposits 14,480,927 100.0 1.80 14,995,626 100.0 1.55 
 98 

The following table sets forth the estimated deposits exceeding the FDIC insurance limit: 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Uninsured deposits 5,763,200 5,976,621 
 
 The Bank is a member of the IntraFi Network IntraFi ), which allows banking customers to access FDIC insurance protection on deposits that exceed the FDIC insurance limit while receiving reciprocal deposits from other FDIC-insured banks. These reciprocal deposits acquired by the Bank through IntraFi, including both the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS and Insured Cash Service ICS programs, offer protection to depositors by fully insuring deposits with other network banks. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company s FDIC-insured deposits as a percentage of total deposits was 60 . Insured and collateralized deposits comprised 66 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, which includes federally-insured deposits, 787.9 million of collateralized municipal and tribal deposits, and 45.0 million of privately insured deposits. At December 31, 2023, the Company s FDIC-insured deposits as a percentage of total deposits was 60 . Insured and collateralized deposits comprised 66 of total deposits at December 31, 2023, which includes federally-insured deposits, 732.6 million of collateralized municipal and tribal deposits, and 70.0 million of privately insured deposits. 
 
 The estimated aggregate amount of time deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limit is 611.0 million at September 30, 2024 and 534.8 million at December 31, 2023. The following table sets forth the maturity distribution of the estimated uninsured time deposits: 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 3 months or less 391,677 236,117 Over 3 months through 6 months 148,056 219,430 Over 6 months through 12 months 62,104 72,756 Over 12 months 9,185 6,532 Total 611,022 534,835 

Borrowings 
 
 At September 30, 2024, total borrowings amounted to 272.3 million, a decrease of 659.5 million, or 70.8 , from 931.8 million at December 31, 2023. Total borrowings at September 30, 2024 were comprised of 272.3 million of subordinated debentures. The decrease in borrowings at September 30, 2024 as compared to December 31, 2023 was primarily due to the decreases of 600.0 million in FHLB term advances, resulting from 400.0 million in advance redemptions and one 200.0 million advance maturity as well as the maturity of 60.0 million of subordinated notes, partially offset by the amortization of the subordinated debt issuance cost. At September 30, 2024, total borrowings represented 1.5 of total assets and had an end-of-period weighted average rate of 6.58 , compared with 4.9 of total assets and an end-of-period weighted average rate of 3.93 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 99 

At September 30, 2024, total subordinated debentures were comprised of the following: 
 
 Subordinated notes of 125.0 million at 7.880 fixed-to-floating rate due May 15, 2029 (the Notes II and a carrying value of 123.8 million, net of unamortized debt issuance cost of 1.2 million. Interest is payable semiannually at a floating rate equal to three-month term SOFR, plus a spread of 2.762 per annum, payable quarterly in arrears; and 
 Subordinated notes of 150.0 million at 5.375 fixed-to-floating rate due June 15, 2030 (the Notes III and a carrying value of 148.5 million, net of unamortized debt issuance cost of 1.5 million. Interest on the Notes III accrue at a rate equal to 5.375 per annum from and including June 15, 2020 to, but excluding, June 15, 2025, payable semiannually in arrears. From and including June 15, 2025 to, but excluding, June 15, 2030 or the earlier redemption date, interest will accrue at a floating rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be three-month term SOFR, plus a spread of 517 basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. 
 
 For additional information about the subordinated debentures, see Note 8 Subordinated Debentures to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company s borrowed funds as of and during the periods indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Weighted Average Rate Balance Weighted Average Rate FHLB advances 600,000 3.17 Subordinated debentures 272,320 6.58 331,842 5.31 Total borrowings 272,320 6.58 931,842 3.93 Weighted average cost of borrowings during the quarter 6.12 4.01 Borrowings as a percent of total assets 1.5 4.9 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our unused borrowing capacity was 8.83 billion, which consisted of available lines of credit with FHLB and other correspondent banks as well as access through the Federal Reserve Bank's discount window. As a result of our proactive liquidity management, we were able to reduce FHLB borrowings by 600.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and we did not utilize the Federal Reserve Bank's discount window or the Bank Term Funding Program, which expired on March 11, 2024. 
 
 The Company maintains additional sources of liquidity at the Corporation level. Our Corporation maintains a 25.0 million line of credit with U.S. Bank and had no outstanding balance against it at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 100 

CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 Liquidity Management 
 
 Our primary sources of funds are deposits, advances from the FHLB and other borrowings, principal and interest payments on loans, and income from investments, to meet our financial obligations, which arise primarily from the withdrawal of deposits, extension of credit, and payment of operating expenses. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans are a predictable source of funds, deposit inflows and outflows as well as loan prepayments are greatly influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. 
 
 In addition to the interest payments on loans and investments as well as fees collected on the services we provide, our primary sources of funds generated during the first nine months of 2024 were from: 
 
 Principal payments on loans held for investment of 915.8 million; 
 Proceeds of 602.5 million from the sales, payments, or maturities of securities; and 
 Proceeds of 58.3 million from the sales of loans classified as loans held for investment. 
 
 We used these funds to: 
 
 Purchase investment securities of 726.6 million; 
 Decrease FHLB borrowings of 600.0 million; 
 Decrease deposits of 514.7 million; 
 Originate loans held for investment of 110.3 million; 
 Return capital to shareholders through 95.3 million in dividends; and 
 Pay off matured subordinated debentures of 60.0 million. 
 
 Our most liquid assets are comprised of unrestricted cash, short-term investments, and unpledged AFS investment securities. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, lending, and investing activities during any given period. We endeavor to take a prudent, proactive approach to liquidity management, as evidenced by our balance-sheet-oriented initiatives throughout 2023 and 2024. At September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents totaled 982.2 million. If additional liquidity is needed or otherwise desired as part of our liquidity management strategy, we have additional sources of liquidity that can be accessed, including FHLB advances, federal funds lines, the Federal Reserve Board s lending programs, brokered deposits, as well as loan and investment securities sales. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank had secured borrowing capacity with the FHLB allowing us to borrow up to 35 of the Bank s total assets equating to a credit line of 6.41 billion, of which 4.97 billion remained available for borrowing, based on collateral pledged of 7.29 billion at market value in qualifying loans, and no FHLB borrowings outstanding. We also had a 3.46 billion line with the FRB discount window secured by investment securities and unsecured lines of credit aggregating to 390.0 million with other correspondent banks from which to purchase federal funds. Our unused borrowing capacity was 8.83 billion, and the combined readily available liquidity with cash and cash equivalents of 982.2 million, interest-bearing time deposits with financial institutions of 1.2 million, as well as short-term, unpledged, AFS U.S. Treasury securities of 148.7 million, totaled approximately 9.96 billion, with a coverage ratio of 202.0 to uninsured and uncollateralized deposits. 
 
 We believe our level of liquid assets is sufficient to meet current anticipated funding needs. As part of our daily monitoring, we calculate a liquidity ratio by dividing the sum of cash balances plus unpledged AFS securities by total deposits, excluding time deposits maturing one year or more, plus FHLB advances maturing within one year. As of September 30, 2024, our liquidity ratio was 16.0 , which is above the Company s minimum policy requirement of 10.0 . The Company regularly monitors liquidity, models liquidity stress scenarios to ensure that adequate liquidity is available, and has contingency funding plans in place, which are reviewed and tested on a regular, recurring basis. 
 
 101 

A substantial portion of our loans are funded by our deposits. The Bank s participation in IntraFi s CDARS and ICS programs provides our depositors with full deposit insurance coverage of excess balances, while the Bank receives reciprocal deposits from other FDIC-insured banks, and helps enhance the Bank s funding stability by retaining the full amount of the deposits on our balance sheet. To the extent that our deposit growth is not sufficient to satisfy our ongoing commitments to fund maturing and withdrawable deposits, repay maturing borrowings, fund existing and future loans, or make investments, we may access funds through our FHLB borrowing arrangement, FRB discount window, unsecured lines of credit, or other sources. 
 
 The Bank maintains liquidity guidelines in the Company s Liquidity Policy that permits the purchase of brokered deposit funds, in an amount not to exceed 15 of total deposits or 12 of total assets, as a secondary source for funding. At September 30, 2024, we had 300.0 million in brokered deposits, which constituted 2.07 of total deposits and 1.68 of total assets at that date. 
 
 The Corporation is a corporate entity separate and apart from the Bank that must provide for its own liquidity. The Corporation s primary sources of liquidity are dividends from the Bank. There are statutory and regulatory provisions that limit the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Corporation. Management believes that such restrictions will not have a material impact on the ability of the Corporation to meet its ongoing cash obligations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Bank paid 155.3 million in dividends to the Corporation. 
 
 The Corporation maintains a line of credit of 25.0 million with U.S. Bank that will expire on September 24, 2025. The Corporation anticipates renewing the line of credit upon expiration. This line of credit provides an additional source of liquidity at the Corporation level. At September 30, 2024, the Corporation had no outstanding balances against this line. 
 
 During each of the first three quarters of 2024, the Corporation declared a quarterly dividend payment of 0.33 per share. On October 22, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors declared a 0.33 per share dividend, payable on November 12, 2024 to stockholders of record as of November 4, 2024. The Corporation s Board of Directors periodically reviews whether to declare or pay cash dividends, taking into account, among other things, general business conditions, the Company s financial results, future prospects, capital requirements, legal and regulatory restrictions, and such other factors as the Corporation s Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 
 On January 11, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program, which authorized the repurchase of up to 4,725,000 shares of its common stock, representing approximately 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock and approximately 150 million of common stock as of December 31, 2020 based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2020. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not repurchase any shares of common stock. See Part II, Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds for additional information. 
 
 Material Cash Requirement 
 
 Our material cash requirements may include funding existing loan commitments, funding equity investments and affordable housing partnerships for low-income housing tax credit, withdrawal/maturity of existing deposits, repayment of borrowings, operating lease payments, and expenditures necessary to maintain current operations. 
 
 102 

The Company enters into contractual obligations in the normal course of business as a source of funds for its asset growth and to meet required capital needs. The following schedule summarizes maturities and principal payments due on our contractual obligations, excluding accrued interest: 
 
 September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Less than 1 year More than 1 year Total Subordinated debentures 272,320 272,320 Certificates of deposit 2,111,860 161,121 2,272,981 Operating leases 15,393 52,219 67,612 Affordable housing partnerships commitment 14,696 18,699 33,395 Total contractual cash obligations 2,141,949 504,359 2,646,308 
 
 We believe that the Company s liquidity sources will be sufficient to meet the contractual obligations as they become due through the maintenance of adequate liquidity levels. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into various transactions to meet the financing needs of our customers which, in accordance with GAAP, are not included in our consolidated balance sheets. These transactions include off-balance sheet commitments, including commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit, and commitments to fund investments that qualify for CRA credit. The following table presents a summary of the Company s commitments to extend credit by expiration period: 
 
 September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Less than 1 year More than 1 year Total Loan commitments to extend credit 907,258 426,905 1,334,163 Standby letters of credit 43,027 43,027 Total 950,285 426,905 1,377,190 
 
 Since many commitments to extend credit are expected to expire, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. For further information, see Note 15 - Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Commitments, and Contingencies to the Notes to the audited consolidated financial statements in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 103 

Regulatory Capital Compliance 
 
 The Corporation and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Corporation s and the Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Corporation and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Corporation s and the Bank s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Corporation s and the Bank s capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain capital in order to meet certain capital ratios to be considered adequately capitalized or well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. As of the most recent formal notification from the Federal Reserve, the Bank was categorized as well capitalized. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s categorization. 
 
 Final comprehensive regulatory capital rules for U.S. banking organizations pursuant to the capital framework of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, generally referred to as Basel III, implemented a requirement for all banking organizations to maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above the minimum risk-based capital requirements, which fully phased in by January 1, 2019. The capital conservation buffer is exclusively comprised of common equity Tier 1 capital, and it applies to each of the three risk-based capital ratios but not to the leverage ratio. At September 30, 2024, the Company and Bank are in compliance with the capital conservation buffer requirement and exceeded the minimum common equity Tier 1, Tier 1, and total capital ratio, inclusive of the fully phased-in capital conservation buffer, of 7.00 , 8.50 , and 10.50 , respectively, and the Bank qualified as well capitalized for purposes of the federal bank regulatory prompt corrective action regulations. The regulatory capital ratios of the Company and Bank further strengthened at September 30, 2024 compared to the capital ratios at December 31, 2023. 
 
 In February 2019, the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies approved a final rule modifying their regulatory capital rules and providing an option to phase-in over a three-year period the Day 1 adverse regulatory capital effects of the CECL accounting standard. Additionally, in March 2020, the U.S. Federal bank regulatory agencies issued an interim final rule that provides banking organizations an option to delay the estimated CECL impact on regulatory capital for an additional two years for a total transition period of up to five years. The cumulative difference at the end of the second year of the transition period is then phased into regulatory capital at 25 per year over a three-year transition period. The final rule was adopted and became effective in September 2020. The Company implemented the CECL model commencing January 1, 2020 and elected to phase in the full effect of CECL on regulatory capital over the five-year transition period. This cumulative difference at the end of 2021 will be phased in regulatory capital over the three-year period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024. 
 
 For regulatory capital purposes, the Corporation s subordinated debt is included in Tier 2 capital, the eligible amount of which is phased out by 20 of the original amount at the beginning of each of the last five years before maturity. See Note 8 Subordinated Debentures to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 

104 

As defined in applicable regulations and set forth in the table below, the Corporation and the Bank continue to exceed the regulatory capital minimum requirements, and the Bank continues to exceed the well capitalized standards and the required conservation buffer at the dates indicated: 
 Actual Minimum Required for Capital Adequacy Purposes Inclusive of Capital Conservation Buffer Minimum Required For Well Capitalized Requirement September 30, 2024 Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio 12.19 4.00 N/A Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 16.83 7.00 N/A Tier 1 capital ratio 16.83 8.50 N/A Total capital ratio 20.05 10.50 N/A Pacific Premier Bank Tier 1 leverage ratio 13.45 4.00 5.00 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 18.56 7.00 6.50 Tier 1 capital ratio 18.56 8.50 8.00 Total capital ratio 19.81 10.50 10.00 December 31, 2023 Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Tier 1 leverage ratio 11.03 4.00 N/A Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 14.32 7.00 N/A Tier 1 capital ratio 14.32 8.50 N/A Total capital ratio 17.29 10.50 N/A Pacific Premier Bank Tier 1 leverage ratio 12.43 4.00 5.00 Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 16.13 7.00 6.50 Tier 1 capital ratio 16.13 8.50 8.00 Total capital ratio 17.23 10.50 10.00 
 
 105 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 
 Asset/Liability Management and Market Risk 
 
 Market risk is the risk of loss in value or reduced earnings from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. The Bank s market risk arises primarily from interest rate risk in our lending, investments, and deposit taking activities. Interest rate risk primarily occurs to the degree that the Bank s interest-bearing liabilities reprice or mature on a different basis and frequency than its interest-earning assets. The Bank actively monitors and manages its portfolios to limit the adverse effects on net interest income and economic value due to changes in interest rates. The Asset Liability Committee is responsible for implementing the Bank s interest rate risk management policy established by the Board of Directors that sets forth limits of acceptable changes in net interest income NII and economic value of equity EVE due to specified changes in interest rates. Management monitors asset and liability maturities and repricing characteristics on a regular basis and evaluates its interest rate risk as it relates to operational strategies. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 
 The principal objective of the Company s interest rate risk management function is to maintain an interest rate risk profile close to the desired risk profile in light of the interest rate outlook. The Bank measures the interest rate risk included in the major balance sheet portfolios and compares the current risk profile to the desired risk profile and to policy limits set by the Board of Directors. Management then implements strategies consistent with the desired risk profile. Asset duration is compared to liability, with the desired mix of fixed and floating rate determined based upon the Company s risk profile and outlook. Likewise, the Bank seeks to raise non-maturity deposits. Management often implements these strategies through pricing actions. Finally, management structures its security portfolio and borrowings to offset some of the interest rate sensitivity created by the repricing characteristics of customer loans and deposits. 
 
 Management monitors asset and liability maturities and repricing characteristics on a regular basis and evaluates its interest rate risk as it relates to operational strategies. Management analyzes potential strategies for their impact on the interest rate risk profile. Each quarter the Board of Directors reviews the Bank s asset/liability position, including simulations showing the impact on the Bank s EVE in various interest rate scenarios. Interest rate moves, up or down, may subject the Bank to interest rate spread compression, which adversely impacts its net interest income. This is primarily due to the lag in repricing of the indices, to which adjustable rate loans and mortgage-backed securities are tied, as well as their repricing frequencies. Furthermore, large rate moves show the impact of interest rate caps and floors on adjustable rate transactions. This is partly offset by lags in repricing for deposit products. The extent of the interest rate spread compression depends on the direction and severity of interest rate moves and features in the Bank s product portfolios. 
 
 The Company s interest rate sensitivity is monitored by management through the use of both a simulation model that quantifies the estimated impact to earnings Earnings at Risk for a twelve- and twenty-four-month period, and a model that estimates the change in the Company s EVE under alternative interest rate scenarios, primarily instantaneous parallel interest rate shifts in 100 basis point increments. The simulation model estimates the impact on NII from changing interest rates on interest-earning assets and interest expense paid on interest- bearing liabilities. The EVE model computes the net present value of equity by discounting all expected cash flows on assets and liabilities under each rate scenario. For each scenario, the EVE is the present value of all assets less the present value of all liabilities. The EVE ratio is defined as the EVE divided by the market value of assets within the same scenario. 

106 

The following table shows the projected NII and net interest margin of the Company at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, assuming instantaneous parallel interest rate shifts in the first month of the following quarter: 
 September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Earnings at Risk Projected Net Interest Margin Change in Rates (Basis Points) Amount Change Change Rate 300 552,946 30,608 5.9 3.42 200 545,048 22,710 4.3 3.37 100 534,313 11,974 2.3 3.31 Static 522,339 3.23 -100 505,659 (16,680) (3.2) 3.13 -200 485,076 (37,262) (7.1) 3.00 -300 465,771 (56,568) (10.8) 2.88 
 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Earnings at Risk Projected Net Interest Margin Change in Rates (Basis Points) Amount Change Change Rate 300 667,387 40,063 6.4 3.69 200 656,958 29,634 4.7 3.63 100 643,837 16,513 2.6 3.56 Static 627,324 3.47 -100 601,798 (25,526) (4.1) 3.33 -200 569,355 (57,969) (9.2) 3.15 -300 534,151 (93,173) (14.9) 2.95 
 
 The following table shows the EVE and projected change in the EVE of the Company at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, assuming instantaneous parallel interest rate shifts in the first month of the following quarter: 
 September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Economic Value of Equity EVE as of market value of portfolio assets Change in Rates (Basis Points) Amount Change Change EVE Ratio 300 3,045,139 (255,991) (7.8) 20.10 200 3,193,225 (107,905) (3.3) 20.54 100 3,284,230 (16,899) (0.5) 20.60 Static 3,301,130 20.20 -100 3,186,479 (114,651) (3.5) 19.02 -200 2,967,970 (333,160) (10.1) 17.31 -300 2,663,402 (637,727) (19.3) 15.19 
 107 

December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Economic Value of Equity EVE as of market value of portfolio assets Change in Rates (Basis Points) Amount Change Change EVE Ratio 300 2,918,718 (236,315) (7.5) 17.70 200 3,073,927 (81,106) (2.6) 18.11 100 3,155,901 868 18.05 Static 3,155,033 17.51 -100 3,022,479 (132,554) (4.2) 16.28 -200 2,785,592 (369,441) (11.7) 14.57 -300 2,445,055 (709,978) (22.5) 12.42 
 
 Based on the modeling of the impact on earnings and EVE from changes in interest rates, the Company s sensitivity to changes in interest rates is low for rising rates, aided by the addition of interest rate swaps for hedging purposes. With a slightly asset sensitive profile, the Earnings at Risk is expected to increase as rates rise. It is important to note the above tables are forecasts based on several assumptions and that actual results may vary. The forecasts are based on estimates of historical behavior and assumptions by management that may change over time and may turn out to be different. Factors affecting these estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to (1) competitor behavior, (2) economic conditions both locally and nationally, (3) actions taken by the Federal Reserve Board, (4) customer behavior, and (5) management s responses to the foregoing. Changes that vary significantly from the assumptions and estimates may have significant effects on the Company s earnings and EVE. 
 
 The Company has minimal direct market risk from foreign exchange and no exposure from commodities. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, an evaluation was carried out by our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 108 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is involved in legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business. Management believes that none of the legal proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse impact on the results of operations or financial condition of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our 2023 Form 10-K included a discussion of the many risks and uncertainties we face, any one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition (including capital and liquidity), prospects, or the value of or return on an investment in the Company. There are no material changes to our risk factors as previously described under Item 1A of our 2023 Form 10-K . 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 On January 11, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program, which authorized the repurchase of up to 4,725,000 shares of its common stock. The stock repurchase program may be limited or terminated at any time without notice. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company did not repurchase any shares of common stock. 
 
 The following table provides information with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of us or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) of our common stock during the third quarter of 2024. 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 4,245,056 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 4,245,056 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 4,245,056 Total 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , no officer or director of the Company or any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of securities of the Company s common stock that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Securities Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in 17 CFR 229.408( c). 
 109 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (1) 
 Exhibit 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (1) 
 Exhibit 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate of Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (2) 
 Exhibit 4.2 Long-term borrowing instruments are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. The Company undertakes to furnish copies of such instruments to the SEC upon request. Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 Exhibit 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document Exhibit 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Exhibit 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Exhibit 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Exhibit 104 The cover page of Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit 101) 
 (1) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2018. (2) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-20497) filed with the SEC on January 27, 1997. 
 110 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP, INC., Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Steven R. Gardner Steven R. Gardner Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Ronald J. Nicolas, Jr. Ronald J. Nicolas, Jr. Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 111 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ppbi-093024xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc., 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 for the Quarter ended September 30, 2024 
 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 
 
 I, Steven R. Gardner, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 s Steven R. Gardner Steve R. Gardner Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ppbi-093024xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc., 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 for the Quarter ended September 30, 2024 
 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 

I, Ronald J. Nicolas, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 s Ronald J. Nicolas, Jr. Ronald J. Nicolas, Jr. Sr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ppbi-093024xex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc., 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 for the Quarter ended September 30, 2024 

CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the undersigned s best knowledge and belief 
 
 a) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date October 29, 2024 
 Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. s Steven R. Gardner Steven R. Gardner Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President 
 s Ronald J. Nicolas, Jr. Ronald J. Nicolas, Jr. Sr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ppbi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ppbi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ppbi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ppbi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ppbi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

