<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241121_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1681682_0001654954-24-014771.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4095253</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82232</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>815021</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>915075</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1001250</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1201765</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-24-014771.hdr.sgml : 20241121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241121171420
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-24-014771
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENDRA Life Sciences Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001681682
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				260579295
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37969
		FILM NUMBER:		241485489

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3600 GREEN COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		734-335-0468

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3600 GREEN COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Endra Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160805

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-24-014771.txt : 20241121

10-Q/A
 1
 endra_10qa.htm
 FORM 10-Q/A

endra_10qa.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Amendment No. 1) (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive office) Zip code ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 19, 2024, there were shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. EXPLANATORY NOTE: 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations - Three and Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Three and Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 8 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 25 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 25 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 26 Item1A. Risk Factors 26 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 26 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 26 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 26 Item 5. Other Information 26 Item 6. Exhibits 27 Signatures 28 3 Table of Contents PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, December 31, Assets 2024 2023 Current Assets (Unaudited) Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Non-Current Assets Inventory, net Fixed assets, net Right of use assets Prepaid expenses, long term Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Lease liabilities, current portion Loans Total Current Liabilities Long Term Debt Lease liabilities Warrant Liability Total Long Term Debt Total Liabilities Stockholders Equity Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; .488 and .397 shares issued and outstanding, respectively Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid in capital Stock payable Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating Expenses Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating loss Other Expenses Other income (expense) Warrant expense Changes in fair value of warrant liability Gain or Loss on settlement of warrant exercise Total other expenses Loss from operations before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net Loss Net loss per share basic and diluted .98 Weighted average common shares basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30,2023 Series A Convertible Series B Convertible Additional Total Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common stock Paid in Stock Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Payable Deficit Equity Balance as of December 31, 2022 .397 - Common stock issued for cash, net of funding costs - - Warrants issued for cash, net of funding costs - - - Fair value of vested stock options - - - Stock payable towards preference dividend - - - Net loss - - - Balance as of September 30,2023 .397 - Nine Months Ended September 30,2024 Series A Convertible Series B Convertible Additional Total Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common stock Paid in Stock Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Payable Deficit Equity Balance as of December 31, 2023 .397 - Preferred stock conversion to common stock .909 - Common stock issued for cash - - Common stock issued for warrant exercise - - Common stock issued for cashless warrant exercise - - Fair value of vested common stock (netted off with cancellation of options for terminated employees) - - - - Fair value of vested stock options - - Stock payable towards preference dividend - - Net loss - - - Balance as of September 30,2024 .488 - 6 Table of Contents Three Months Ended September 30,2023 Series A Convertible Series B Convertible Additional Total Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common stock Paid in Stock Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Payable Deficit Equity Balance as of June 30,2023 .397 - Common stock issued for cash, net of funding costs - - Fair value of vested stock options - - - Stock payable towards preference dividend - - - Net loss - - - Balance as of September 30,2023 .397 - Three Months Ended September 30,2024 Series A Convertible Series B Convertible Additional Total Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common stock Paid in Stock Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Payable Deficit Equity Balance as of June 30,2024 .488 - Common stock issued for warrant exercise - - Fair value of vested stock options (netted off with cancellation of options for terminated employees) - - - Stock payable towards preference dividend - - - Net loss - - - Balance as of September 30,2024 .488 - 7 Table of Contents ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Fixed assets write off Inventory reserve Stock compensation expense Amortization of right of use assets Warrant expense Changes in fair value of warrant liability Gain or Loss on settlement of warrant exercise Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease in prepaid expenses Increase in inventory Decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Decrease in lease liability Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Purchases of fixed assets Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Net cash used in investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from issuance of warrants Proceeds from issuance of cashless warrants Repayment of loan Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash items Interest paid Income tax paid Supplemental disclosures of non-cash items Stock dividend payable Right of use asset Lease liability Cashless warrants The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 8 Table of Contents ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) Principles of Consolidation Basis of Presentation Cash and Cash Equivalents Inventory amounting to , which resulted in the net carrying value of inventory of . 9 Table of Contents Leases and , respectively. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the Company recorded a lease liability of 237,162 and , respectively. Revenue Recognition Research and Development Costs and of expenses related to research and development costs, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and of expenses related to research and development costs, respectively. Net Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share and potentially dilutive shares, which include outstanding common stock options, and warrants, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Warrants to purchase common stock Shares issuable upon conversion of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Potential equivalent shares excluded 10 Table of Contents Share-based Compensation . The Company records share-based compensation in accordance with the provisions of the Share-based Compensation Topic of the FASB Codification. The guidance requires the use of option-pricing models that require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the option s expected life and the price volatility of the underlying stock. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, and the resulting charge is expensed using the straight-line attribution method over the vesting period. Stock compensation expense recognized during the period is based on the value of share-based awards that were expected to vest during the period adjusted for estimated forfeitures. The estimated fair value of grants of stock options and warrants to non-employees of the Company is charged to expense, if applicable, in the financial statements. These options vest in the same manner as the employee options granted under the stock incentive plan as described above. 11 Table of Contents . The Company had working capital of as of September 30, 2024. The Company has not established an ongoing source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs and to allow it to continue as a going concern and will require additional financing to fund its future planned operations, including research and development and commercialization of its products. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as going concern. The accompanying financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, but the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it establishes a revenue stream and becomes profitable. Management s plans to continue as a going concern include raising additional capital through sales of equity securities and borrowing. However, management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. If the Company is not able to obtain the necessary additional financing on a timely basis, the Company will be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of the Company s research and development activities or commercialization efforts or perhaps even cease the operation of its business. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Recent Accounting Pronouncements or . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had inventory valued at and , respectively. TAEUS development and testing Accumulated depreciation Fixed assets, net Depreciation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and . Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and . Accrued payroll Accrued bonuses Accrued employee benefits Insurance premium financing Total 12 Table of Contents , due and payable upon the expiration of the initial term on December 31, 2022, which was later extended to . This note bears interest on the unpaid balance at the rate of zero percent per annum during the initial term. Under this note no interest payments were due until January 1, 2024. . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the loan was repaid in full. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the loan had a balance of CAD and CAD , respectively. shares of capital stock, comprised of shares of common stock with a par value of per share, and shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. The Company has designated shares of its preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ), shares of its preferred stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock ), shares of its preferred stock as Series C Preferred Stock, and the remainder of the preferred shares remain authorized but undesignated. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of common stock outstanding (which excludes both the unvested shares of restricted stock described in Note 8 below and the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock into 1 shares of common stock and does include shares of common stock due to exercise of warrants ), .488 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, and no shares of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, and a stock payable balance of . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock, as follows: Registered offering (described below): - shares of its common stock in return for aggregate net proceeds of under the Placement Agreement; - shares of its common stock upon exercise of pre-funded warrants for aggregate net proceeds of under the Placement Agreement (includes net proceeds from sale and exercise of pre-funded warrants); Other issuances: - shares of its common stock upon warrant exercises for aggregate net proceeds of ; - shares of its common stock in return for aggregate net proceeds of under the June 2021 ATM Agreement; - shares of its common stock upon conversion of .909 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock; and - shares of the previously issued restricted common stock vested. The shares were issued for services and valued at . Series B warrant exercises: - shares of its common stock upon cashless exercise of Series B Warrants During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock in return for aggregate net proceeds of under the Offering. The company issued an additional shares of its common stock in return for aggregate net proceeds of under the June 2021 ATM Agreement. Registered Offering On June 4, 2024, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement Agreement with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (the Placement Agent pursuant to which the Placement Agent served, on a best efforts basis, in connection with the issuance and sale (the Offering of 3,490 shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the pre-funded warrants ), together with Series A warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the Series A Warrants and Series B warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock (the Series B Warrants and, together with the Series A Warrants, the Series Warrants ). The common stock, pre-funded warrants and Series Warrants were sold in a fixed combination, with each share of common stock or pre-funded warrant accompanied by a Series A Warrant to purchase one share of common stock and a Series B Warrant to purchase one share of common stock. In connection with the Offering, the Company also issued to the Placement Agent warrants Placement Agent Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. The Offering closed on June 5, 2024. The purchase price of each share of common stock and accompanying Series Warrants was and the purchase price of each pre-funded warrant and accompanying common warrants was . The Company received net proceeds from the Offering, after deducting offering expenses payable by the Company, of . 13 Table of Contents as the exercise price for that purpose and (y) 3.0. In addition, the Series Warrants include a provision that resets their respective exercise prices in the event of a reverse split of the Company s common stock to a price equal to the lesser of (i) the then current exercise price and (ii) lowest volume weighted average price (VWAP) during the period commencing five trading days immediately preceding and the five trading days commencing on the date the Company effects a reverse stock split, (such lower price, the Floor Price ), provided that such Floor Price shall not be lower than 0.0434 (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions), with a proportionate adjustment to the number of shares underlying the Series Warrants. The effect of the Company s August 2024 and November 2024 reverse splits are that the number of shares underlying the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants totaled 178,255 each. Subject to certain exceptions, the Series A Warrants provide for an adjustment to the exercise price and number of shares underlying the Series A Warrants upon the Company s issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents at a price per share that is less than the exercise price of the Series A Warrants, provided that such adjusted price shall be no less than .95 (subject to adjustment for reverse and forward splits, recapitalizations and similar transactions). A holder does not have the right to exercise any portion of the Series A Warrants or Series B Warrants if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own , provided that any increase in such percentage shall not be effective until 61 days following notice from the holder to us. Pursuant to the Placement Agreement, in addition to the Placement Agent Warrants described above, . The Company reimbursed expenses of the Placement Agent in connection with the Offering, including but not limited to legal fees, of . The Placement Agent Warrants have an expiration date of three and one-half years from the Initial Exercise Date and were immediately exercisable upon issuance. The Company has agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to effect any issuance of Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock involving a Variable Rate Transaction, as defined in the Placement Agreement, for a period commencing on the date of the Placement Agreement until 180 days following the closing of the Offering. At-the-Market Equity Offering Programs On June 21, 2021, the Company entered into the At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement with Ascendiant (the June 2021 ATM Agreement to sell shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of up to million, from time to time, through an at-the-market equity offering program under which Ascendiant acts as sales agent. Prior to its replacement by the February 2024 ATM Agreement (as defined below), under the June 2021 ATM Agreement the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock in return for net proceeds of , resulting in of compensation paid to Ascendiant. On February 14, 2024, the Company entered into a new At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement with Ascendiant (the February 2024 ATM Agreement to sell shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of up to million, which replaced the June 2021 ATM Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not sold any shares under the February 2024 ATM Agreement. Reverse Stock Split On August 16, 2024, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a certificate of amendment (the Certificate of Amendment to its certificate of incorporation, which Certificate of Amendment effectuated as of August 20, 2024 at 12:01 a.m. Eastern Time (the Effective Time a reverse split of the Company s common stock by a ratio of one-for-50 (the August 2024 Reverse Stock Split ). All per share amounts (including exercise prices) and number of shares in the consolidated financial statements and related notes have been retroactively restated to reflect the August 2024 Reverse Stock Split and the November 2024 Reverse Stock Split (as described in Note 13 below). No fractional shares were, or shall be, issued in connection with the August 2024 Reverse Stock Split. The August 2024 Reverse Stock Split resulted in a proportionate adjustment to the per share conversion or exercise price and the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion or exercise of outstanding preferred stock, stock options and warrants, as well as the number of shares of common stock eligible for issuance under the Omnibus Plan. 14 Table of Contents using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model based on the following assumptions: (i) volatility rate of to , (ii) discount rate of , (iii) zero expected dividend yield, (iv) risk free rate of to , (v) price of to , and (vi) expected life of - years. A summary of option activity under the Company s Omnibus Plan as of September 30, 2024, and changes during the year then ended, is presented below: Granted Exercised - - Forfeited - Cancelled or expired - Balance outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 Restricted Common Stock On November 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock (the Restricted Stock of the Company to PatentVest, Inc. PatentVest pursuant to a Restricted Stock Agreement and Consulting Services Agreement, each with PatentVest, in exchange for certain services related to the Company s patent portfolio. The fair value of the Restricted Stock was determined to be using the market price of the stock on the date of the issuance. The Restricted Stock is subject to a vesting schedule pursuant to the Restricted Stock Agreement and the shares may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, disposed of or otherwise encumbered prior to becoming vested. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded as vested shares valued at . shares of common stock (the pre-funded warrants ), together with Series A Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock and Series B Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of . Additionally, the Series B Warrants contain an alternative cashless exercise option whereby the holder of a Series B Warrant has the right to receive an aggregate number of shares equal to the product of (x) the aggregate number of shares of common stock that would be issuable upon a cashless exercise of the Series B Warrant using (after adjustment) as the exercise price for that purpose and (y) 3.0. In connection with the Offering, the Company also issued placement agent warrants Placement Agent Warrants and, together with the pre-funded warrants and the Series Warrants, the Warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock. The purchase price of each share of common stock and accompanying Series Warrants was and the purchase price of each pre-funded warrant and accompanying Series Warrants was . Warrant Exercises On May 2, 2023, the Company conducted a registered offering in which the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock for an exercise price per share equal to . The warrants expire . In December 2023, the Board approved a temporary reduction of the exercise price per share from to . The Company also issued to the underwriter and its designees warrants exercisable for an aggregate of shares of common stock for an exercise price per share equal to . The warrants expire . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock upon warrant exercises for aggregate net proceeds of . 15 Table of Contents pre-funded warrants were exercised. The company issued a total of shares of its common stock upon the cash exercises of pre-funded warrants and cashless exercises of pre-funded warrants for aggregate net proceeds of (includes net proceeds from sale and exercise of pre-funded warrants). The remaining pre-funded warrants were used to satisfy the exercise price under the warrants cashless exercise provision. Between August 19, 2024 and September 3, 2024, the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock upon the alternate cashless exercise of Series B Warrants. The following table summarizes all warrant activity of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Issued Exercised Forfeited - - - Expired - - Balance outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 Common Stock Warrants On August 20, 2024 (the Issuance Date ), the Company issued Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants. The Company accounts for the warrants, in the aggregate, in accordance with the guidance in ASC 815 Derivative and Hedging whereby under that provision the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the warrant instruments as a liability at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value each period. This liability will be re-measured at each balance sheet date until the warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in the Company s statement of operations. During the three and nine months ending September 30, 2024, the Company recognized as warrant liability expense and income from the change in fair value of warrant liability of in the statement of operations. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized as gain on settlement for the exercise of warrants during the period, and as a warrant liability as of September 30, 2024. Series A Warrants Each Series A Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of the Company s common stock at per share, subject to antidilution adjustments, and expires on . In addition, if the Company sells or issues equity or an equity linked instrument for consideration per share less than the price equal to the exercise price then in effect, then the exercise price shall be reduced to an amount equal to the lower of (a) the new issuance price, or (b) the lowest volume weighted average price VWAP during the five consecutive trading days immediately following the dilutive issuance. . In addition, if there is a share price adjustment upon a split, reverse-split, share dividend, or share combination recapitalization, and the lowest VWAP during the preceding five trading days is less than the exercise price in effect (the Event Market Price ), the then exercise price shall be reduced to the Event Market Price and the number of warrant issuable shall be increased such that the aggregate exercise price of the Series A Warrant on the Issuance Date then outstanding shall remain unchanged. Series B Warrants Each Series B Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of the Company s common stock at per share, subject to antidilution adjustments, and expires on . In addition, if the Company sells or issues equity or an equity linked instrument for consideration per share less than the price equal to the exercise price then in effect, then the exercise price shall be reduced to an amount equal to the lower of (a) the new issuance price, or (b) the lowest volume weighted average price VWAP during the five consecutive trading days immediately following the dilutive issuance. . 16 Table of Contents . Recurring Fair Value Measurements The Company s warrant liability for the Series A and Series B Warrants is based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model utilizing management judgement and pricing inputs from observable and unobservable markets. Significant deviations from these estimates and inputs could result in a material change in fair value. The fair value of the warrant liability is classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because the Company uses observable inputs like market prices for its common stock and risk-free interest rate, but requires estimations for factors like the Company s own volatility, which is not directly quoted in active markets. Measurement The Company established the initial fair value for the warrant liability on August 20, 2024, the date the warrants were issued. Upon exercise, the instrument is marked to its fair value upon exercise, and the shares delivered are recorded at fair value in the Company s statement of stockholders equity. The warrant liability was valued based on the following inputs for the Series A and Series B Warrants, respectively: and Stock price Volatility and and Discount rate and and Expected dividend Expected life (years) and and per hour for his services. On November 30, 2023, the Company entered into a Restricted Stock Agreement and Consulting Services Agreement, each with PatentVest, in exchange for certain services related to the Company s patent portfolio. PatentVest is a wholly-owned subsidiary of MDB Capital Holdings, LLC MDB ). Anthony DiGiandomenico, a member of the Company s board of directors, is the Chief of Transactions and a director of MDB. Lou Basenese, a member of our board of directors, is President and Chief Market Strategist at Public Ventures LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MDB. There were no related party transactions during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. rentable square feet of space, for the initial monthly rent of , which commenced on January 1, 2015 for an initial term of months. . 17 Table of Contents rentable square feet, increasing the initial monthly rent to effective May 2021, and extending the term of the lease to . The Company records the lease asset and lease liability at the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The lease typically does not provide an implicit rate; therefore, the Company uses its estimated incremental borrowing rate at the time of lease commencement to discount the present value of lease payments. The Company s discount rate for operating leases at September 30, 2024 was . Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term to the extent that collection is considered probable. As a result, the Company has been recognizing rents as they become payable based on the adoption of ASC Topic 842. The weighted-average remaining lease term is years. As of September 30, 2024, the maturities of operating lease liabilities are as follows: 2025 and beyond Total Less: amount representing interest Present value of future minimum lease payments Less: current obligations under leases Long-term lease obligations For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred rent expenses of and , respectively. Employment and Consulting Agreements Alexander Tokman - Effective August 13, 2024, the Board appointed Alexander Tokman as the Company s acting Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. In connection with his appointment, Mr. Tokman and the Company entered into an employment agreement, dated August 13, 2024 (the Employment Agreement ). Mr. Tokman s employment with the Company is at will and may be terminated by him or the Company at any time and for any reason. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Tokman will receive an annual base salary of , subject to adjustment at the Board s discretion. Mr. Tokman is also eligible for an annual cash bonus based upon the achievement of performance-based objectives established by the Board of Directors. If Mr. Tokman s employment is terminated by the Company without cause (as defined in the Omnibus Plan), if Mr. Tokman resigns for good reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement), or if Mr. Tokman s employment ends following the hiring no later than February 13, 2026 of a replacement chief executive officer whom Mr. Tokman assists in recruiting, Mr. Tokman will be entitled to receive, subject to his execution of a standard release agreement, 12 months continuation of his current base salary and a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of continued healthcare coverage (or 24 months continuation of his current base salary and a lump sum payment equal to 24 months of continued healthcare coverage if such termination occurs within one year following a change in control). Additionally, under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Tokman is eligible to receive benefits that are substantially similar to those of the Company s other senior executive officers. The foregoing description of the Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Employment Agreement, which is filed as an exhibit with this Report. Michael Thornton - The Company has an employment agreement with Michael Thornton, the Company s Chief Technology Officer, dated May 12, 2017, as amended December 27, 2019. The employment agreement provides for an annual base salary that is subject to adjustment at the board of directors discretion. Effective January 1, 2022, the Compensation Committee increased Mr. Thornton s annual salary to . In September 2023, Mr. Thornton agreed to a reduction of his base salary received for the remainder of 2023 in order to preserve cash for the Company s operations. Under the employment agreement, Mr. Thornton is eligible for an annual cash bonus based upon achievement of performance-based objectives established by the board of directors. Upon termination without cause, any portion of Mr. Thornton s option award scheduled following a change of control, the entire unvested portion of the option award will automatically vest. Upon termination for any other reason, the entire unvested portion of the option award will terminate. If Mr. Thornton s employment is terminated by the Company without cause or Mr. Thornton terminates his employment for good reason, of continued healthcare coverage (or 24 months continuation of his current base salary and a lump sum payment equal to 24 months of continued healthcare coverage if such termination occurs within one year following a change in control). Under his employment agreement, Mr. Thornton is eligible to receive benefits that are substantially similar to those of the Company s other senior executive officers. 18 Table of Contents plus expenses in respect of his services to the Company. The Company s needs have typically required more than the base fee., averaging a month for the three months ending September 30, 2024. Litigation From time to time the Company may become a party to litigation in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2024, there were no legal matters that management believes would have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. shares on November 11, 2024 and an additional shares on November 13, 2024, for a total of shares, primarily due to the exercise of warrants. 19 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Form 10-Q ), unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we, us, our, ENDRA and the Company refer to ENDRA Life Sciences Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and related notes thereto in this Form 10-Q. This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created by those sections. Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as believe, expect, may, will, should, could, would, seek, intend, plan, estimate, anticipate or other comparable terms. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Form 10-Q, including those regarding our strategies, prospects, financial condition, operations, costs, plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make regarding expectations for revenues, cash flows and financial performance, the anticipated results of our development efforts and the timing for receipt of required regulatory approvals and product launches. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: our limited commercial experience, limited cash and history of losses; our ability to obtain adequate financing to fund our business operations in the future; our ability to achieve profitability; our ability to develop a commercially feasible application based on our Thermo-Acoustic Enhanced Ultrasound TAEUS technology; market acceptance of our technology; uncertainties associated with any future pandemic, including possible effects on our operations; results of our human studies, which may be negative or inconclusive; our ability to find and maintain development partners; our reliance on collaborations and strategic alliances and licensing arrangements; the amount and nature of competition in our industry; our ability to protect our intellectual property; potential changes in the healthcare industry or third-party reimbursement practices; delays and changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines including potential delays in submitting required regulatory applications for Food and Drug Administration FDA approval; our ability to obtain and maintain CE mark certification and secure required FDA and other governmental approvals for our TAEUS applications; our ability to regain compliance with the listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market and maintain the listing of our common stock on such exchange; our ability to comply with regulation by various federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies and to maintain necessary regulatory clearances or approvals; and the other risks and uncertainties described in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on March 28, 2024, and in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Available Information From time to time, we use press releases, X (formerly) Twitter (@endralifesci) and LinkedIn (www.linkedin.com/company/endra-inc) to distribute material information. Our press releases and financial and other material information are routinely posted to and accessible on the Investors section of our website, www.endrainc.com. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to our SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. In addition, investors may automatically receive e-mail alerts and other information about the Company by enrolling their e-mail addresses by visiting the Email Alerts section of our website at investors.endrainc.com. Information that is contained in and can be accessed through our website, X posts and LinkedIn are not incorporated into, and do not form a part of, this Quarterly Report or any other report or document we file with the SEC. Overview We are leveraging experience with pre-clinical enhanced ultrasound devices to develop technology for increasing the capabilities of clinical diagnostic ultrasound and other types of capital equipment, to broaden patient access to the safe diagnosis and treatment of a number of significant medical conditions in circumstances where expensive X-ray CT and MRI technology, or other diagnostic technologies such as surgical biopsy, are unavailable or impractical. Building on our expertise in thermoacoustics, we have developed a next-generation technology platform-Thermo Acoustic Enhanced Ultrasound, or TAEUS-which is intended to enhance the capability of clinical ultrasound technology and support the diagnosis and treatment of a number of significant medical conditions that currently require the use of expensive CT or MRI imaging or where imaging is not practical using existing technology. The first-generation TAEUS application is a standalone ultrasound accessory designed to cost-effectively quantify fat in the liver and stage progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease NAFLD ), which can otherwise only be achieved today with impractical surgical biopsies or MRI scans. Subsequent TAEUS offerings are expected to be implemented via a second-generation hardware platform that can run multiple clinical software applications that we will offer TAEUS users for a licensing fee-adding ongoing customer value to the TAEUS platform and a growing software revenue stream for our Company. Each of our TAEUS platform applications will require regulatory approvals before we are able to sell or license the application. Based on certain factors, such as the installed base of ultrasound systems, availability of other imaging technologies, such as CT and MRI, economic strength and applicable regulatory requirements, we intend to seek initial approval of our applications for sale in the European Union and the United States, followed by China. In March 2020, we received CE mark approval for our TAEUS FLIP Fatty Liver Imaging Probe System, enabling its marketing and sales in the European Union and other CE mark geographies, including the 27 EU member states. In June 2020, we submitted a 510(k) Application to the FDA for our TAEUS Fatty Liver Imaging Probe FLIP System. In February 2022, we announced that we would pursue FDA reclassification and clearance of our TAEUS FLIP System through the FDA s de novo process. We subsequently voluntarily withdrew our 510(k) Application submitted a de novo request for the TAEUS system to the FDA in the third quarter of 2023. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the FDA sent us an Additional Information AI request related to our de novo application. After we received the AI request, we have had several interactions with the FDA and have provided additional information. In order to fully respond to the FDA s questions, we will need to compile additional clinical data, provide additional device test data, and respond to cybersecurity related questions in a new de novo submission. We had an in-person pre-submission meeting with the FDA on May 16, 2024. We currently anticipate completing the necessary clinical studies by the fourth quarter of 2024 or first quarter of 2025 and submitting the new de novo request to the FDA in the first half of 2025. 20 Table of Contents Financial Operations Overview Revenue No revenue has been generated by our TAEUS technology, which we have not commercially sold as of September 30, 2024. Research and Development Expenses Our research and development expenses primarily include wages, fees and equipment for the development of our TAEUS technology platform and the proposed applications. Additionally, we incur certain costs associated with the protection of our products and inventions through a combination of patents, licenses, applications and disclosures. These costs and expenses include: employee-related expenses, such as salaries, bonuses and benefits, consultant-related expenses such as consultant fees and bonuses, stock-based compensation, overhead related expenses and travel-related expenses for our research and development personnel; expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations CROs ), contract manufacturing organizations CMOs as well as consultants that support the implementation of our clinical and non-clinical studies; manufacturing and packaging costs in connection with conducting clinical trials; formulation, research and development expenses related to our TAEUS technology; and costs for sponsored research. We plan to incur research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we expect to continue the development of TAEUS and pursue FDA approval of the NAFLD TAEUS system. At this time, due to the inherently unpredictable nature of clinical development and regulatory approvals, we are unable to estimate with certainty the costs we will incur and the timelines we will require in our continued development efforts. Sales and Marketing Expenses Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of headcount and consulting costs, and marketing and tradeshow expenses. Currently, our marketing efforts are through our website and attendance of key industry meetings and conferences. During the second quarter, we restructured our European sales operations to better align with the Company s near-term sales prospects. We expect to add to our sales representation and support headcount for operations in the EU as demand and resources permit in the future, and plan to begin staffing our sales efforts in the United States once we have obtained FDA approval for the sale of the NAFLD TAEUS device in that region. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for our management and personnel, and professional fees, such as for accounting, consulting and legal services. We anticipate continued costs associated with being a public company, including expenses related to services associated with maintaining compliance with The Nasdaq Capital Market and SEC requirements, directors and officers insurance, increased legal and accounting costs and investor relations costs. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Warrant Liability The Company accounts for the liability classified warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging. Such guidance provides criteria for instruments do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. Use of Estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 21 Table of Contents Management makes estimates that affect certain accounts including deferred income tax assets, accrued expenses, fair value of equity instruments and reserves for any other commitments or contingencies. Any adjustments applied to estimates are recognized in the period in which such adjustments are determined. Share-based Compensation Our Omnibus Plan permits the grant of stock options and other stock awards to our employees, consultants and non-employee members of our board of directors. Each January 1 the pool of shares available for issuance under the Omnibus Plan automatically increases by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the number of shares necessary such that the aggregate number of shares available under the Omnibus Plan equals 25 of the number of fully-diluted outstanding shares on the increase date (assuming the conversion of all outstanding shares of preferred stock and other outstanding convertible securities and exercise of all outstanding options and warrants to purchase shares) and (ii) if the board of directors takes action to set a lower amount, the amount determined by the board. On January 1, 2024, the pool of shares issuable under the Omnibus Plan automatically increased by 982 shares from 756 shares to 1,737 shares. As of September 30, 2024, there were 1,458 shares of common stock remaining available for issuance under the Omnibus Plan. We record share-based compensation in accordance with the provisions of the Share-based Compensation Topic of the FASB Codification. The guidance requires the use of option-pricing models that require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the option s expected life and the price volatility of the underlying stock. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates, expected volatility, expected life of the common stock options, and future dividends, and the resulting charge is expensed using the straight-line attribution method over the vesting period. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 of the accompanying financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards. Results of Operations Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Revenue We had no revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Cost of Goods Sold We had no cost of goods sold during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Research and Development Research and development expenses were 794,444 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1,632,849 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 838,405 or 51 . The costs include primarily wages, fees, equipment and third-party costs for the development of our TAEUS product line. Research and development expenses decreased from the prior year as we complete development of our initial TAEUS product and began focusing our spending on clinical trials and commercialization of the product that has been developed. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses were 83,157 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 243,332 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 160,175, or 66 . The costs include primarily headcount and pre-selling activities for our TAEUS product line. Sales and marketing expenses decreased largely due to our restructuring in the second quarter. Currently, our marketing efforts are through our website and attendance of key industry meetings. General and Administrative Our general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 631,413, compared to 1,252,881 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 621,468, or 49 . Our wage and related expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were (142,536), compared to 565,639 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Wage and related expenses in the three months ended September 30, 2024 included (144,445) of cancellation of equity awards in connection with the departure of an executive officer, compared to 67,932 of stock compensation expense related to the issuance and vesting of options for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our professional fees, which include legal, audit, and investor relations, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 598,255, compared to 447,515 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 22 Table of Contents Other Income Other income (expense) was (845,076) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to accounting for warrants. Other income was 28,226 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 873,302 or 3,094 . Net Loss As a result of the foregoing, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a net loss of 2,354,090, compared to a net loss of 3,100,836 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Revenue We had no revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Cost of Goods Sold We had no cost of goods sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Research and Development Research and development expenses were 2,552,336 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 4,424,345 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 1,872,009 or 42 . The costs include primarily wages, fees, equipment and third-party costs for the development of our TAEUS product line. Research and development expenses decreased from the prior year as we completed development of our initial TAEUS product and began focusing our spending on commercialization of the product that has been developed. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses were 484,769 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 672,721 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 187,952, or 28 . The costs include primarily headcount and pre-selling activities for our TAEUS product line. Sales and marketing expenses decreased largely due to the decrease in consulting fees. Currently, our marketing efforts are through our website and attendance of key industry meetings. General and Administrative Our general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 3,483,303 compared to 3,965,889 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 482,586, or 12 . Our wage and related expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,079,942, compared to 1,735,526 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Wage and related expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included 93,545 of stock compensation expense related to the issuance and vesting of options, compared to 252,948 of stock compensation expense related to the issuance and vesting of options, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our professional fees, which include legal, audit, and investor relations, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,820,454, compared to 1,471,850 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other Income Other income (expense) was (838,535) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to accounting for warrants. Other income was 462,241 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and resulted mostly from the completion of the Employer Retention Tax Credit for employee retention in 2021 and 2022 of 413,844. Other income (expense) decreased 1,300,776 or 281 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net Loss As a result of the foregoing, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded a net loss of 7,358,943, compared to a net loss of 8,600,714 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 23 Table of Contents Near-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources We are experiencing financial and operating challenges. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 99,289,095 and had 4,745,187 in cash. To date we have funded our operations through private and public sales of our securities and will need to raise additional funds in order to execute on our business plan, fully commercialize our TAEUS technology, and generate revenues. We need additional capital to allow us to continue to execute our commercialization plans. We are considering potential financing options that may be available to us, such as sales of our common stock, including through our at-the-market sales program. Except for the at-the-market sales program, we have no commitments to obtain any additional funds, and there can be no assurance funds will be available in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms. In addition, the Company agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to effect any issuance of common stock or securities convertible into common stock involving a Variable Rate Transaction, as defined in the Placement Agreement and which includes sales of common stock under the at-the-market sales program, for a period commencing on the date of the Placement Agreement until 180 days following the closing of our June 2024 public offering. If we are unable to obtain sufficient additional financing in a timely fashion and on terms acceptable to us, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and we may not be able to continue operations or execute our stated commercialization plan. The consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred net losses of 7,358,943 and used cash in operations of 5,884,842. In light of our cash balance as of September 30, 2024, we will need to raise additional capital in order to fund operations through the next twelve months, and prior to any ability to fund operations from revenue generated from the sale of our products. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Operating Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 5,884,842 of cash in operating activities primarily as a result of our net loss of 7,358,943, offset by share-based compensation of 467,240, amortization of right of use assets of 124,320, inventory reserve of 4,687, depreciation expense of 35,489, fixed assets write-off of 8,808, warrant expense of 7,323,685, change in fair value of warrant liability of (3,341,829), gain on settlement of warrant exercises of (3,071,252), and net in operating assets and liabilities of 77,047. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we used 7,374,197 of cash in operating activities primarily as a result of our net loss of 8,600,714, offset by share-based compensation of 745,873, depreciation expense of 101,839, amortization of right of use assets of 112,365, and net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 266,440. Investing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 16,000 in investing activities related to purchases of fixed assets, and received 3,204 in proceeds from sale of fixed assets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we used 27,000 in investing activities related to purchases of fixed assets. Financing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our financing activities provided 1,148,470 in proceeds from issuances of common stock, 5,368,363 in proceeds from issuance of warrants, and 1,320,568 in proceeds from the issuance of cashless warrants. We also used 28,484 to repay a loan from TD Bank under the Canadian Emergency Business Account. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, our financing activities provided 5,846,635 in proceeds from issuances of common stock and warrants. 24 Table of Contents Long-Term Liquidity We have not completed the commercialization of any of our TAEUS technology platform applications. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we: advance the engineering design and development of our TAEUS technology; acquire parts and build finished goods inventory of the TAEUS FLIP system; complete regulatory filings required for marketing approval of our NAFLD TAEUS application in the United States, including clinical studies to advance our de novo application with the FDA; seek to hire a small internal marketing team to engage and support channel partners and clinical customers for our NAFLD TAEUS application; expand marketing of our NAFLD TAEUS application; advance development of our other TAEUS applications; and add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development, planned commercialization efforts and our operation as a public company. It is possible that we will not achieve the progress that we expect because the actual costs and timing of completing the development and regulatory approvals for a new medical device are difficult to predict and are subject to substantial risks and delays. We have no committed external sources of funds except for the February 2024 ATM Agreement, the use of which may be limited due to registration statement rules relating to public float. We do not expect that our existing cash will be sufficient for us to complete the commercialization of our NAFLD TAEUS application or to complete the development of any other TAEUS application and we will need to raise substantial additional capital for those purposes. As a result, we will need to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements or other financing alternatives. Our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement and involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results could vary as a result of a number of factors, including the factors discussed in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of revenue from our TAEUS platform applications, if ever, we expect to finance future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate collaborations and licensing arrangements. Additional funds may not be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs or our commercialization efforts or perhaps even cease the operation of our business. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience additional dilution, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. To the extent that we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish some rights to our technologies or applications or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. We may seek to access the public or private capital markets whenever conditions are favorable, even if we do not have an immediate need for additional capital at that time. Off-Balance Sheet Transactions At September 30, 2024, the Company did not have any transactions, obligations or relationships that could be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item 3. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q, management performed, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on the evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We identified the following material weakness as of September 30, 2024: insufficient personnel resources within the accounting function to segregate the duties over financial transaction processing and reporting. 25 Table of Contents To remediate the material weakness, management intends to implement the following measures during 2024, as the Company s resources and financial means allow: Add additional accounting personnel or outside consultants, such as a new controller, to properly segregate duties and to effect timely, accurate preparation of the financial statements; and Continue the development of adequate written accounting policies and procedures. The additional hiring is contingent upon our efforts to obtain additional funding and the results of our operations. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could affect these controls during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are not currently a party to any pending legal proceedings that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. We may, however, be subject to various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business from time to time. Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in this section and under Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2024. These factors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and capital position, and could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical results or the results contemplated by any forward-looking statements contained in this report. Item 2. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities Not applicable. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information None of the Company s directors or officers adopted, modified, or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. 26 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2017) 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2020) 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2024) 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2024) 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-214724), as amended, originally filed on November 21, 2016) 4.1 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 10, 2024) 4.2 Form of Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 31, 2024) 4.3 Form of Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 31, 2024) 4.4 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 10, 2024) 4.5 Form of Amendment to Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2024) 4.6 Form of Amendment to Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2024) 10.1 Employment Agreement, dated August 13, 2024, by and between the Company and Alexander Tokman 31.1 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14a and pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 31.2 Certification of Periodic Report by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14a and pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 32.1 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 101.INS# XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH# XBRL Taxonomy Schema 101.CAL# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE# XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Indicates management compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. Previously filed. # Filed herewith. 27 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ENDRA LIFE SCIENCES INC. Date: November 21, 2024 By: /s/ Alexander Tokman Alexander Tokman Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) ENDRA LIFE SCIENCES INC. Date: November 21, 2024 By: /s/ Richard Jacroux Richard Jacroux Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 endra_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 endra_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Alexander Tokman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ENDRA Life Sciences Inc.: 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. ENDRA LIFE SCIENCES INC. (Registrant) Date: November 21, 2024 By: /s/ Alexander Tokman Alexander Tokman Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 endra_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 endra_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Richard Jacroux, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of ENDRA Life Sciences Inc.: 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. ENDRA LIFE SCIENCES INC. Date: November 21, 2024 By: /s/ Richard Jacroux Richard Jacroux Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 endra_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 endra_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Alexander Tokman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, and Richard Jacroux, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. and will be retained by ENDRA Life Sciences Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. /s/ Alexander Tokman /s/ Richard Jacroux Alexander Tokman Richard Jacroux Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ndra-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ndra-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ndra-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ndra-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

