<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1477815_0001628280-24-046463.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6885748</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119265</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1266546</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2331416</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1682110</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1350050</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-046463.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107192723
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-046463
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sweetgreen, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001477815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				271159215
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41069
		FILM NUMBER:		241437599

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3101 W. EXPOSITION BOULEVARD
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(323) 990-7040

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3101 W. EXPOSITION BOULEVARD
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90018

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-046463.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 sg-20240929.htm
 10-Q

sg-20240929 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from______to______ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 x 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

Table of Contents 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 
 The registrant had shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of November 5, 2024. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market 
 35 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 Part II Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 37 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 38 
 Signatures 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations 
 regarding our revenue, restaurant operating costs, operating expenses, and other results of operations, as well as our key performance metrics; our liquidity and the sufficiency of our capital resources; our expectations regarding financial and macroeconomic trends; our plans regarding innovation, including Infinite Kitchen, and the resulting potential benefit to our business; our ability to achieve or maintain profitability; and management s plans, priorities, initiatives and strategies. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words or phrases such as anticipate, are confident that, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, or would or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. 
 
 You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and operating results. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond our control, that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. In light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include our ability to compete effectively, uncertainties regarding changes in economic conditions and geopolitical events, and the customer behavior trends they drive, our ability to open new restaurants, our ability to effectively identify and secure appropriate sites for new restaurants, our ability to expand into new markets and the risks such expansion presents, the impact of severe weather conditions or natural disasters on our restaurant sales and results of operations, the profitability of new restaurants we may open, and the impact of any such openings on sales at our existing restaurants, our ability to build, deploy, and maintain our proprietary kitchen automation technology, known as the Infinite Kitchen, in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to preserve the value of our brand, food safety and foodborne illness concerns, the effect on our business of increases in labor costs, labor shortages, and difficulties in hiring, training, rewarding and retaining a qualified workforce, the impact of pandemics or disease outbreaks, our ability to achieve profitability in the future, our ability to identify, complete, and integrate acquisitions, the effect on our business of governmental regulation and changes in employment laws, the effect on our business of expenses and potential management distraction associated with litigation, potential privacy and cybersecurity incidents, the effect on our business of restrictions and costs imposed by privacy, data protection, and data security laws, regulations, and industry standards, and our ability to enforce our rights in our intellectual property. Additional information regarding these and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations is included in Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 , and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 In addition, statements that contain we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report. While we believe that information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments. 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY 
 General 
 
 Comparable Restaurant Base. Comparable Restaurant Base for any measurement period is defined as all restaurants that have operated for at least twelve full months as of the end of such measurement period, other than any restaurants that had a material, temporary closure during the relevant measurement period. A restaurant is considered to have had a material, temporary closure if it had no operations for a consecutive period of at least 30 days. One restaurant was excluded from the Comparable Restaurant Base for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. Two restaurants were excluded from our Comparable Restaurant Base for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. Such adjustments did not result in a material change to our key performance metrics. 
 
 Channels 
 
 We have five main sales channels: In-Store, Marketplace, Native Delivery, Outpost and Catering, and Pick-Up. We own and operate all of these channels other than our Marketplace Channel, which is operated by various third-party delivery marketplaces. 
 
 In-Store Channel. In-Store Channel refers to sales to customers who make in-store purchases in our restaurants, whether they pay by cash, credit card, or digital scan-to-pay. Digital scan-to-pay was eliminated during fiscal year 2023. Purchases made in our In-Store Channel via cash or credit card are referred to as Non-Digital transactions, and purchases made in our In-Store Channel via digital scan-to-pay, prior to its elimination, were included as part of our Owned Digital Channels (defined below). 
 
 Marketplace Channel. Marketplace Channel refers to sales to customers for delivery or pick-up made through third-party delivery marketplaces, including Caviar, DoorDash, Grubhub, Postmates, Uber Eats, ezCater, Sharebite, and others. 
 
 Native Delivery Channel. Native Delivery Channel refers to sales to customers for delivery made through the Sweetgreen website or mobile app. 
 
 Outpost and Catering Channel. Outpost and Catering Channel refers to sales to customers for delivery made through the Sweetgreen website or mobile app to our Outposts, which are our designated offsite drop-off points at offices, residential buildings, and hospitals. In addition, our Outpost and Catering Channel includes our catering offerings, which refer to sales to customers made through our catering website for pickup at one of our restaurants or delivery to a customer-specified address. 
 
 Pick-Up Channel. Pick-Up Channel refers to sales to customers made for pick-up at one of our restaurants through the Sweetgreen website or mobile app. 
 
 Owned Digital Channels. Owned Digital Channels encompasses our Pick-Up Channel, Native Delivery Channel, and Outpost and Catering Channel, and purchases made in our In-Store Channel via digital scan-to-pay, prior to the elimination of digital scan-to-pay during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Total Digital Channels. Total Digital Channels consist of our Owned Digital Channels and our Marketplace Channel, and include our revenues from all of our channels except those from Non-Digital transactions made through our In-Store Channel. 
 
 Key Performance Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 For definitions of our key performance metrics, Net New Restaurant Openings, Average Unit Volume AUV ), Same-Store Sales Change, Total Digital Revenue Percentage, and Owned Digital Revenue Percentage, as well as definitions of our Non-GAAP Financial Measures, Restaurant-Level Profit, Restaurant-Level Profit Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, see the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Performance Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 Restaurant-Level Profit, Restaurant-Level Profit Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are financial measures that are not calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). See the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures for more information, including the limitations of such measures, and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable financial measures stated in accordance with GAAP. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 SWEETGREEN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) As of September 29, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses Current portion of lease acquisition costs Other current assets Total current assets Operating lease assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Security deposits Lease acquisition costs, net Restricted cash Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES, AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued payroll Gift cards and loyalty liability Other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Contingent consideration liability Other non-current liabilities Deferred income tax liabilities Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 14) par value per share, Class A shares authorized, and Class A shares issued and outstanding as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; Class B shares authorized, and Class B shares issued and outstanding as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 SWEETGREEN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Revenue 
 Restaurant operating costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization presented separately below): 
 Food, beverage, and packaging 
 Labor and related expenses 
 Occupancy and related expenses 
 Other restaurant operating costs 
 Total restaurant operating costs 
 Operating expenses: 
 General and administrative Depreciation and amortization 
 Pre-opening costs 
 Impairment and closure costs 
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 Restructuring charges Total operating expenses 
 Loss from operations 
 ) ) ) ) Interest income 
 ) ) ) ) Interest expense 
 Other expense 
 Net loss before income taxes 
 ) ) ) ) Income tax expense 
 Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Earnings per share: 
 Net loss per share basic and diluted Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per share basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 SWEETGREEN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 For the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Balances at June 25, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock related to restricted shares Shares repurchased for employee tax withholding ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Balances at September 24, 2023 ) Balances at June 30, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock related to performance stock units 
 Issuance of common stock related to restricted shares Shares repurchased for employee tax withholding ) Stock-based compensation expense Balances at September 29, 2024 ) 

3 

Table of Contents 

 SWEETGREEN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Balances at December 25, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock related to restricted shares Shares repurchased for employee tax withholding ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Balances at September 24, 2023 ) Balances at December 31, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock related to Spyce milestone achievement Issuance of common stock related to performance stock units 
 Issuance of common stock related to restricted shares Shares repurchased for employee tax withholding ) Stock-based compensation expense Balances at September 29, 2024 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 SWEETGREEN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Amortization of lease acquisition 
 Amortization of loan origination fees 
 Amortization of cloud computing arrangements Non-cash operating lease cost Loss on fixed asset disposal 
 Stock-based compensation 
 Non-cash impairment and closure costs 
 Non-cash restructuring charges Deferred income tax expense Change in fair value of contingent consideration liability 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable 
 ) ) Inventory 
 ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable 
 ) Accrued payroll and benefits 
 Accrued expenses 
 Gift card and loyalty liability 
 ) Other non-current liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Purchase of intangible assets 
 ) ) Security and landlord deposits 
 ) ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from stock option exercise 
 Payment of contingent consideration 
 ) Payment associated to shares repurchased for tax withholding ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of year 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 
 Cash paid for interest 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities Purchase of property and equipment accrued in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Non-cash issuance of common stock associated with Spyce milestone achievement 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 SWEETGREEN, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 restaurants in states and Washington, D.C. During the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, the Company had and Net New Restaurant Openings, respectively. 
 The Company was founded in November 2006 and incorporated in the state of Delaware in October 2009 and currently is headquartered in Los Angeles, California. The Company s operations are conducted as operating segment and reportable segment, as the Company s chief operating decision maker, who is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, reviews financial information on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. The Company s revenue is primarily derived from retail sales of food and beverages by company-owned restaurants. The Company has prepared the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP for interim financial statements and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments consisting of normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position and results of operations. Interim results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full year. The financial statements and related notes do not include all information and footnotes required by GAAP for annual reports and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Amounts receivable from sales transactions as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were million and million, respectively. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash, noncurrent 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown on statement of cash flows 
 
 Approximately million of the restricted cash balance as of September 29, 2024 was associated with letters of credit required by the Company s workers compensation insurance policy. The remaining balance was associated with letters of credit from lease agreements. 

2. 
 In-Store Channel (Non-Digital component) Marketplace Channel Total Revenue 
 Gift Cards 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

3. 

The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined based on significant inputs not observable in the market. 
 
 In connection with the Company s acquisition of Spyce on September 7, 2021, the former equity holders of Spyce may receive up to million (in the form of up to additional shares of Class A common stock, calculated based on the initial offering price of the Company s Class A common stock of per share sold in the Company s initial public offering IPO (the Reference Price )), contingent on the achievement of certain performance milestones between the closing date of the acquisition and June 30, 2026. 
 
 Additionally, as of the date of the achievement of any of the milestones, if the Volume-Weighted Average Price of the Company s Class A common stock as of such milestone achievement date VWAP Price is less than the Reference Price, then the Company shall pay to each former equity holder of Spyce, in respect of each share of Class A Common stock issued to such holder upon the achievement of such milestone, an amount in cash equal to the delta between the Reference Price and the VWAP Price. The contingent consideration payable upon the achievement of the three milestones, was valued using the Monte Carlo method. The analysis considered, among other items, the equity value, the contractual terms of the Spyce merger agreement, potential liquidity event scenarios (prior to the IPO), the Company s credit-adjusted discount rate, equity volatility, risk-free rate, and the probability that milestone targets required for issuance of shares under the contingent consideration will be achieved. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the first milestone was achieved, which resulted in former equity holders of Spyce being eligible to receive million, which was paid during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. Of this million, based on a VWAP Price of , million was issued in the form of Class A common stock, and million was paid in cash to the former Spyce equity holders. As the stock was issued and payment was made within one year from December 31, 2023, it was included in other current liabilities within the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and was issued during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. 
 Change in fair value 
 Balance September 29, 2024 
 8 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 
 Computers and other equipment 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Assets not yet placed in service 
 Total property and equipment 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Depreciation expense for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 As of September 29, 2024, the Company had facilities under construction due to open during fiscal years 2024 and 2025. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had facilities under construction, all of which were opened in fiscal year 2024. Depreciation commences after a store opens and the related assets are placed in service. 
 
 million and million , respectively . Total research and development cost for both the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 million. Research and development cost is recorded within general and administrative cost in the Company s accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations . 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 million. 
 Developed technology Total intangible assets 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 

Developed technology intangible assets were recognized in conjunction with the Company s acquisition of Spyce on September 7, 2021. The estimated useful life of developed technology is and the assets were placed into service during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million for both the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023. 
 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was million and million for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 
 6. 
 Accrued general and sales tax Rent deferrals and accrued rent 
 Accrued settlements and legal fees Accrued delivery fee Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses 
 
 7. 
 million (subsequently increased to million) in the aggregate principal amount under the refinanced revolving facility and (ii) up to million in the aggregate principal amount under a delayed draw term loan facility, which expired on December 14, 2021, and which was never drawn on. The refinanced revolving facility 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 days prior to the scheduled maturity date for any portion of such permitted convertible debt or unsecured indebtedness. 
 On May 9, 2022, the Company and Eagle Bank amended the 2020 Credit Facility to allow for the issuance of Letters of Credit of up to million. In connection therewith, the Company entered into a irrevocable standby Letter of Credit with Eagle Bank with The Travelers Indemnity Company as the beneficiary in connection with the Company s workers compensation insurance policy. 
 
 On December 13, 2022, the Company and Eagle Bank amended the 2020 Credit Facility to extend the maturity date from December 14, 2022 to December 13, 2024. The amendment also increased the revolving facility cap by million, to allow for the Company to borrow up to million in the aggregate principal amount under the refinanced revolving facility. The Company incurred million of loan origination fees related to the amendment, which was recorded within other current assets on the audited consolidated balance sheets and will be amortized over the life of the facility. Under the 2020 Credit Facility, interest accrues on the outstanding loan balance and is payable monthly at a rate of the adjusted one-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, plus , with a floor on the interest rate at . As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding balance under the 2020 Credit Facility. 
 On April 26, 2023, the Company and Eagle Bank further amended the 2020 Credit Facility to allow for an increase to the issuance of Letters of Credit of up to million. In connection therewith, the Company increased its irrevocable standby Letter of Credit with Eagle Bank to million, with The Travelers Indemnity Company as the beneficiary in connection with the Company s workers compensation insurance policy. On September 17, 2024 the irrevocable standby Letter of Credit with Eagle Bank of million was cancelled, as it was no longer required under the Company s workers compensation insurance policy. 
 Under the 2020 Credit Facility, the Company is required to maintain certain levels of liquidity (defined as total cash and cash equivalents on hand plus the available amount under the revolving facility) which liquidity amount shall be no less than the trailing -day cash burn. The Company was in compliance with the applicable financial covenants as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 The obligations under the 2020 Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company s existing and future material subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of the Company s and subsidiaries guarantor s assets. The 2020 Credit Facility also restricts the Company s ability, and the ability of the Company s subsidiary guarantors, to, among other things, incur liens; incur additional indebtedness; transfer or dispose of assets; make acquisitions, change the nature of the business; guarantee obligations; pay dividends to shareholders or repurchase stock; and make advances, loans, or other investments. The 2020 Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, failure to pay the outstanding loans or accrued interest on the due date. 

8. 
 
 years, with options to extend these leases for additional periods of to years. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Variable lease cost Occupancy and related expense General and administrative expense Short term lease cost Occupancy and related expense General and administrative expense Sublease income General and administrative expense ) Total lease cost 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Total 
 Less: imputed interest Total lease liabilities 
 
 As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the Company had additional operating lease commitments of million and million, respectively, for non-cancelable leases without a possession date, which the Company anticipates will commence in the near future. The nature of such lease commitments is consistent with the nature of the leases that the Company has executed thus far. 
 
 Weighted average discount rate: Operating Leases 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023: 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases, net of lease incentives Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 Shares reserved for achievement of Spyce milestones Shares reserved for employee stock purchase plan RSUs and PSUs outstanding under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan and 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Shares available for future issuance under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Total reserved shares of common stock 
 
 10. 
 
 , which is the sum of (i) new shares, plus (ii) an additional number of shares consisting of (a) shares that were available for the issuance of awards under any prior equity incentive plans in place (which shall include the Prior Stock Plans (as defined below)) and the options to purchase certain shares of common stock, assumed by the Company, pursuant to the Spyce Food Co. 2016 Stock Option and Grant Plan, prior to the time the Company s 2021 Plan became effective and (b) any shares of the Company s common stock subject to outstanding stock options or other stock awards granted under the Prior Stock Plans that on or after the Company s 2021 Plan became effective, terminate or expire prior to the exercise or settlement; are not issued because the award is settled in cash; are forfeited because of the failure to vest; or are reacquired or withheld (or not issued) to satisfy a tax withholding obligation or the purchase or exercise price. Options granted during, or prior to, the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 generally have vesting terms between and and have a contractual life of years. 
 
 The Company issues shares of Class A common stock upon the vesting and settlement of RSUs and upon the exercises of stock options under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan is administered by the Company s board of directors (the Board ), or a duly authorized committee of the Board. 
 
 2009 Stock Plan and 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 Prior to the Company s IPO, the Company granted stock options, RSUs and performance-based restricted stock awards PSUs to its employees, as well as non-employees (including directors and others who provide substantial services to the Company) under the Company s 2009 Stock Plan and 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (collectively, the Prior Stock Plans ). Awards permitted to be granted under the Prior Stock Plans include incentive stock options to the Company s employees and non-qualified stock options to the Company s employees and non-employees, as well as stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, RSUs (including PSUs), and other forms of stock awards to the Company s employees, directors and consultants and any of the Company s affiliated employees and consultants. 
 
 Options granted in the fiscal year ended December 26, 2021 and prior generally have vesting terms between and and have a contractual life of years. No further stock awards will be granted under the Prior Stock Plans now that the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan is effective; however, awards outstanding under the Prior Stock Plans will continue to be governed by their existing terms. 
 
 Spyce Acquisition 
 13 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, related to the vested portion of such shares. 
 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 In conjunction with the IPO, the Board adopted, and the Company s stockholders approved, the Company s 2021 employee stock purchase plan (the ESPP ). The Company s ESPP authorizes the issuance of shares of common stock under purchase rights granted to the Company s employees or to the employees of any of its designated affiliates. The number of shares of the Company s common stock reserved for issuance will automatically increase on January 1 of each year for a period of years, which began on January 1, 2023, by the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on December 31 of the immediately preceding year; and (ii) shares, except before the date of any such increase, the Board may determine that such increase will be less than the amount set forth in clauses (i) and (ii). On January 1, 2023 the ESPP authorized shares increased by to in accordance with the above. The Board delegated the authority to manage the ESPP to the Compensation Committee of the Board, which provided that there would be no increase in the share reserve for the ESPP for calendar year 2024. 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, there had bee n no offering period or purchase period under the ESPP , and no such period will begin unless and until determined by the administrator. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options expired ) Balance September 29, 2024 Exercisable September 29, 2024 Vested and expected to vest September 29, 2024 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited ) Options expired ) Balance September 24, 2023 Exercisable September 24, 2023 Vested and expected to vest September 24, 2023 
 The weighted-average fair value of options granted during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 The fair value of each option granted has been estimated as of the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company has elected to account for forfeitures as they occur. 
 As of September 29, 2024, there was million in unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period years . 
 
 Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units 
 
 Restricted stock units 
 
 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Balance September 29, 2024 

(dollar amounts in thousands except per share amounts) 
 Number of Shares Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Balance December 25, 2022 
 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Balance September 24, 2023 

As of September 29, 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to RS Us was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The fair value of shares released as of the vesting date during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 wa s million. 
 
 Performance stock units 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Released ) Forfeited ) Balance September 29, 2024 

There was no PSU activity during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. 
 
 In October 2021, the Company granted PSUs to each founder (the founder PSUs for a total of PSUs, under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. The founder PSUs vest upon the satisfaction of a service condition and the achievement of certain stock price goals. During the thirteen weeks ending September 29, 2024, the service condition and initial stock price goal were met, resulting in PSUs vesting and being released for each founder during that period. The fair value of shares released as of the vesting date during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was million, solely related to the founder PSUs, and the Company incurred 0.5 million in payroll taxes associated with the transaction. As of September 29, 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to the founder PSUs was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Subsequent to the Company s IPO, the Company issued PSUs to the Spyce founders Spyce PSUs based on separate performance-based milestone targets. During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, the Company modified the number of shares underlying these grants and the vesting terms to remove the performance-based component, resulting in the total number of shares decreasing to , all of which are scheduled to vest on March 15, 2025. The expense related to these RSUs is included within the RSU section above. 
 
 Restricted stock units Performance stock units Total stock-based compensation 
 
 11. 
 million and million in income tax expense, respectively. For the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, there were no significant discrete items recorded and the Company recorded million and million in income tax expense, respectively. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed into law the CARES Act (as defined below). Intended to provide economic relief to those impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, the CARES Act includes provisions, among others, to enhance business liquidity and provide for refundable employee retention tax credits ERC ), which could be used to offset payroll tax liabilities. On March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act ARPA ). The ARPA includes several provisions, such as measures that extend and expand the ERC, previously enacted under the CARES Act, through September 30, 2021. As there is no authoritative 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million within Labor and other related expenses and million within general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 as an offset to Social Security tax expense. As of September 29, 2024 the Company has recei million in cash payments, reducing the ERC receivable within other current assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet to million. 
 
 12. ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic and diluted Earnings per share basic and diluted 
 
 The Company s potentially dilutive securities, which include preferred stock, time-based vesting restricted stock units, performance stock units, contingently issuable stock and options to purchase common stock, have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share as the effect would be antidilutive. Therefore, the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding used to calculate both basic and diluted net loss per share is the same. 
 
 Time-based vesting restricted stock units Performance stock units Contingently issuable stock Total common stock equivalents 
 
 13. 
 million and 0.9 million, respectively. For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 

14. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. See the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Quarterly Report. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to we, us, our, the Company, or Sweetgreen refer to Sweetgreen, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Overview 
 We are a mission-driven, next generation restaurant and lifestyle brand that serves healthy food at scale. Our bold vision is to be as ubiquitous as traditional fast food, but with the transparency and quality that consumers increasingly expect. As of September 29, 2024, we owned a nd operated 236 restaurants in 22 s tates and Washington, D.C. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Business 
 Expanding Restaurant Footprint 
 
 Opening new restaurants is an important driver of our revenue growth. During the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, we had 5 and 15 Net New Restaurant Openings, respectively. During the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023, we had 15 and 34 Net New Restaurant Openings, respectively, bringing our total count as of September 29, 2024 to 236 restaurants in 22 states and Washington, D.C. 
 
 Real Estate Selection 
 We utilize a rigorous, data-driven real estate selection process to identify the location and timing of opening new restaurants, both in new and existing U.S. markets and in urban and suburban areas, with both high anticipated foot or vehicle traffic and proximity to workplaces, residences and other restaurant and retail businesses that support our multi-channel approach, including our Native Delivery, Marketplace Delivery and Outpost and Catering Channels. 
 Macroeconomic Conditions, Inflation, and Supply Chain Constraints 
 Consumer spending on food outside the home fluctuates with macroeconomic conditions. Consumers tend to allocate higher spending to food outside the home when macroeconomic conditions are stronger, and reduce spending on food outside the home during weaker economies. Our customers have in the past demonstrated a willingness to pay a premium for a craveable, convenient, and healthier alternative to traditional fast-food and fast-casual offerings. However, as a premium offering in the fast-casual industry, we are exposed both to consumers trading the convenience of food away from home for the cost benefit of cooking, and to consumers selecting less expensive fast-casual alternatives during weaker economic periods. 
 While we have historically been able to partially offset inflation and other increases in the costs of core operating resources, such as wage increases and increases in cost of goods sold, by gradually increasing menu prices or other customer fees, such as service fees and delivery fees, coupled with more efficient purchasing practices, productivity improvements, and greater economies of scale, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so in the current macroeconomic environment or regulatory environment or in the future. In particular, current and future macroeconomic conditions could cause additional menu price increases to negatively impact our Same Store Sales Growth. There can be no assurance that future cost increases, including as a result of inflation, can be offset by increased menu prices or that our current or future menu prices will be fully absorbed by our customers without any resulting change to their demand for our products. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 During the first fiscal quarter of 2023, there was an interruption by our supplier to the supply of packaging to our stores. This caused a disruption in our stores, as well as higher costs of packaging materials, which negatively impacted our restaurant operating costs during that period. 
 During the second quarter of 2024, we introduced steak as a new protein to our menu, which adds a new ingredient for our customer base. With the introduction of beef on our menu, we have experienced and could continue to experience an increase in commodity costs. 
 Seasonality 
 Our revenue fluctuates as a result of seasonal factors and weather conditions. Historically, our revenue has been lower in the first and fourth fiscal quarters of the year due, in part, to the holiday season and the fact that fewer people eat out during periods of inclement weather (generally the winter months, though inclement weather conditions may occur in certain markets at any time of the year) than during periods of mild to warm weather (the spring, summer, and fall months). In addition, a core part of our menu, salads, has proven to be more popular among consumers in the warmer months. In recent years, as consumer behavior trends have changed, due in part to the emergence of hybrid or remote work environments, the seasonality in our business has been less predictable than in prior years although we have seen an increased and prolonged negative impact on our revenue around national holidays. 
 Sales Channel Mix 
 
 Our revenue is derived from sales of food and beverage to customers through our five sales channels: In-Store Channel, Pick-Up Channel, Native Delivery Channel, Marketplace Channel, and Outpost and Catering Channel. There have been historical fluctuations in the mix of sales between our various channels. Due to the fact that our Native Delivery, Outpost and Catering, and Marketplace Channels require the payment of third-party fees in order to fulfill deliveries, sales through these channels have historically negatively impacted our margins. Additionally, historically, orders on our Native Delivery, Outpost and Catering and Marketplace Channels have resulted in a higher rate of refunds and credits than our In-Store and Pick-Up Channels, which has a negative impact on revenue from these channels. We have also historically prioritized promotions and discounts on our Owned Digital Channels, which also reduces revenue from these channels. If we see a shift in sales through the Native Delivery, Outpost and Catering, and Marketplace channels, our margins may decrease. However, over time, we expect that our margins will improve on our Native Delivery, Outpost and Catering, and Marketplace Channels as we scale each of these channels. 
 
 Key Performance Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We track the following key performance metrics and non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. We believe that these key performance metrics, which include certain non-GAAP financial measures, provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management team. These key performance metrics and non-GAAP financial measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only, should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, and may be different from similarly titled metrics or measures presented by other companies. 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Net New Restaurant Openings 5 15 15 34 Average Unit Volume (as adjusted) (1) 
 2,907 2,905 2,907 2,905 Same-Store Sales Change ) (as adjusted) (2) 
 6 4 7 4 Total Digital Revenue Percentage 55 58 56 59 Owned Digital Revenue Percentage 29 37 31 37 
 (1) One restaurant was excluded from the Comparable Restaurant Base for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024. Two restaurants were excluded from the Comparable Restaurant Base for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. Such adjustments did not result in a material change to AUV. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 (2) Our results for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 have been adjusted to reflect the temporary closures of two and five restaurants, respectively, which were excluded from the calculation of Same-Store Sales Change. Such adjustments did not result in a material change to Same-Store Sales Change. Our results for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023 have been adjusted to reflect the temporary closures of zero and two restaurants, respectively, which were excluded from the calculation of Same-Store Sales Change. Such adjustments did not result in a material change to Same-Store Sales Change. 
 Net New Restaurant Openings 
 
 Net New Restaurant Openings reflect the number of new Sweetgreen restaurant openings during a given reporting period, net of any permanent Sweetgreen restaurant closures during the same given period. Before we open new restaurants, we incur pre-opening costs, as further described below. During fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2025, we plan to integrate our Infinite Kitchen into a greater number of our new restaurants. 
 
 Average Unit Volume 
 
 AUV is defined as the average trailing revenue for the prior four fiscal quarters for all restaurants in the Comparable Restaurant Base. The measure of AUV allows us to assess changes in guest traffic and per transaction patterns at our restaurants. Fiscal year 2023 was a 53-week year, and in order to provide a measurement period that is consistent with comparable periods that span a 52-week year, rather than simply excluding the extra week, we applied an averaging methodology to the last period of fiscal 2023 to adjust for the extra week. Comparable Restaurant Base for any measurement period is defined as all restaurants that have operated for at least twelve full months as of the end of such measurement period, other than any restaurants that had a material, temporary closure during the relevant measurement period. For the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 , one restaurant was excluded from the Comparable Restaurant Base. For the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, two restaurants were excluded from the Comparable Restaurant Base. Such adjustments did not result in a material change to AUV. 
 
 Same-Store Sales Change 
 
 Same-Store Sales Change reflects the percentage change in year-over-year revenue for the relevant fiscal period for all restaurants that have operated for at least 13 full fiscal months as of the end of such fiscal period, excluding the 14th week in any 14-week period and the 53rd week in any 53-week period, as applicable; provided, that for any restaurant that has had a temporary closure (which historically has been defined as a closure of at least five days during which the restaurant would have otherwise been open) during any prior or current fiscal month, such fiscal month, as well as the corresponding fiscal month for the prior or current fiscal year, as applicable, will be excluded when calculating Same-Store Sales Change for that restaurant. Fiscal year 2023 was a 53-week year, which resulted in a misalignment in our comparable weeks in fiscal year 2024. To adjust for this misalignment, in calculating Same-Store Sales Change for each fiscal quarter and the full fiscal year 2024, we shifted each week within fiscal year 2023 forward by one week to better align with the 2024 calendar year, specifically to match the timing of holidays and achieve a more accurate comparable Same-Store Sales Change to the prior period. During the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 , two and five restaurants were excluded from the calculation of Same-Store Sales Change, respectively. During the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, zero and two restaurants were excluded from the calculation of Same-Store Sales Change, respectively. Such adjustments did not result in a material change to Same-Store Sales Change. This measure highlights the performance of existing restaurants, while excluding the impact of new restaurant openings and closures. 

Total Digital Revenue Percentage and Owned Digital Revenue Percentage 
 
 Our Total Digital Revenue Percentage is the percentage of our revenue attributed to purchases made through our Total Digital Channels. Our Owned Digital Revenue Percentage is the percentage of our revenue attributed to purchases made through our Owned Digital Channels. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our consolidated financial statements, which are presented in accordance with GAAP, we present certain non-GAAP financial measures, including Restaurant-Level Profit, Restaurant-Level Profit Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. We believe these measures are useful to investors and others in evaluating our performance because these measures: 
 
 facilitate operating performance comparisons from period to period by isolating the effects of some 
 items that vary from period to period without any correlation to core operating performance or that 
 vary widely among similar companies. These potential differences may be caused by variations in 
 capital structures (affecting interest expense), tax positions (such as the impact on periods or 
 companies of changes in effective tax rates or NOL), and the age and book depreciation of facilities 
 and equipment (affecting relative depreciation expense); 
 are widely used by analysts, investors, and competitors to measure a company s operating performance; are used by our management and board of directors for various purposes, including as measures of performance, and as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting; and 
 are used internally for a number of benchmarks, including to compare our performance to that of our competitors. 
 
 Restaurant-Level Profit, Restaurant-Level Profit Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. In particular, Restaurant-Level Profit and Adjusted EBITDA should not be viewed as substitutes for, or superior to, loss from operations or net loss prepared in accordance with GAAP as a measure of profitability. Some of these limitations are: 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Restaurant-Level Profit and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect all cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; 
 Restaurant-Level Profit and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 Restaurant-Level Profit and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the impact of the recording or release of valuation allowances or tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; 
 Restaurant-Level Profit and Adjusted EBITDA do not consider the potentially dilutive impact of stock-based compensation; 
 Restaurant-Level Profit is not indicative of overall results of the Company and does not accrue directly to the benefit of stockholders, as corporate-level expenses are excluded; 
 Adjusted EBITDA does not take into account any income or costs that management determines are not indicative of ongoing operating performance, such as stock-based compensation; loss on disposal of property and equipment; other (income) expense; Spyce acquisition costs; our enterprise resource planning system ERP implementation and related costs; legal settlements; and certain other expenses as described in more detail below; and 
 other companies, including those in our industry, may calculate Restaurant-Level Profit and Adjusted EBITDA differently, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 Because of these limitations, you should consider Restaurant-Level Profit, Restaurant-Level Profit Margin, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin alongside other financial performance measures, loss from operations, net loss, and our other GAAP results. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 Restaurant-Level Profit and Restaurant-Level Profit Margin 
 
 We define Restaurant-Level Profit as loss from operations adjusted to exclude general and administrative expense, depreciation and amortization, pre-opening costs, loss on disposal of property and equipment, and in certain periods, impairment and closure costs and restructuring charges. Restaurant-Level Profit Margin is Restaurant-Level Profit as a percentage of revenue. 
 
 As it excludes general and administrative expense, which is primarily attributable to our corporate headquarters, which we refer to as our Sweetgreen Support Center, we evaluate Restaurant-Level Profit and Restaurant-Level Profit Margin as a measure of profitability of our restaurants. 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of our loss from operations to Restaurant-Level Profit, as well as the calculation of loss from operations margin and Restaurant-Level Profit Margin for each of the periods indicated: 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Loss from operations (21,175) (26,487) (64,274) (93,055) Add back: General and administrative 36,777 35,963 112,844 111,220 Depreciation and amortization 16,905 15,682 50,069 43,310 Pre-opening costs 1,759 2,522 4,295 8,190 Impairment and closure costs 114 132 388 479 Loss on disposal of property and equipment (1) 
 63 489 178 547 Restructuring charges (2) 
 498 812 1,497 6,448 Restaurant-Level Profit 
 34,941 29,113 104,997 77,139 Loss from operations margin 
 (12) (17) (12) (22) Restaurant-Level Profit Margin 
 20 19 20 18 
 __________ 
 __ 
 (1) Loss on disposal of property and equipment includes the loss on disposal of assets related to retirements and replacement or write-off of leasehold improvements or equipment. 
 (2) Restructuring charges are expenses that are paid in connection with reorganization of our operations. These costs primarily include lease and related costs associated with our vacated former Sweetgreen Support Center, including the impairment and the amortization of the operating lease asset . 

23 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as net loss adjusted to exclude income tax expense, interest income, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, loss on disposal of property and equipment, other (income) expense, Spyce acquisition costs, ERP implementation and related costs, legal settlements, and certain other expenses during the period that management determines are not indicative of ongoing operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of our net loss to Adjusted EBITDA, as well as the calculation of net loss margin and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for each of the periods indicated: 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Net loss (20,816) (25,055) (61,343) (85,970) Non-GAAP adjustments: Income tax expense 90 318 270 954 Interest income (2,754) (3,381) (8,690) (9,694) Interest expense 26 19 242 58 Depreciation and amortization 16,905 15,682 50,069 43,310 Stock-based compensation (1) 
 9,685 11,466 30,214 40,133 Loss on disposal of property and equipment (2) 
 63 489 178 547 Impairment and closure costs (3) 
 114 132 388 479 Other expense (4) 
 2,279 1,612 5,247 1,597 Spyce acquisition costs (5) 
 148 470 Restructuring charges (6) 
 498 812 1,497 6,448 ERP implementation and related costs (7) 
 229 222 682 657 Legal settlements (8) 
 15 36 65 Employer portion of the founder performance stock unit payroll taxes (9) 
 491 491 Adjusted EBITDA 
 6,810 2,479 19,281 (946) Net loss margin 
 (12) (16) (12) (20) Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 4 2 4 
 __________ 
 __ 
 (1) Includes non-cash, stock-based compensation. 
 (2) Loss on disposal of property and equipment includes the loss on disposal of assets related to retirements and replacement or write-off of leasehold improvements or equipment. 
 (3) Includes costs related to impairment of long-lived assets and store closures. 
 (4) Other expense includes the change in fair value of the contingent consideration. See Note 3 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 (5) Spyce acquisition costs includes one-time costs we incurred in order to acquire Spyce including, severance payments, retention bonuses, and valuation and legal expenses. 
 (6) Restructuring charges are expenses that are paid in connection with reorganization of our operations. These costs primarily include lease and related non-cash expenses associated with our vacated former Sweetgreen Support Center, including the impairment and the amortization of the operating lease asset. 
 (7) Represents the amortization costs associated to the implementation from our cloud computing arrangements in relation to our ERP. 
 (8) Expenses recorded for accruals related to the settlements of legal matters. 
 (9) Includes the employer portion of payroll taxes related to the vesting of 300,000 performance stock units released to each founder during the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024. 

Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We recognize food and beverage revenue, net of discounts and incentives, when payment is tendered at the point of sale as the performance obligation has been satisfied, through our three disaggregated revenue channels: Owned Digital Channels, In-Store-Channel (Non-Digital component), and Marketplace Channel. Provisions for 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 discounts are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. Sales taxes and other taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a net basis, and as such, are excluded from revenue. We expect revenue to increase as we focus on opening additional restaurants, diversify and expand our menu, make investments in our Owned Digital Channels to attract new customers and increase order frequency in our existing customers, as well as any increases in the price of our menu items. 
 Gift Cards 
 We also sell gift cards that do not have an expiration date. Upon sale, gift cards are recorded as unearned revenue and included within gift card liability in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. The revenue from gift cards is recognized when redeemed by customers. Because we do not track addresses of gift card purchasers, the relevant jurisdiction related to the requirement for escheatment, the legal obligation to remit unclaimed assets to the state, is our state of incorporation, which is Delaware. The state of Delaware requires escheatment after five years from issuance. We do not recognize breakage income because of our requirements to escheat unredeemed gift card balances. 
 Delivery 
 The majority of our restaurant locations offer a delivery option. Delivery services are fulfilled by third-party service providers whether delivery is ordered through our Native Delivery Channel or Marketplace Channel. With respect to Native Delivery Channel sales, we control the delivery services and recognize revenue, including delivery revenue, when the delivery partner transfers food or beverage to the customer. For these sales, we receive payment directly from the customer at the time of sale. With respect to Marketplace Channel sales, we recognize revenue, excluding delivery fees collected by the delivery partner as we do not control the delivery service, when control of the food or beverage is delivered to the end customer. We receive payment from the delivery partner subsequent to the transfer of food and the payment terms are short-term in nature. For all delivery sales, we are considered the principal and recognize the revenue on a gross basis. For a more detailed discussion of our third-party delivery fees and our expectations regarding our margins, see the section titled Sales Channel Mix above. 
 Restaurant Operating Costs, Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization 
 Food, Beverage, and Packaging 
 Food, beverage, and packaging costs include the direct costs associated with food, beverage, and packaging of our menu items. We anticipate food, beverage and packaging costs on an absolute dollar basis will increase for the foreseeable future to the extent we experience additional in-store orders, as we open additional restaurants, and as a result our revenue grows. Food, beverage, and packaging costs as a percentage of revenue may vary, as these costs are impacted by menu mix and fluctuations in commodity costs, inflation, and availability, as well as geographic scale and proximity. We will continue to innovate in key areas, including menu, which could lead to increases in commodity costs as we add items such as beef to our menu. 
 Labor and Related Expenses 
 Labor and related expenses include salaries, bonuses, benefits, payroll taxes, workers compensation expenses, and other expenses related to our restaurant employees. As with other variable expense items, we expect labor costs to grow as our revenue grows. Other factors that influence labor costs include each jurisdiction s minimum wage and payroll tax legislation, inflation, the strength of the labor market for hourly employees, benefit costs, health care costs, and the size and location of our restaurants. 
 Occupancy and Related Expenses 
 Occupancy and related expenses consist of restaurant-level occupancy expenses (including rent, common area maintenance CAM expenses and real estate taxes), and exclude occupancy expenses associated with unopened restaurants, which are recorded separately in pre-opening costs. We anticipate occupancy and related expenses on an absolute dollar basis will increase for the foreseeable future to the extent we continue to open new restaurants and revenue grows. Occupancy and related expenses as a percentage of revenue are impacted by geographic location, type of restaurant build, and amount of revenue. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Other Restaurant Operating Costs 
 Other restaurant operating costs include other operating expenses incidental to operating our restaurants, such as repairs and maintenance, utilities, certain local taxes, third-party delivery fees, non-perishable supplies, restaurant-level marketing, credit card fees and property insurance. We expect that other restaurant operating costs will increase on an absolute dollar basis for the foreseeable future to the extent we continue to open new restaurants and our revenue grows. Other restaurant operating costs as a percentage of revenue are expected to increase in line with growth in our Native Delivery, Outpost and Catering, and Marketplace Channels, as these channels require us to pay third-party delivery fees. However, as revenue increases, we expect that other restaurant operating costs, such as repairs and maintenance and property insurance, as a percentage of revenue will decline. 
 Operating Expenses 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of operations, technology, finance, legal, human resources, administrative personnel, and other personnel costs that support restaurant development and operations, as well as stock-based compensation expense and brand-related marketing. As a percentage of revenue, we expect our general and administrative expenses to vary from period to period and to decrease over time. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization include the depreciation of fixed assets, including leasehold improvements and equipment, and the amortization of external costs, certain internal costs directly associated with developing computer software applications for internal use, and developed technology acquired as part of our Spyce acquisition. We expect that depreciation and amortization expenses will increase on an absolute dollar basis as we continue to build new restaurants and make investments in our digital platform. 
 Pre-Opening Costs 
 Pre-opening costs primarily consist of rent, wages, travel for training and restaurant opening teams, food, marketing, and other restaurant costs that we incur prior to the opening or during the major renovation, of a restaurant. These expenses will increase in proportion to the increase of our new restaurant openings and major renovations. These costs are expensed as incurred. Pre-opening costs depend on the number of new restaurants and major restaurant renovations we open during each period or are planning to open in future periods. As a result, while we expect that pre-opening costs on an absolute dollar basis will fluctuate from period to period, we expect pre-opening costs to begin to increase in fiscal year 2025 in connection with the reacceleration of our new restaurant growth rate described above. 
 Impairment and Closure Costs 
 
 Impairment includes impairment charges related to our long-lived assets, which include property and equipment, and operating lease assets. 
 
 Loss on Disposal of Property and Equipment 
 Loss on disposal of property and equipment includes the net book value of assets that have been retired and consists primarily of furniture, equipment and fixtures that were replaced in the normal course of business. 
 
 Restructuring Charges 
 
 Restructuring charges are expenses that are paid in connection with the reorganization of our operations. These costs primarily include operating lease asset impairment costs related to our vacated former Sweetgreen Support Center, as well as the amortization of the underlying operating lease asset and related real estate and CAM charges, severance and related benefits from workforce reductions at our Sweetgreen Support Center, and costs related to abandoning certain potential future restaurant sites, which are a result of our efforts to streamline our future new restaurant openings, and other related expenses. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income and Interest Expense 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents. Interest expense includes mainly amortization of deferred financing costs from our debt origination and commitment fees. 
 Other Expense 
 Other expense consists primarily of changes in the fair value of our contingent consideration liability. We will continue to remeasure the liability associated with our contingent consideration liability until the underlying service conditions are met, or the performance period expires. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense consists of federal and state tax expense on our operating activity, and changes to our deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability. For additional information, see Note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023: 
 
 Thirteen weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Dollar Change Percentage Change Revenue 
 173,431 153,428 20,003 13 Restaurant operating costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization presented separately below): 
 Food, beverage, and packaging 47,706 41,754 5,952 14 Labor and related expenses 47,520 43,750 3,770 9 Occupancy and related expenses 15,054 13,961 1,093 8 Other restaurant operating costs 28,210 24,850 3,360 14 Total cost of restaurant operations 
 138,490 124,315 14,175 11 Operating expenses: 
 General and administrative 36,777 35,963 814 2 Depreciation and amortization 16,905 15,682 1,223 8 Pre-opening costs 1,759 2,522 (763) (30 Impairment and closure costs 
 114 132 (18) (14 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 63 489 (426) (87 Restructuring charges 498 812 (314) (39 Total operating expenses 56,116 55,600 516 1 Loss from operations (21,175) (26,487) 5,312 (20 Interest income (2,754) (3,381) 627 (19 Interest expense 26 19 7 37 Other expense (income) 
 2,279 1,612 667 41 Net loss before income taxes (20,726) (24,737) 4,011 (16 Income tax expense 90 318 (228) (72 Net loss (20,816) (25,055) 4,239 (17 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes our results of operations for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023: 
 
 Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Dollar Change Percentage Change Revenue 
 515,922 431,015 84,907 20 Restaurant operating costs (exclusive of depreciation and amortization presented separately below): 
 Food, beverage, and packaging 141,307 118,333 22,974 19 Labor and related expenses 142,954 126,506 16,448 13 Occupancy and related expenses 44,523 40,117 4,406 11 Other restaurant operating costs 82,141 68,920 13,221 19 Total cost of restaurant operations 
 410,925 353,876 57,049 16 Operating expenses: 
 General and administrative 112,844 111,220 1,624 1 Depreciation and amortization 50,069 43,310 6,759 16 Pre-opening costs 4,295 8,190 (3,895) (48 Impairment and closure costs 
 388 479 (91) (19 Loss on disposal of property and equipment 178 547 (369) (67 Restructuring charges 1,497 6,448 (4,951) (77 Total operating expenses 169,271 170,194 (923) (1 Loss from operations (64,274) (93,055) 28,781 (31 Interest income (8,690) (9,694) 1,004 (10 Interest expense 242 58 184 317 Other expense (income) 
 5,247 1,597 3,650 229 Net loss before income taxes (61,073) (85,016) 23,943 (28 Income tax expense 270 954 (684) (72 Net loss (61,343) (85,970) 24,627 (29 
 
 Revenue 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Revenue 
 173,431 153,428 13 515,922 431,015 20 Average Unit Volume 
 2,907 2,905 2,907 2,905 Same-Store Sales Change 
 6 4 2 7 4 3 
 The increase in revenue for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to an increase of 12.4 million of incremental revenue associated with 31 Net New Restaurant Openings during or subsequent to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. The increase in revenue was also due to an increase in Comparable Restaurant Base revenue of 8.5 million resulting in a positive Same-Store Sales Change of 6 consisting of a 4 benefit from menu price increases that were implemented subsequent to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023 and a 2 increase due to traffic and favorable product mix. These increases were partially offset by a 0.4 million decrease in fiscal year-over-year comparable restaurant sales, which would have been reflected in our Same-Store Sales Change had we not adjusted for the misalignment in our comparable weeks resulting from fiscal year 2023 being a 53-week year, as described above. 
 The increase in revenue for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to an increase of 51.7 million of incremental revenue associated with 50 Net New Restaurant Openings during or subsequent to the 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. The increase in revenue was also due to an increase in Comparable Restaurant Base revenue of 28.9 million, resulting in a positive Same-Store Sales Change of 7 , consisting of a 5 benefit from menu price increases that were implemented subsequent to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023 and a 2 increase due to traffic and favorable product mix. The remaining 5.0 million of the increase was due to additional fiscal year-over-year comparable restaurant sales growth, which would have been reflected in our Same-Store Sales Change had we not adjusted for the misalignment in our comparable weeks resulting from fiscal year 2023 being a 53-week year, as described above. 
 Restaurant Operating Costs 
 Food, Beverage, and Packaging 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Food, beverage, and packaging 
 47,706 41,754 14 141,307 118,333 19 As a percentage of total revenue 
 28 27 1 27 27 
 
 The increase in food, beverage, and packaging costs for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the 31 Net New Restaurant Openings during or subsequent to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023, as well as higher protein cost. 
 
 The increase in food, beverage, and packaging costs for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the 50 Net New Restaurant Openings during or subsequent to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, and higher protein cost. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in packaging costs, which were higher in the prior-year period due to a packaging supply chain disruption. 
 
 As a percentage of revenue, food, beverage, and packaging costs for both the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 remained relatively consistent compared to the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, respectively, primarily due to an increase in revenue proportional to the increase in food, beverage, and packaging costs. 
 
 Labor and Related Expenses 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Labor and related expenses 
 47,520 43,750 9 142,954 126,506 13 As a percentage of total revenue 
 27 29 (2 28 29 (1 
 
 The increase in labor and related expenses for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the 31 Net New Restaurant Openings during or subsequent to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. The increase was also driven by higher staffing expenses associated with increases in prevailing wage rates in many of our markets, partially offset by improved labor optimization. Most notably, as of April 1, 2024, California fast food wages increased as result of AB 1228. 
 
 The increase in labor and related expenses for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the 50 Net New Restaurant Openings during or subsequent to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. The increase was also driven by higher staffing expenses associated with increases in prevailing wage rates in many of our markets. Most notably, as of April 1, 2024, California fast food wages increased as result of AB 1228. These increases were partially offset by a 1.8 million benefit related to refundable employee retention tax credits ERC issued as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act as well as an improvement in labor optimization. See Note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for further details on the ERC. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 As a percentage of revenue, the decrease in labor and related expenses for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to higher revenue and improvement in labor optimization, partially offset by wage rate increases, as discussed above, compared to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. 
 
 As a percentage of revenue, the decrease in labor and related expenses for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to higher revenue and improvement in labor optimization, partially offset by wage rate increases, as discussed above, compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. These decreases were partially offset by a 1.8 million benefit received during the thirteen weeks ended March 26, 2023, related to a refundable ERC issued as part of the CARES Act. 
 Occupancy and Related Expenses 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Occupancy and related expenses 
 15,054 13,961 8 44,523 40,117 11 As a percentage of total revenue 
 9 9 9 9 
 The increase in occupancy and related expenses for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the 31 Net New Restaurant Openings during or subsequent to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023, partially offset by reduced occupancy rates across recently opened stores . 
 The increase in occupancy and related expenses for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the 50 Net New Restaurant Openings during or subsequent to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, partially offset by reduced occupancy rates across recently opened stores . 
 As a percentage of revenue, occupancy and related expenses for both the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was slightly below the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, primarily due to higher revenue in the current period as well as reduced occupancy rates, as discussed above. 
 Other Restaurant Operating Costs 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Other restaurant operating costs 
 28,210 24,850 14 82,141 68,920 19 As a percentage of total revenue 
 16 16 16 16 
 The increase in other restaurant operating costs for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the 31 Net New Restaurant Openings during or subsequent to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. This includes increases in delivery fees, primarily related to the increase in revenue through our Marketplace Channel, credit card and online processing fees related to the increase in revenue, and repair and maintenance expenses. 
 
 The increase in other restaurant operating costs for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the 50 Net New Restaurant Openings during or subsequent to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. This includes increases in delivery fees, primarily related to the increase in revenue through our Marketplace Channel, credit card and online processing fees related to the increase in revenue, and repair and maintenance expenses. 
 As a percentage of revenue, other restaurant operating costs for both the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 remained consistent compared to the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, primarily due to an increase in revenue proportional to the increase in other restaurant operating costs in the current period. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 General and Administrative 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change General and administrative 
 36,777 35,963 2 112,844 111,220 1 As a percentage of total revenue 
 21 23 (2 22 26 (4 
 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to an increase in spend across the Sweetgreen Support Center to support our restaurant growth, partially offset by a 1.8 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense, primarily related to the decrease in expenses associated with restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units issued prior to our IPO. 
 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to a 5.1 million benefit received during the thirty-nine weeks ended June 25, 2023 from the ERC. The remaining increase was due to an increase in our investment in marketing and advertising and an increase in spend across the Sweetgreen Support Center to support our restaurant growth. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense primarily related to the decrease in expense associated with restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units issued prior to our IPO. 
 As a percentage of revenue, the decrease in general and administrative expenses for both the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the comparatively higher revenue in the current period, partially offset by the net effect of the fluctuations noted above. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Depreciation and amortization 
 16,905 15,682 8 50,069 43,310 16 As a percentage of total revenue 
 10 10 10 10 
 The increase in depreciation and amortization for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the 31 Net New Restaurant Openings d uring or subsequent to the thirteen weeks ended September 24, 2023. 
 The increase in depreciation and amortization for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to the 50 Net New Restaurant Openings d uring or subsequent to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, as well as the amortization from developed technology that was placed into service during the thirteen weeks ended June 25, 2023. 
 
 As a percentage of revenue, depreciation and amortization for both the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 remained consistent compared to the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. 
 Pre-Opening Costs 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Pre-opening costs 
 1,759 2,522 (30 4,295 8,190 (48 As a percentage of total revenue 
 1 2 (1 1 2 (1 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The decrease in pre-opening costs for the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to 5 gross new restaurant openings during the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to 15 gross new restaurant openings in the same quarter of the prior year. 
 The decrease in pre-opening costs for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to 15 gross new restaurant openings during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to 37 gross new restaurant openings in the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023 . 
 As a percentage of revenue, pre-opening costs decreased in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, due to the variances noted above as well as comparatively higher revenue in the current period. 
 Impairment and Closure Costs 
 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Impairment and closure costs 
 114 132 (14 388 479 (19 As a percentage of total revenue 

During the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, we recorded closure costs of 0.1 million and 0.3 million, respectively, related to lease and related costs associated with previously closed restaurants, including the amortization of operating lease assets, and expenses associated with CAM and real estate taxes. 
 
 Restructuring Charges 
 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Restructuring charges 498 812 (39 1,497 6,448 (77 As a percentage of total revenue 
 1 (1 1 (1 
 
 The restructuring charges for both the thirteen weeks ended September 29, 2024 and September 24, 2023 is primarily related to our former Sweetgreen Support Center, which we vacated in fiscal year 2022, including continued amortization of the operating lease asset and related real estate and CAM charges. 
 
 The decrease in restructuring charges for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 is primarily related to the 4.3 million operating lease impairment expense recognized during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, associated with our former Sweetgreen Support Center. 
 As a percentage of revenue, restructuring charges decreased in the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, due to the variances noted above as well as comparatively higher revenue in the current period. 
 
 Loss on Disposal of Property and Equipment 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 63 489 (87 178 547 (67 As a percentage of total revenue 
 
 The decrease in loss on disposal of property and equipment was due to timing of furniture, equipment and fixture replacements at multiple restaurants for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to the prior year periods. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income and Interest Expense 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Interest income 
 (2,754) (3,381) (19 (8,690) (9,694) (10 Interest expense 
 26 19 37 242 58 317 Total interest income, net 
 (2,728) (3,362) (19 (8,448) (9,636) (12 As a percentage of total revenue 
 (2) (2) 1 (2) (2) 1 
 
 The decrease in interest income, net, was primarily due to a lower cash balance in our money market accounts during the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to the prior year periods. 
 Other Expense 
 Thirteen weeks ended Thirty-nine weeks ended (dollar amounts in thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change September 29, 2024 September 24, 2023 Percentage Change Other expense 
 2,279 1,612 41 5,247 1,597 229 As a percentage of total revenue 
 1 1 1 1 
 The increase in other expense for each of the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 was primarily due to a change in the fair value of our contingent consideration compared to the prior year periods, which was issued as part of the Spyce acquisition in the third quarter of fiscal year 2021. 
 As a percentage of revenue, other expense increased during thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023, due to the variances noted above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Sources and Material Cash Requirements 
 
 To date, we have funded our operations through proceeds received from previous common stock and preferred stock issuances, our ability to obtain lending commitments and through cash flow from operations. Additionally, in November 2021, we completed our IPO, from which we received net proceeds of 384.7 million from sales of our shares of Class A common stock, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 234.6 million and 257.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, respectively. As of September 29, 2024, we had access to a 43.1 million revolver loan(s) under our 2020 Credit Agreement. As of September 29, 2024, there have been no draws on the revolving facility. Based on our current operating plan, we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents and access to available revolving loan(s), will be sufficient to fund our operating lease obligations, capital expenditures, and working capital needs for at least the next 12 months. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, and available revolving loan(s). If we are unable to generate positive operating cash flows, additional debt and equity financings may be necessary to sustain future operations, and there can be no assurance that such financing will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
 Our primary liquidity and capital requirements are for new restaurant development, including related to deployment of our Infinite Kitchen , initiatives to improve the team member and customer experience in our restaurants, marketing-related costs, research and development costs, working capital and general corporate needs. Additionally, during the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, we made a cash payment of approximately 3.9 million related to the Spyce milestone payment. See Note 3 for further details . We have not required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards and, as a result, our operations do not require significant receivables. Additionally, our operations do not require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of numerous fresh ingredients. Further, we are able to sell most of our inventory items before payment is due to the supplier of such items. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Our material cash requirements primarily consist of operating lease obligations and purchase obligations. The timing and nature of these commitments are expected to have an impact on our liquidity and capital requirements in future periods. Refer to Note 7, Debt, and Note 8, Leases, in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 for additional information relating to our long-term debt and operating leases. 
 
 Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms. The majority of our purchase obligations relate to amounts owed for supplies within our restaurants and are due within the next twelve months. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 On December 14, 2020 , we entered into a First Amended and Restated Revolving Credit, Delayed Draw Term Loan and Security Agreement (as subsequently amended, the 2020 Credit Facility with Eagle Bank. The 2020 Credit Facility currently allows us to borrow up to 45.0 million in aggregate principal amount under the revolving facility, including up to 1.5 million in letters of credit. The revolving facility matures on December 13, 2024, and we expect to extend it prior to its scheduled maturity date. However, if we issue certain convertible debt or unsecured indebtedness that are permitted under the 2020 Credit Facility, then the refinanced revolving facility will mature on the earlier to occur of (i) the maturity date indicated in the previous sentence and (ii) 90 days prior to the scheduled maturity date for any portion of such permitted convertible debt or unsecured indebtedness, as applicable. 
 
 Under the 2020 Credit Facility, interest accrues on the outstanding loan balance and is payable monthly at a rate of the adjusted one-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate, plus 2.90 , with a floor on the interest rate at 3.75 . As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had no outstanding balance under the 2020 Credit Facility. 
 
 The obligations under the 2020 Credit Facility are guaranteed by our existing and future material subsidiaries and secured by substantially all of our and our subsidiary guarantor s assets. The 2020 Credit Facility also restricts our ability, and the ability of our subsidiary guarantors to, among other things, incur liens; incur additional indebtedness; transfer or dispose of assets; make acquisitions; change the nature of the business; guarantee obligations; pay dividends to shareholders or repurchase stock; and make advances, loans, or other investments. The 2020 Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including, without limitation, failure to pay the outstanding loans or accrued interest on the due date. Under the 2020 Credit Facility, we are required to maintain certain levels of liquidity (defined as total cash and cash equivalents on hand plus the available amount under the revolving facility), which liquidity amount must be no less than the trailing 90-day cash burn. We were in compliance with the covenants under the 2020 Credit Facility as of September 29, 2024. 

Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 
 (amounts in thousands) Thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 Thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 37,271 17,556 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (63,199) (79,372) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 5,836 4,945 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (20,092) (56,871) 
 Operating Activities 
 
 For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, cash provided by operating activities increased 19.7 million compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 21.2 million increase in income after excluding non-cash items and the impact of unfavorable working capital fluctuations of 1.5 million, which primarily related to the timing of payroll and other payments in the ordinary course of business. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Investing Activities 
 
 For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, cash used in investing activities was (63.2) million , a decrease of 16.2 million compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023 . Investing activities for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment of 57.7 million related to 15 gross new restaurant openings (excluding tenant improvement allowances), restaurants in process, renovations, and prepayments associated with the deployment of our Infinite Kitchen and other restaurant related equipment. In addition we had cash outflow for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024 of 5.5 million related to purchases of intangible assets. 
 
 Investing activities for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023 consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment of 74.9 million related to 37 gross new restaurant openings (excluding tenant improvement allowances), restaurants in process, renovations, and prepayments associated with the deployment of our Infinite Kitchen and other restaurants related equipment. In addition we had cash outflow for the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023 of 4.5 million related to purchases of intangible assets. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 For the thirty-nine weeks ended September 29, 2024, cash provided by financing activities increased 0.9 million compared to the thirty-nine weeks ended September 24, 2023. This was primarily due to an increase in proceeds received from stock option exercises offset by a payment associated with the contingent consideration. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date, as well as reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Our most significant estimates and judgments involve difficult, subjective, or complex judgements made by management. Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are differences between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows will be affected. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of the date of this Quarterly Report. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We have operations solely within the United States, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of business. The primary risks we face are commodity price risks, interest rate risk, the effects of inflation, and macroeconomic risks. There have been no material changes to our exposure to market risks as described in Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 controls and procedures were effective as of such date. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are based on assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Because of their inherent limitations, we cannot guarantee that our disclosure controls and procedures will succeed in achieving their stated objectives in all cases, that they will be complied with in all cases, or that they will prevent or detect all misstatements. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 29, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are subject to various claims, lawsuits, governmental investigations, and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that the ultimate resolution of any of these matters will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources. However, an increase in the number of these claims, or one or more successful claims under which we incur greater liabilities than we currently anticipate, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 or the contracts, instructions or written plans for the purchase or sale of the Company s securities set forth in the table below. 
 
 Type of Trading Arrangement 
 Name 
 Position Action 
 Adoption/ Termination 
 Date 
 Rule 10b5-1 
 Non- 
 Rule 10b5-1 
 Total Shares of Class A Common Stock to be Sold 
 Total Shares of Class A Common Stock to be Purchased 
 Expiration Date 

X 
 up to 
 N/A 

X up to 
 N/A 
 Contract, instruction or written plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. 
 Non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. 
 Represents the maximum number of shares that may be sold pursuant to the 10b5-1 trading arrangement. The number of shares sold will be dependent on the satisfaction of certain conditions as set forth in the written plan. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The following exhibits are included herein or incorporated herein by reference: 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
 8-K 001-41069 3.1 11/22/2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
 8-K 001-41069 3.2 11/22/2021 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 
 __________ 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 SWEETGREEN, INC. Date: November 7, 2024 
 By: /s/ Mitch Reback Mitch Reback Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, and Duly Authorized Signatory) 

39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sweetgreen-ex311q3202410xq.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Jonathan Neman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sweetgreen, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in exchange act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Jonathan Neman Jonathan Neman 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sweetgreen-ex312q3202410xq.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Mitch Reback, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sweetgreen, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in exchange act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 
 s Mitch Reback Mitch Reback 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sweetgreen-ex321q3202410xq.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Jonathan Neman, Chief Executive Officer of Sweetgreen, Inc. (the Company ), and Mitch Reback, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 29, 2024, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Quarterly Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 
 
 In Witness Whereof , the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 7th day of November, 2024. 
 
 s Jonathan Neman s Mitch Reback Jonathan Neman Mitch Reback Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Sweetgreen, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 sg-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 sg-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 sg-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 sg-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 sg-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

