<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241209_10-Q_edgar_data_846377_0001477932-24-007905.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3767162</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>65154</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>703348</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>917972</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>792303</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1189400</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007905.hdr.sgml : 20241209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241209083459
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007905
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Totaligent, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000846377
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SHORT-TERM BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6153]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				800142655
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55122
		FILM NUMBER:		241533949

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2255 GLADES ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 324A
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-988-2621

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2255 GLADES ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 324A
		CITY:			BOCA RATON
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLTEMP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170428

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOURCE FINANCIAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130225

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WIKI GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120316

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007905.txt : 20241209

10-Q
 1
 totaligent_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

totaligent_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________. Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter). (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Name of exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously filed financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10 D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of September 30, 2024, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based upon the closing price of the registrant s common stock as reported by the OTCQB Marketplace on such date, was approximately 3.7 million. Shares of common stock held by each officer and director, and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock, have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that persons are affiliates for any other purposes. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of November 22, 2024, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. TOTALIGENT, INC. FORM 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I Financial Information 4 Item 1. Financial Statements 4 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 F-1 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) F-2 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) F-3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) F-6 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 5 Item 3. Qualitative and Quantitative Discussions about Market Risk 11 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 11 Part II Other Information 13 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 13 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 13 Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities 13 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 13 Item 5. Other Information 13 Item 6. Exhibits 14 2 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This document contains certain statements of a forward-looking nature. Such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements regarding projected growth, trends and strategies, future operating and financial results, financial expectations and current business indicators are based upon current information and expectations and are subject to change based on factors beyond the control of the Company. Forward-looking statements typically are identified by the use of terms such as look, may, should, might, believe, plan, expect, anticipate, estimate and similar words, although some forward-looking statements are expressed differently. The accuracy of such statements may be impacted by a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated, including but not limited to those set forth herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Except as required by the federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking information. Nonetheless, the Company reserves the right to make such updates from time to time by press release, periodic report or other method of public disclosure without the need for specific reference to this Report. No such update shall be deemed to indicate that other statements not addressed by such update remain correct or create an obligation to provide any other updates. 3 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial statements TOTALIGENT, INC. FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 F-1 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 4 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Property and equipment, net Capitalized software Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities Accrued compensation Accrued interest Convertible notes payable, net of unamortized discount of and Derivative liability Total current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) Stockholders deficit Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Common stock, par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding Shares to be issued Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Treasury stock, outstanding Total stockholders deficit Total liabilities and stockholders deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements F-1 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS UNAUDITED For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross (loss) profit Operating expenses: Consulting expenses Personnel expenses General and administrative Total operating expenses Net operating loss Other income (expense) Interest expense Amortization of debt discount Loss on change in fair value of derivative liability Loss on sale of fixed assets Total other expense Loss before income taxes Provision for income tax Net loss Loss per share - basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements F-2 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 UNAUDITED Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares to be issued Additional Paid-in Accumulated Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Shares Amount (Deficit) Balance - December 31, 2023 Series D Preferred Stock issued for services - - Net loss - - - - Balance - March 31, 2024 Net loss - - - - Balance - June 30, 2024 Series D Preferred Stock issued for services - - - Net loss - - - - Balance - September 30, 2024 38,187,500 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements F-3 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 UNAUDITED Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares to be issued Additional Paid-in Accumulated Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Shares Amount (Deficit) Balance - December 31, 2022 Net loss - - - - Balance - March 31, 2023 Sale of common stock - - - Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock - - Common stock issued related to December 3, 2021 merger - - Net loss - - - - Balance - June 30, 2023 Conversion of debt and accrued interest - - - Conversion of Series D Preferred Stock into Common Stock - - Net loss - - - - Balance - September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements F-4 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS UNAUDITED For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation expense Stock issued for services Amortization of debt discount Loss on sale of fixed assets Loss on change in fair value of derivative liabilities Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: Prepaid expense Accrued compensation Accrued interest Accrued expenses Net change in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Expenditures for capitalized software Net change in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Cash proceeds from sale of common stock Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes payable Repayments of notes payable Net change in financing activities Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash Cash - Beginning of the Period Cash - End of the Period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flows Cash paid for Interest Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Conversion of notes payable The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements F-5 Table of Contents TOTALIGENT, INC. (Formerly Alltemp, Inc.) AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 of the issued and outstanding shares of Digi in exchange for the issuance of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. On July 21, 2022, the Company changed its name to Totaligent, Inc. Totaligent or the Company ). Immediately following the Merger, Totaligent s subsidiary, CSES Group, Inc., which owns all rights, title and interest in Totaligent s refrigerant technology, was spun out in exchange for the cancellation of an aggregate of shares of Totaligent Common Stock (the Cancelled Shares held by former Totaligent management and shareholders. Upon completion of these actions, Edward C. DeFeudis was appointed to the role of CEO and Ben Hansel remained on the board of directors. The Company s common stock was traded under the symbol LTMP on the OTCQB through May 20, 2018, on the OTC Pink marketplace thereafter, and trades under the symbol TGNT as of August 1, 2022. Going concern , had in negative working capital, accumulated deficit of and stockholders deficit of . These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the date of this filing. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due, to fund possible future acquisitions, and to generate profitable operations in the future. At September 30, 2024, the Company had cash of . Management is currently seeking to raise additional funds, primarily through the issuance of debt or equity securities, and estimates that a significant amount of capital will be necessary over a sustained period of time to advance the development of the Company s business to the point at which it can become commercially viable and self-sustaining. However, there can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in this regard. F-6 Table of Contents Principles of Consolidation Use of estimates Cash and cash equivalents and , respectively. Sales Concentrations of our total sales. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were two customers exceeding of our revenues, representing of revenues. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 there were two customer exceeding of our revenues, representing of revenues. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, there was one customer exceeding of our revenues, representing of revenues. During the three months ended September 30, 2023 there were two customers exceeding of our revenues, representing of revenues. The Company believes that its relationships with these customers are positive and may provide it with continuous sustainability for years to come, however the loss of a large customer would have to be replaced by others, and the Company s inability to do so may have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition. F-7 Table of Contents Treasury stock Related party transactions Convertible Debentures F-8 Table of Contents Property and Equipment years Computer server years Mining equipment years The Company recognizes depreciation costs in general and administrative expenses in the Company s unaudited consolidated statements of operations. Finite-lived Intangible Assets Long-Lived Assets Income taxes F-9 Table of Contents Revenue recognition F-10 Table of Contents Net loss per share calculation Preferred stock Total Recently accounting pronouncements Computer server Mining equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Property and equipment - net For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and in depreciation expense, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and in depreciation expense, respectively. F-11 Table of Contents Less: Accumulated amortization Intangible assets - net The Company has incurred costs for software development. The software reached technological feasibility on May 23, 2023. As such the Company has capitalized and in software development costs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company will begin amortizing the asset once it reaches the stage of intended-use. 2 6/17/2021 3 6/18/2021 4 7/2/2021 5 8/4/2021 6 8/16/2021 7 9/10/2021 8 10/18/2021 9 6/30/2023 10 9/28/2023 11 9/29/2023 12 10/1/2023 13 10/13/2023 12 10/1/2023 13 10/13/2023 Total Total Current Total Long Term Less unamortized discount Carrying value . The conversion price is fixed at per share. Notes 1-13 are considered in default as of September 30, 2024. F-12 Table of Contents Total Total The following table summarizes the effects on the Company s gain (loss) associated with changes in the fair values of the derivative financial instruments by type of financing for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Loss on issuance of derivative Total gain (loss) F-13 Table of Contents Loss on issuance of derivative Total gain (loss) Current accounting principles that are provided in ASC 815 - Derivatives and Hedging require derivative financial instruments to be classified in liabilities and carried at fair value with changes recorded in income. The Company has selected the Monte Carlo Simulation Model, which approximates the Monte Carlo Simulations, valuation technique to fair value the embedded derivative because it believes that this technique is reflective of all significant assumption types, and ranges of assumption inputs, that market participants would likely consider in transactions involving embedded derivatives. Such assumptions include, among other inputs, interest risk assumptions, credit risk assumptions and redemption behaviors in addition to traditional inputs for option models such as market trading volatility and risk-free rates. The Binomial Lattice Model technique is a level three valuation technique because it requires the development of significant internal assumptions in addition to observable market indicators. For instruments in which the time to expiration has expired, the Company has utilized the intrinsic value as the fair value. The intrinsic value is the difference between the quoted market price on the valuation date and the applicable conversion price. Significant inputs and results arising from the Monte Carlo Simulation process are as follows for the embedded derivatives that have been bifurcated from the convertible notes and classified in liabilities: Effective contractual conversion rates Contractual term to maturity Years Years Years Market volatility: Volatility - - - Risk-adjusted interest rate The following table reflects the issuances of embedded derivatives and changes in fair value inputs and assumptions related to the embedded derivatives as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Issuances: Embedded derivatives Conversions/extinguishments Changes in fair value inputs and assumptions reflected in income Balances at end of period F-14 Table of Contents shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had issued shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company s Board of Directors has the authority to provide, out of the unissued shares of preferred stock, for one or more series of ,026preferred stock and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting such series and the designation of such series, the voting powers, if any, of the shares of such series, and the preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series. The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each series of preferred stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. Common Stock As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, the Company had authorized shares of its common stock, par value per share. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had shares issued and shares outstanding. Shares to be Issued As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had shares to be issued. Treasury Stock As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had treasury stock issued and outstanding. and as of December 31, 2023 was . The net change in allowance during the quarters ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has federal net operating loss carry forwards of approximately available to offset future taxable income through 2040. The Company may be able to utilize its NOLs to reduce future federal and state income tax liabilities. However, these NOLs are subject to various limitations under Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382. IRC Section 382 limits the use of NOLs to the extent there has been an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points. In addition, the NOL carry-forwards are subject to examination by the taxing authority and could be adjusted or disallowed due to such exams. Although the Company has not undergone an IRC Section 382 analysis, it is possible that the utilization of the NOLs could be substantially limited. The Company has no tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 due to losses and full valuation allowances against net deferred tax assets. F-15 Table of Contents State taxes net of federal benefits Valuation allowance Income tax rate net FASB Interpretation No. 48 (Fin 48) - Accounting for Uncertain Tax Positions The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state, and local jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examination by tax authorities, with limited exception, for the quarters prior to December 31, 2014. With respect to state and local jurisdictions, with limited exception, the Company is no longer subject to income tax audits prior to December 31, 2014. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Although the outcome of tax audits is always uncertain, the Company believes that adequate amounts of tax, interest and penalties have been provided for any adjustments that may result from these open tax years. Based on management s review of the Company s tax position, the Company had no significant unrecognized corporate tax liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 payable to the Internal Revenue Service due to the net operating loss carry-forward, however, the Company had yet to file its 2005 through 2009 and 2012 through 2021 Federal, New Jersey nor New York Corporate Income Tax Returns. F-16 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should specifically consider the various risk factors identified in this Report that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, including without limitation, statements related to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties including without limitation the following: (i) our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at our discretion; (ii) our plans and results of operations will be affected by our ability to manage growth; and (iii) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, will, should, could, expects, plans, intends, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, or continue or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Report. This section of the report should be read together with Footnotes of the Company s audited financials for the year ended December 31, 2023. The unaudited consolidated statements of operations for the Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are compared in the sections below. Financial Results The following discussion of the results of operations constitutes management s review of the factors that affected the financial and operating performance for the Nine months ended September 30, 2024. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. The Company has a December 31 fiscal year end. Executive Summary Totaligent, Inc. Totaligent or the Company is a person-based digital marketing platform that allows companies and individuals to use and unlock owned and acquired data to efficiently market their products, services, and brands. The Company is building an Nvidia supercluster with 2.4 Terabytes of GPU ram and 18 Terabytes of system ram, which will allow Totaligent s Artificial Intelligence to deliver nearly instantaneous data processing and modeling. The Company s consumer-facing integrated digital marketing platform, which allows individuals and enterprises to leverage its big data to micro-target customers with disruptive increases in efficiency, is set to launch in Q4 of 2024. Totaligent is a Delaware corporation currently trading on the OTCPink market under the stock symbol TGNT, and has executive offices located at 2255 Glades Road, Suite 324A Boca Raton, FL 33431 and a technology hub in Houston, TX. Business Description: Today, Totaligent offers managed campaigns to publicly traded companies and political candidates, and is launching a consumer-facing person-based digital marketing platform in Q4 of 2024. Totaligent s managed campaign business will continue to be the main driver of revenue until the public launch of the consumer platform. Totaligent s white-label programmatic ad platform is directly connected to its own custom Database Management Platform DMP ), which allows micro-targeting using data matching, which can be site specific, area specific and/or zip code specific. This platform leverages highly efficient display advertising, as opposed to general search engine keyword advertising. The platform is connected to more than 40 network publishers, giving users a deep network of web portals in all verticals. 5 Table of Contents The Totaligent team is continuously updating the platform to follow the ever-changing advertising rules implemented by Google, Facebook, Twitter and others, regarding advertising crypto, drugs, tobacco, firearms, sex, and political advertising. Our customer outreach tools include email, SMS, and push notification. Email marketing on the Totaligent platform connects to most of the known email marketing Electronic Services Portals ESP ). Short Message Service SMS connects to multiple telecom partners allowing users to choose deliverability and the best price for their messaging needs. We offer long code, short code, and 1-800s. Push notification marketing utilizes the Totaligent smart code (cookie), which allows customers to receive push notifications for upcoming news, offers, events, and more, all managed internally on Totaligent s Push servers. Individual Totaligent services are currently operational and used for our managed campaign program. Upon the launch of the consumer-facing platform, the full spectrum of Totaligent s digital communication tools will operate within the same User Interface XML UIX ), negating the need for multiple service providers or Customer Relationship Management CRM tools to perform various individual tasks. Users will be able to harmonize every facet of a digital campaign from a single panel, allowing multichannel marketing and analytics to maximize communication and ROI from the user s customer and visitor databases. Background To be successful in today s digital world, companies websites need pop up widgets, tracking pixels, push notification services, email services (Constant Contact, Mail Chimp, etc.), text and/or SMS services (Twilio), and other services for Pay per Click PPC (Google, Oath, Twitter, Facebook, etc.). From platform set up to campaign management, each of these services requires additional layers of effort and focus. Companies are required to purchase or license software and often need a technical team to set up and integrate APIs and manage each digital platform. Today, most users of these services are typically small to medium sized business owners and don t have the technical expertise, time or capital to effectively manage digital marketing campaigns successfully. These deficiencies make them susceptible to click and bot fraud, which runs rampant on ad networks. There is no way to audit clicks and impressions on these ad networks; companies are led to believe that every view and click is a real person when in reality, they re not. Fake clicks and impressions are a massive revenue generator for the ad networks, so there is no incentive for them to make digital advertising more efficient. Companies are simply told to accept unsustainable conversion rates. In addition, ad networks hoard an enormous amount of customer data (email, device ID, mobile number, etc.) for their benefit, even though they are being paid by companies to acquire customers on their behalf. Companies are only provided with the alleged number of clicks and the average time spent on their site. This lack of crucial data is a major disadvantage for the companies campaign managers when trying to determine how to better engage with their target market. Because they cannot retarget prospects via email, text, or otherwise, they are forced to spend additional money on the ad networks to blindly reengage. How Totaligent is Different The Totaligent platform makes every visitor and impression a usable data point. When users run digital campaigns on Totaligent, every prospect that clicks on users sites, is immediately matched to the requisite data from the DMP, providing the users with crucial data points. The Totaligent platform stores the users data in a closed-circuit environment for use in future digital campaigns. This is the key to the Totaligent marketing platform. Totaligent can match all visitor data immediately upon landing on the users websites, like: device IDs, IP address, mobile number, email address, and social network profiles. This type of data allows Totaligent s users to engage in micro-targeted person-based marketing, as opposed to blindly running ad campaigns and requesting the site visitors details. With Totaligent, users will now be able to access one interface to manage their Text, Email, PPC, and Push Notification campaigns to maximize their person-based marketing efforts. 6 Table of Contents Totaligent Programmatic The use of programmatic marketing is extremely cost effective, when Totaligent users create like audiences. Users of the platform can input specific demographics to create like audiences for micro-targeting purposes, so they can be most efficient with their ad spend. Totaligent estimates that person-based targeted ads yield a 40 cost savings, while increasing conversion rates from remarketing campaigns. Benefits: Eliminates bot and fraudulent traffic, as well as wasteful display impressions; now every impression becomes useful data with Totaligent s ability to match and append based upon IP address and device ID. Eliminates the need to target the general population, with the hope that an interested party will click an ad with the intention of converting. Eliminates competitors and marketers clicking ads, to get advertising ideas, pushing lower conversion ratios, or simply to waste a user s money. Totaligent currently has vast U.S. audiences of businesses, non-profits, political parties, venture capital, financial markets/investor verticals, and donors. Totaligent Tools To get great results, you need the right tools. Unfortunately, the right tools are not available in a single platform, which makes effective digital marketing a cumbersome and costly endeavor. After years of managing millions of dollars in digital campaigns, the Totaligent team built specific tools to overcome systemic marketing problems that continue to force people to needlessly employ marketing experts and/or rely on unverifiable platform data. Totaligent s tools put website owners back in control of their marketing, by connecting the website to specific person-based audiences in our database. This means anyone who knows who their ideal customer is, can create an audience of those people, and micro-target campaigns across all forms of digital communication. Totaligent Widget acts as a functional central command to connect to our DMP. The Totaligent Widget includes basic digital marketing functionality including a limited number of pop ups, emails, analytics, and push notifications. Totaligent Link tracks and matches every click delivered via email, SMS, and other campaign mechanisms, to Totaligent s DMP. These tools were designed and created over years of analysis and tens of millions of dollars spent on advertising campaigns, custom communication, and marketing platforms. Currently, for person-based programmatic and micro-targeted advertising, companies must spend thousands of dollars per month to use LiveRamp, a Totaligent competitor, in order to create and market to tailored audiences. This expense can significantly increase the cost per 1,000 impressions (CPI) and cost-per-click (CPC), typically by 400 and even much higher for some verticals. As the Totaligent network grows, so too will the number of first party cookies. Totaligent s first-party cookies can be set on browsers, allowing for marketing, data collection and verification in our DMP. Every user that visits any Totaligent enabled web portal, link or ad is placed into the DMP and instantly matched across all channels and data points, continually updating and verifying their information. Totaligent Database Management Platform (DMP) The Internet is full of information; a quick Google, Facebook, or Twitter query, can typically locate just about everyone. Most people keep the same alter egos online for years and, with the smart phone being connected to web browsers and emails, it s very easy to collect, store and manage data on everyone in the United States. 7 Table of Contents Totaligent s database is constantly being appended, cleaned, and verified from pixel fires, link clicks, PPC, email, and SMS. Our base data sets include voters, donors, investors, consumers, and other publicly sourced information, to verify and update the information as needed. We track and maintain over 400 data points on each record and allow for cross platform marketing. Our DMP utilizes schema mark ups, indexing, public filings, search engines, corporate records, WhoIs, IP addresses, as well as consumer, voter, and business data to match, update, and verify existing records. First and third- party pixels are also employed, in agreement with certain vendors and clients, who gather more millions of monthly impressions. Totaligent DMP partners with websites to provide functionality for major clients for free in exchange for adding our pixel to their portals, which generate additional impressions to help grow and verify user data running through the system. Totaligent Audiences are created and used internally and are MD5 hash encrypted, so they cannot be exported and downloaded by users. Totaligent ESP is our customizable email system that can connect to any outside API provider or can be used on the Totaligent email network, which runs on the TOTALIGENT PMTA, SMTP (any), Amazon SES API, Mailgun API, SparkPost API, SendGrid API, Mandrill API, Elastic Email API, MailJet API, SendinBlue API) backbone for delivering email. Emails can be obtained from click traffic, created by the uploaded audience in the customer portal, and internally loaded to send permission passes to potential consumers. Site visitors have their emails populated into the user s list for retargeting purposes, which can then be permission passed into the customer lists for future promotions. Web forms used to collect subscribers emails and permission passes can be sent after the consumer clicks the subscribe button, understanding that there is no need to provide further information or fill out any forms. This should breed much higher conversion rates than forcing target customers to fill out conventional subscription forms. In addition, the email platform can quickly create unique Totaligent Links to tag each contact in the users email lists, which monitoring opens, and then collects data to create additional communication points for the audience. This allows the clients sites to monetize impressions from AdSense or other traffic advertising sources. Totaligent SMS is a robust text platform that connects through API to multiple vendors which can send SMS campaigns for pre-approved users. Users can seamlessly log in and set up their campaign, also tagging each target with a unique Totaligent Link ID. The system can send pre-recorded outgoing messages , SMS, SES, and any other function used over the telephone system, which is especially useful for political and non-profit organizations that need to raise donations in a cost-effective way. The audiences mobile numbers are stored in the DMP and can be used once loaded into the customer portal. They cannot be exported unless the person is a verified subscriber but can be used for internal cross channel marketing programs. When properly used, this system will track SMS users, to ensure proper identification has been obtained, which protects the sender against frivolous or dubious lawsuits from bad actors. Totaligent Append and Data Sales Because the DMP is so large and constantly updated, Totaligent is able to provide data on a low cost per record basis to a wide array of users by offering specific list types based on Totaligent s internal data points. Users can search the criteria needed and the DMP will provide the data size and price. Totaligent Email Clean Our campaigns are constantly using our data, which helps ensure that the data is of the highest quality. In other words, the constant feedback from campaigns allows us to actively identify bad data to be removed from our system. Totaligent s cleaning system for marketers is more than just uploading their data for positive or negative system matches. Because our data is scored, the advertiser will have insight as to whether their data is good. We maintain one of the largest blacklists on the market, with scam, or bad data that is constantly passed around, so old, and dead data can be removed. Our cleaning service can be added to any websites forms, to keep anyone from entering or using an email on the bad or blacklist to the user s site for an additional fee. Our service also connects through API to multiple other cleaning services and can be cleaned and compared with any of them for an additional cost to ensure the best deliverability. Political operatives have been known to add dirty or unfriendly email addresses to subscriber lists, causing complaints and shutdowns of valuable marketing accounts. Our service can help identify these fake addresses to protect against this dubious activity. 8 Table of Contents Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our historical results of operations summarized and analyzed below may not necessarily reflect what will occur in the future. Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had total revenues of 29,990 and 334,185, respectively, and gross profit (loss) of 41,182) and 274,229, respectively. The Company s volume of sales increased in the three months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in managed campaign activity. Cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 71,172 and 59,956, respectively. Cost of goods sold consists primarily of costs associated with outsourcing certain campaign activities. The increase in cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the corresponding increase in revenues. The Company s operating expenses increased from 356,053 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 412,322 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to an increase in consulting fees. Other income (expenses) increased from 89,026) for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 116,919) for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The primary reason for the difference is the Company had an increase loss on change in fair value of derivative liability in the current period of 24,732). As a result of increased cost of sales, operating expenses and loss on change in fair value of derivative liability, we had a net loss of 570,423 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net loss of 170,850 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Nine months Ended September 30, 2023 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had total revenues of 444,529 and 400,295, respectively, and gross profits of 28,606 and 318,754, respectively. The Company s volume of sales increased in the Nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in managed campaign activity. Cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 415,923 and 81,541, respectively. Cost of goods sold consists primary of costs associated with outsourcing certain campaign activities. The increase in cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the corresponding increase in revenues. The Company s operating expenses increased from 593,379 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 755,418 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due primarily to an increase in consulting fees and professional fees due to compliance reporting and audit fees. Other income (expenses) increased from 91,415) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 107,903) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The primary reason for the difference is the Company had increased interest expense and an increase in the change in the fair value of derivative liability in the current period. As a result of increased cost of sales and operating expenses, we had a net loss of 834,715 for the Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net loss of 366,040 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 9 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Going Concern We have had negative working capital and have sustained operating losses since inception. These factors, and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plan raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We anticipate that operating losses will continue in the near term. We intend to meet near-term obligations with private placement offerings. We currently have limited revenue, which is not sufficient to cover operational expenses. Failure to raise adequate capital and generate adequate revenues could result in the Company having to curtail or cease operations. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of the common stock is unknown. Additionally, even if the Company does raise sufficient capital to support its operating expenses and generate adequate revenues, there can be no assurances that the revenue will be sufficient to enable it to develop to a level where it will generate profits and cash flows from operations. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern; however, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classifications of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Capital Resources To date, our operations have been funded primarily through private investors. Some of these investors have verbally committed additional funding for the Company, as needed. The Company has also had discussions with broker-dealers and lenders regarding funding required to execute the Company s business plan. Material Cash Requirements Our material short-term cash requirements include recurring payroll and benefits obligations for our employees, capital, operating expenditures, software development payments and other working capital needs. We believe that material cash requirements for operating expenditures may range from 100,000 per month to 200,000 per month during the twelve months. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition. 10 Table of Contents Cash Flow The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net change in operating activities (157,653 (5,077 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (61,634 16,071 Net cash provided by financing activities 60,000 191,841 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (159,287 202,835 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 167,735 14,001 Cash and cash equivalent at end of period 8,448 216,836 Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 157,653 compared to 5,077 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This difference primarily related to stock issued for services in the current period of 1,200,000. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cashed used in investing activities was 61,634) compared to 16,071 of net cash provided by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This difference related to expenditures for capitalized software in the current period of 61,634 versus sale of fixed assets in the prior period in the amount of 16,071. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our financing activities provided cash of 60,000 compared to 191,841 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cash provided in the current period related to proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes payable. The cash provided in the prior period related to proceeds from the sale of common stock, proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes payable and repayments on notes payable. Item 3. Qualitative and Quantitative Discussions about Market Risk Not applicable. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management is responsible for maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Registrant files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures must ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Registrant s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial and other required disclosures. At September 30, 2024, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) of the Exchange Act) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of Edward C. DeFeudis our Chief Executive Officer and Ben Hansel our Director. Based on our evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, we concluded that, at September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Management s Quarterly Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 11 Table of Contents Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements (iii) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization and (iv) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions may occur or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management has conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of Edward C. DeFeudis, our Chief Executive Officer, and Ben Hansel, our Director, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024. This evaluation was based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based upon such assessment, Edward C. DeFeudis concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective based upon the Company s size and staff size, and that there are no apparent material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission do not require an attestation of the Management s report by our registered public accounting firm in this annual report. Changes in Internal Controls There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Nine months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 12 Table of Contents Part II Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings None Item 1A. Risk Factors Not applicable. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. Item 5. Other Information During the Company s quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 13 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed herewith Exhibit Number Document 31.1 Certification of the principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of the principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 14 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Company caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. TOTALIGENT, INC. Date: December 5, 2024 By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive) and Chief Financial Officer Principall Financial and Accounting Officer By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis By: /s/ Ben Hansel Edward C. DeFeudis Ben Hansel President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Chief Financial Officer, Director 15 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 totaligent_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 totaligent_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT I, Edward C. DeFeudis, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Totaligent, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 5, 2024 By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 totaligent_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 totaligent_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT I, Edward C. DeFeudis, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Totaligent, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 5, 2024 By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 totaligent_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 totaligent_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) In connection with the Annual Report of Totaligent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Edward C. DeFeudis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Date: December 5, 2024 By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 totaligent_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 totaligent_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) In connection with the Annual Report of Totaligent, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Date: December 5, 2024 By: /s/ Edward C. DeFeudis Edward C. DeFeudis Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 totaligent-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 totaligent-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 totaligent-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 totaligent-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

