<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241231_10-Q_edgar_data_1443611_0001477932-24-008387.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4564796</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66559</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>798290</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1087859</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1089394</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1436367</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-008387.hdr.sgml : 20241231
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241230175853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-008387
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241231
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241230

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SinglePoint Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001443611
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-NONSTORE RETAILERS [5960]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				261240905
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41888
		FILM NUMBER:		241590734

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3104 E CAMELBACK ROAD
		STREET 2:		# 2137
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-682-7464

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3104 E CAMELBACK ROAD
		STREET 2:		# 2137
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CARBON CREDITS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080821

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-008387.txt : 20241231

10-Q
 1
 sing_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

sing_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Quarterly Period ended Commission File No. (Name of small business issuer in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) ) (Issuer s telephone number) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: As of December 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding shares of its common stock, par value 0.0001. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 2, of Part I of this report include forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, proposed, intended, or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. You should read statements that contain these words carefully, because they discuss our expectations about our future operating results or our future financial condition or state other forward-looking information. There may be events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or control. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this Quarterly Report could substantially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition, and that upon the occurrence of any of these events, the trading price of our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, growth rates, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report to conform these statements to actual results. 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 4 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) (unaudited) 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 7 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 25 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 25 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 26 Item 1A. Risk Factors 26 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 26 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 26 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 26 Item 5. Other Information 26 Item 6. Exhibits 27 Signatures 28 3 Table of Contents SINGLEPOINT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets Cash Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Inventory, net Contract assets Notes receivable from related party Total current assets Non-current assets Property and equipment, net Right of use asset Investment, at fair value Intangible assets, net Goodwill Total non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Accrued officer salaries Accrued warranty liability Unearned revenue Settlement liability Lease liability, current portion Advances from related party Convertible notes payable, current portion, net of discount Notes payable, current portion, net of discount Derivative liability Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities Lease liability, net of current portion Convertible notes payable, net of current portion and discount Notes payable, net of current portion and discount Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity (deficit) Undesignated preferred stock par value; authorized shares with none issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Class A convertible preferred stock par value; authorized shares with issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Class B convertible preferred stock par value; authorized shares with none issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Class C convertible preferred stock par value; authorized shares with none issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Common stock par value; authorized shares with and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total SinglePoint Inc. stockholders' equity (deficit) Non-controlling interest Total stockholders' equity (deficit) Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents SINGLEPOINT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) For the three months ended For the nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Cost of revenues Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense) Interest expense Amortization of debt discount Other income Financing costs Gain on settlement of liabilities Loss on settlement of liabilities Change in fair value of derivative liability Total other income (expense) Net loss Loss attributable to non-controlling interests Net loss attributable to SinglePoint, Inc. Deemed dividends - Class A convertible preferred stock Net loss attributable to SinglePoint, Inc. Income (loss) per share basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents SINGLEPOINT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) (unaudited) Class A Preferred Class B Preferred Class C Preferred Common Stock Additional Paid in Accumulated Non-Controlling Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Interest Total Balances, December 31, 2022 - Issuance of common shares for cash - - - - Issuance of common shares for acquisition expenses - - - - Issuance of common shares for principal and accrued interest on notes - - - - Conversion of preferred shares - - Issuance of preferred shares - - - Issuance of preferred shares for cash - - - Accrued preferred stock dividends - - - - Net loss - - - - Balances, March 31, 2023 - Issuance of common shares for cash - - - Conversion of preferred shares - Accrued preferred stock dividends - - - - Net loss - - - - Balances, June 30, 2023 - - - Issuance of common shares for services - - - Issuance of common shares for acquisition expenses - - - Conversion of preferred shares - - - Accrued preferred stock dividends - - - - Rounding adjustment in connection with reverse split - - - Net loss - - - - Balances, September 30, 2023 - - - Balances, December 31, 2023 - - Issuance of common shares for cash - - - Issuance of common shares for services - - - Conversion of debt and accrued interest into common - - - Exercise of pre-funded warrants - - - Acquisition of minority interests and effect on non-controlling interests - - - - Settlement of derivative liabilities - - - - Net loss - - - - Balances, March 31, 2024 - - Issuance of common shares for cash - - - Issuance of common shares for services - - - Exercise of pre-funded warrants - - - Conversion of debt and accrued interest into common - - - Settlement of derivative liabilities - - - - Net income (loss) - - - - Balances, June 30, 2024 - - Issuance of common shares for cash - - - Issuance of common shares for services - - - Conversion of liabilities - - - Settlement of derivative liabilities - - - - Rounding adjustment in connection with reverse split - - - Net income (loss) - - - - Balances, September 30, 2024 - - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents SINGLEPOINT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Amortization of debt discount Bad debt expense Financing costs Gain on settlement of liabilities Loss on settlement of liabilities Preferred stock issued for services Common stock issued for services Common stock issued for services Change in fair value of derivative liability Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Inventory Contract assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses, including accrued officer salaries and warranty liability Unearned revenue Net cash used in operating activities Investing activities Cash paid for notes receivable from related party Purchase of property Net cash used in investing activities Financing activities Proceeds from sale of preferred stock Proceeds from sale of common stock Proceeds from advances from related party Proceeds from advances Proceeds from convertible notes payable Repayments on advances from related party Repayments on convertible notes payable Repayments on notes payable Payments on capital lease obligation Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash Cash - beginning of period Cash - end of period Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities Discounts on convertible notes payable Recognition of debt discount from derivative liability Settlement of derivative liability Common stock issued for pre-funded warrants Conversion of debt and accrued interest into common stock Conversion of settlement liability into common stock Issuance of convertible debt for remaining interest in subsidiary Settlement of notes payable and interest through issuance of convertible note payable Settlement of advances payable through issuance of convertible note payable Settlement of accounts payable and accrued expenses with settlement liability Accrual of preferred stock dividends Recognition of right of use assets and lease liabilities Conversion of preferred stock to common stock - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 7 Table of Contents SINGLEPOINT INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS of the membership interests of Direct Solar America. On January 26, 2021, the Company acquired ownership of EnergyWyze, LLC, a limited liability company EnergyWyze ). On February 26, 2021, the Company purchased ownership of Box Pure Air, LLC, Box Pure Air and subsequently purchased the remaining ownership on October 1, 2023. On April 21, 2022 the Company purchased membership interests in The Boston Solar Company, LLC Boston Solar and subsequently purchased the remaining membership interests on January 1, 2024. Business The Company is a diversified holding company principally engaged through its subsidiaries on providing energy solutions and energy centric applications. Our primary focus is on ensuring energy security by providing an integrated energy solution for our customers. We conduct our solar operations primarily through our subsidiary, Boston Solar, in which we hold a equity interest. We conduct our air purification operations through Box Pure Air, in which we hold a 100 equity interest. We also have ownership interests outside of our primary solar and air purification businesses. We consider these subsidiaries to be non-core Non-core and not significant businesses. We built and plan to continue to build our portfolio through organic growth, synergistic acquisitions, products, and partnerships. We generally acquire majority and/or controlling stakes in innovative and promising businesses that are expected to appreciate in value over time. We are particularly focused on businesses where our engagement will be potentially significant for that entity s growth prospects. We strive to create long-term value for our stockholders by helping our subsidiary companies to increase their market penetration, grow revenue and improve operating margins and cash flow. Our emphasis is on building businesses in industries where our management team has in-depth knowledge and experience, or where our management can provide value by advising on new markets and expansion. Going Concern The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has yet to achieve profitable operations and is dependent on its ability to raise capital from stockholders or other sources to sustain operations and to ultimately achieve viable operations. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately in cash. The Company s net loss incurred for the period September 30, 2024, was approximately and its working capital deficit was approximately at September 30, 2024. The Company s ability to continue in existence is dependent on its ability to develop the existing businesses and to achieve profitable operations. Since the Company does not anticipate achieving profitable operations and/or adequate cash flows in the near term, management will continue to pursue additional debt and equity financing. 8 Table of Contents Principles of Consolidation Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements Reclassifications Cash and Cash Equivalents - and of deposits in excess of amounts insured by the FDIC as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Revenues 9 Table of Contents 10 Table of Contents Contract Estimates 11 Table of Contents Contract Assets and Liabilities Accounts Receivable as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Inventory and as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Intangible Assets and Goodwill Accrued Warranty and Production Guarantee Liabilities 12 Table of Contents . Such amounts are deferred when received and recognized ratably over the guarantee period. Convertible Instruments Leases Income Taxes 13 Table of Contents Denominator: Weighted-average shares to compute basic earnings per share Preferred stock, including preferred dividends Convertible liabilities Weighted-average shares to compute diluted earnings per share Fair Value Measurements Additions Settlement Change in fair value Balance September 30, 2024 Beginning on January 1, 2024, the Company issued convertible note payable agreements which contain conversion provisions meeting the definition of a derivative liability which therefore required bifurcation. The conversion features were valued at upon issuance and recorded as a derivative liability, resulting in additional debt discounts and finance costs totaling and , respectively. At September 30, 2024, the Company estimated the fair value of the conversion feature derivatives embedded in the notes payable based on assumptions used in the Cox-Ross-Rubinstein binomial pricing model using the following inputs: the price of the Company s common stock of ; risk-free interest rates ranging from to 4.87 ; expected volatility of the Company s common stock ranging from to based on the volatility of the Company s historical stock prices; and exercise prices from to and terms of to years. During July 2024, the Company entered into a settlement agreement (Note 7) related to certain accounts payable and accrued expenses. The settlement agreement contained a conversion feature meeting the definition of a derivative liability which therefore require bifurcation. The conversion feature was valued at upon issuance and recorded as a derivative liability, resulting in a loss on settlement of liabilities. At September 30, 2024, the Company estimated the fair value of the conversion feature derivatives embedded in the settlement liability based on assumptions used in the Cox-Ross-Rubinstein binomial pricing model using the following inputs: the price of the Company s common stock of ; risk-free interest rate of ; expected volatility of the Company s common stock of based on the volatility of the Company s historical stock prices; and exercise price of and term of years. 14 Table of Contents Subsequent Events was classified as a SG A expense due to conversion in the period ended March 31, 2023. 2. Current Period Financial Statement Impact: There was no impact from this adjustment on the current period financial statements. 15 Table of Contents with no stated interest. The fair value of the note was determined to be at the date of acquisition with the difference between the stated value and the fair value being amortized to interest expense over the -month period. At December 31, 2023, the principal balance totaled . On January 16, 2024, the remaining balance of the note and related accrued interest was assigned to a third party (see assignment note below). Note Purchase Agreement . In July 2021, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Bucktown Capital LLC BCL whereby the Company agreed to issue and sell to BCL a promissory note in the principal amount of (the Note ). The Note bears interest at the rate of Eight Percent per annum, and provides that for the calendar quarter beginning on January 1, 2022 and continuing for each calendar quarter thereafter until the Note is paid in full, the Company will make quarterly cash payments to BCL equal to . The Company may choose the frequency and amount of each payment (subject to a minimum payment of during each applicable quarter so long as the aggregate amount paid during each quarter is equal to . The Note matures in July 2023. The Note contains the following covenants: (i) Company will timely file on the applicable deadline all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursua nt to Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act, and will take all reasonable action under its control to ensure that adequate current public information with respect to Company, as required in accordance with Rule 144 of the 1933 Act, is publicly available, and will not terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the 1934 Act even if the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would permit such termination; (ii) the common stock shall be listed or quoted for trading on any of (a) NYSE, (b) NASDAQ, (c) OTCQX, (d) OTCQB, or (e) OTC Pink; (iii) trading in Company s common stock will not be suspended, halted, chilled, frozen, reach zero bid or otherwise cease trading on Company s principal trading market for more than two (2) consecutive Trading Days; and (iv) Company will not enter into any financing transaction with John Kirkland or any of his affiliated entities. In February 2024, BCL and the Company entered into an agreement whereby BCL converted of the outstanding principal balance into common shares of the Company. During May and June 2024, BCL and the Company settled the outstanding balance of the note and in accrued interest through the issuance of shares of common stock, resulting in a loss on settlement totaling . SBA Loan . In May 2020, the Company received loan proceeds of under the SBA s Economic Injury Disaster Loan program EIDL ). The EIDL dated May 22, 2020, bears interest at , has a -year term, is secured by substantially all assets of the Company, and is due in monthly installments of beginning May 1, 2021. At December 31, 2023, is included in the current portion of notes payable and is included in long-term notes payable. At September 30, 2024, is included in current portion of notes payable and is included in long-term notes payable. Settlement and Release Agreement . In March 2023, Boston Solar entered into a settlement and release with a third party in which Boston Solar agreed to make payments totaling over a 30-month period. At December 31, 2023, is included in current portion of notes payable and is included in long-term notes payable. At September 30, 2024, is included in current portion of notes payable and is included in long-term notes payable. Other . In December 2023 the Company entered into short-term note payable with a third party in the amount of . In January 2024, the note was paid in full. At September 30, 2024, Boston Solar has a note payable in the amount of related to a service truck, of which is included in current portion of notes payable. 16 Table of Contents payable in shares of the Company s common stock based on the VWAP of the Company s common stock over the trading days prior to April 21, 2022. The payments begin six months after April 21, 2022 and are paid quarterly over 30 months. The fair value of the note was determined to be . The difference between the stated value and the fair value was being amortized to interest expense over the 36-month period. On January 1, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with the owner of 19.9 , the Minority Owner pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase the 19.9 of Boston Solar from the Minority Owner in exchange for: (i) a six (6) month convertible note in the amount ; and (ii) a twelve (12) month convertible note in the amount . Additionally, the Company agreed to convert the Seller Note Payable in Shares (which is owned by the Minority Owner) into common shares of the Company as a price of per share. As a result of the transaction, the Company owns of Boston Solar and the Company recorded on January 1, 2024, a gain on settlement of debt of approximately . Seller Convertible Notes . As described above, the Company entered into a six-month convertible note in the amount of , and a twelve month convertible note in the amount of , with the Minority Owner. The twelve month note includes of prepaid interest added to the principal amount due. In regard to the six month note the Minority Owner: (i) has the option to convert in to common shares using a five day VWAP at any period starting February 16, 2024, and prior to maturity date; and (ii) at the maturity date, any amount of the note still outstanding will automatically convert using the five day VWAP prior to the maturity date. In regards to the twelve month note : , it will automatically convert in to common shares of the Company with such conversion calculated using the five day VWAP prior to the maturity date. In connection with the notes, the Company recorded discounts totaling resulting from the recognition of embedded derivative liabilities (Note 2). The discount is being amortized over the life of the note. On June 30, 2024, the six-month note was automatically converted into shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants, resulting in a loss on conversion of . At September 30, 2024, the principal amount of the twelve-month note, totaling , is included in current portion of convertible notes payable. Assignment Note : In January 2024 the Company entered into an assignment of promissory note with a former owner of Boston Solar (see Seller Note Payable and a third party, in which the former owner assigned the Seller Note Payable, in the amount of , to the third party and the third party obtained conversion rights from the Company. In connection with the note, the Company recorded a discount totaling resulting from the recognition of an embedded derivative liability (Note 2). During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the third party converted into common shares of the Company. During April 2024, the remaining balance of the note, totaling , was converted into shares of common stock. Promissory Note 2 . On June 26, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement providing for the issuance of a Convertible Promissory Note Promissory Note 2 in the principal amount of , with an original issue discount of . A one-time interest charge of was applied on the issuance date to the principal 118,650 .12 = ). Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in nine (9) payments each in the amount of 14,765 (a total payback to the holder of ). The first payment was due July 30, 2023, with eight (8) subsequent payments due each month thereafter. If an event of default occurs and the holder exercises the option to convert, the conversion price (the Conversion Price shall mean 75 multiplied by the lowest trading price for the common stock during the ten (10) trading days prior to the conversion date (representing a discount rate of (subject to equitable adjustments by the Company relating to the Company s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Company, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). At December 31, 2023, all of the note balance, , is included in current portion of convertible notes payable. At September 30, 2024, there is no principal balance outstanding. Promissory Note 3 . On August 28, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement providing for the issuance of a convertible promissory note Promissory Note 3 in the principal amount of with a maturity date of May 28, 2024. The holder of the Promissory Note 3 shall have the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date of issuance and ending on the later of: (i) the maturity date and (ii) the date of payment of the default amount (as defined in the convertible promissory note), to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of Promissory Note 3 into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock, at the conversion price which shall mean 75 multiplied by the lowest trading price for the common stock during the ten (10) trading days prior to the conversion date (representing a discount rate of (subject to equitable adjustments by the Company relating to the Company s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Company, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). At December 31, 2023, all of the note balance, , is included in current portion of convertible notes payable. In February 2024, the outstanding principal balance was paid in full. 17 Table of Contents , with an interest rate of and a maturity date of July 30, 2024. The holder of the Promissory Note 4 shall have the right from time to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date of issuance and ending on the later of: (i) the maturity date and (ii) the date of payment of the default amount (as defined in the convertible promissory note), to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid amount of Promissory Note 4 into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock, at the conversion price which shall mean 75 multiplied by the lowest trading price for the common stock during the ten (10) trading days prior to the conversion date (representing a discount rate of (subject to equitable adjustments by the Company relating to the Company s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Company, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). At December 31, 2023, all of the note balance, , is included in current portion of convertible notes payable. At September 30, 2024, there is no principal balance outstanding. Promissory Note 5 . On October 10, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement providing for the issuance of a Convertible Promissory Note Promissory Note 5 in the principal amount of , with an original issue discount of . A one-time interest charge of was applied on the issuance date to the principal 145,205 .12 = ). Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in nine (9) payments each in the amount of (a total payback to the holder of ). The first payment is due November 15, 2023, with eight (8) subsequent payments due each month thereafter. If an event of default occurs and the holder exercises the option to convert, the conversion price (the Conversion Price shall mean 75 multiplied by the lowest trading price for the common stock during the ten (10) trading days prior to the conversion date (representing a discount rate of (subject to equitable adjustments by the Company relating to the Company s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Company, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). At December 31, 2023, all of the note balance, , is included in current portion of convertible notes payable. At September 30, 2024, there is no principal balance outstanding. Promissory Notes 6 and 7 . On February 23, 2024, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements, that were effective February 27, 2024, with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, an accredited investor DL pursuant to which the Company issued to DL a Promissory Note (the Promissory Note 6 in the aggregate principal amount of with an original issue discount of and issuance costs of , resulting in net proceeds to the Company of , and a second Promissory Note (the Promissory Note 7 and collectively with Promissory Note 7 the DL Notes in the aggregate principal amount of with an original issue discount of and issuance costs of , resulting in net proceeds to the Company of . The DL Notes have maturity dates of November 30, 2024, and the Company has agreed to pay interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Promissory Note 6 at the rate of per annum, and per annum on the Promissory Note 7, from the date on which the DL Notes were issued, respectively. A one-time interest charge of 15 or , and 12 or were applied on the issuance dates of the Promissory Note 6 and Promissory Note 7, respectively, to the principal amounts owed under the DL Notes. The Company has right to accelerate payments or prepay in full the DL Notes at any time with no prepayment penalty. The DL Notes are not secured by any collateral or any assets of the Company. The outstanding principal amount of the DL Notes may be converted into shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock in the event of default (missed payment). In the event of default under the DL Notes, DL may convert the DL Notes into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 75 of the lowest trading price during the 10-day period immediately preceding the date of conversion. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, the DL Notes shall become immediately due and payable, and the Company shall pay to DL in full satisfaction of its obligations under the DL Notes, and the Default Amount (as defined in the DL Notes) as set forth in the DL Notes. In no event shall DL be allowed to affect a conversion of the DL Notes into Common Stock if such conversion, along with all other shares of Company Common Stock beneficially owned by DL and its affiliates would exceed 4.99 of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock of the Company. The issuances of the DL Notes were made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. During the period ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred an additional in default penalties on Note 7, which were added to the principal balance. At September 30, 2024, all of the principal amounts of Promissory Note 6 and Promissory Note 7 are included in current portion of convertible notes payable. 18 Table of Contents , with an original issue discount of . A one-time interest charge of , or , was applied on the issuance date to the principal. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in nine (9) payments each in the amount of . The first payment is due July 15, 2024, with eight (8) subsequent payments due each month thereafter. (representing a discount rate of (subject to equitable adjustments by the Company relating to the Company s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Company, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). At September 30, 2024, all of the outstanding balance of is included in current portion of convertible notes payable. Promissory Note 9 . On August 22, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement providing for the issuance of a Convertible Promissory Note Promissory Note 9 in the principal amount of , with an original issue discount of . A one-time interest charge of , or , was applied on the issuance date to the principal. Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in four (4) payments, the first of which is and the final three each in the amount of . The first payment is due February 28, 2025, with three (2) subsequent payments due each month thereafter. (representing a discount rate of (subject to equitable adjustments by the Company relating to the Company s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Company, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). At September 30, 2024, all of the outstanding balance of is included in current portion of convertible notes payable. 12 Convertible Note . On April 26, 2024, the Company entered into a 12 Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of , with an original issue discount of . Quarterly interest payments commence on June 28, 2024 until maturity on . Periodic principal payments of , for any unconverted amounts, commence on December 28, 2024 until maturity. After six months, the note may be converted into shares of the Company s common stock at a ten percent discount to the five day VWAP prior to conversion. If an event of default, as defined in the note, has occurred, the conversion rate shall be the lessor of and the lowest traded price for the five prior trading days. At September 30, 2024, is included in current portion of convertible notes payable and is included in long-term convertible notes payable. 15 Convertible Note . On June 30, 2024, the Company entered into a 15 Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of , with an original issue discount of . Quarterly interest payments commence on June 28, 2024 until maturity on . After six months, the note may be converted into shares of the Company s common stock at a ten percent discount to the five day VWAP prior to conversion. If an event of default, as defined in the note, has occurred, the conversion rate shall be the lessor of and the lowest traded price for the five prior trading days. At September 30, 2024, is included in current portion of convertible notes payable. 19 Table of Contents shares of Class A Convertible Preferred Stock Class A Stock with par value per share, of which shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. . No dividends are payable unless declared by the Board of Directors. Class B Convertible Preferred Stock As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had authorized shares of Class B Preferred Stock, par value per share, of which 0 shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. Class C Convertible Preferred Stock As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had authorized shares of Class C Preferred Stock, of which shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Class D Convertible Preferred Stock As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had authorized shares of Class D Preferred Stock, of which shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. Class E Convertible Preferred Stock As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had authorized and shares, respectively, of Class E Preferred Stock, of which shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. Undesignated Preferred Shares As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, a total of shares of preferred stock remains undesignated and unissued. Common Stock As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company s authorized common stock was shares, at par value per share, with and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. On August 15, 2024, . The par value per share of the common stock and the number of authorized or issued and outstanding shares of the Company s preferred stock remained unchanged. As a result of the reverse stock split, the Company further adjusted the share amounts under its employee incentive plan which had no outstanding options and common stock warrant agreements with third parties. In connection with the reverse stock split, . 20 Table of Contents shares of common stock resulting from the exercise of pre-funded warrants. On various dates in January 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for conversion of debt. On January 17, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for services. On various dates in February 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for conversion of debt. On various dates in February 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for services. On February 16, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement. On various dates in March 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement. On various dates in March 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for conversion of debt. On March 27, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for services. On April 2, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for services. On May 6, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for services. On various dates in April 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for conversion of debt. On June 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock and prefunded warrants in exchange for conversion of debt. From April 15, 2024, to June 27, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement. From May 21, 2024, to June 18, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock in exchange for the settlement of debt. On June 3, 2024, the Company issued share of common stock for prefunded warrants. On July 15, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for services. On September 10, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for services. From July 16, 2024, to August 13, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the Equity Financing Agreement. From July 17, 2024, to September 10, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for the conversion of the settlement payable. - and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, a total of was accrued for unpaid officer wages due the Company s CEO and CFO/President under their respective employment agreements. 21 Table of Contents million. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will issue freely tradable common stock shares to SCC, known as "Settlement Shares." The agreement is contingent on court approval following a fairness hearing under Section 3 (a)( 10 of the Securities Act of 1933. The number of shares issued will be determined based on the stock's trading price during a specified valuation period, with provisions for adjustment based on corporate actions or market conditions. The agreement, enforceable upon court approval, aims to fully settle the specified liabilities without cash outflow. Listing Qualifications On August 27, 2024, the . On September 6, 2024, the . The Company does not expect the Panel s decision to have any impact on its day-to-day operations. 22 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Overview You should read the following discussion together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this document. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the section titled Risk Factors , Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included in our latest annual report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2023, and our other reports on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Singlepoint is a diversified holding company principally engaged through its subsidiaries on providing energy solutions and energy centric applications. Our primary focus is on ensuring energy security by providing an integrated energy solution for our customers. We conduct our solar operations primarily through our subsidiary, Boston Solar, in which we hold a 100 equity interest. We conduct our air purification operations through Box Pure Air, in which we hold a 100 equity interest. We also have ownership interests outside of our primary solar and air purification businesses. We consider these subsidiaries to be non-core and not significant businesses. Results of Operations Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 with the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we generated revenue of 5.5 million as compared to 6.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in revenue was due primarily to lower revenues at Boston Solar and lower sales of our air purification systems. Cost of Revenue. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, cost of revenue decreased to 3.0 million from 4.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due primarily to lower revenues at Boston Solar and lower sales of our air purification systems with corresponding decreases in cost of revenue. Gross Profit . As a result of the foregoing, our gross profit was 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due primarily to the completion of higher margin projects. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses SG A . Our SG A expenses increased to 3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due primarily to increases in consulting and professional fees. Other Income (Expense). For the three months ended September 30, 2024, other expense was 3.5 million), compared to other expense of 0.2 million) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily due to settlement of liabilities, changes in fair value of derivative liability securities, financing costs, and amortization of debt discounts, partially offset by decreases in interest expenses. Net Income (Loss) . The Company s net loss attributable to Singlepoint Inc Stockholders was 4.5 million) compared to net loss of 1.3 million) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 respectively. The increase in net loss was primarily due to the increases in other expenses, compounded by the increases in SG A expenses. 23 Table of Contents Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we generated revenue of 15.1 million as compared to 20.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in revenue was due primarily to lower revenues at Boston Solar and lower sales of our air purification systems. Cost of Revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cost of revenue decreased to 9.4 million from 14.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due primarily to lower revenues at Boston Solar and lower sales of our air purification systems with corresponding decreases in cost of revenue. Gross Profit . As a result of the foregoing, our gross profit was 5.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 6.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change was due primarily to the completion of higher margin projects, lower revenues at Boston Solar and lower sales of our air purification systems. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses SG A . Our SG A expenses decreased to 13.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 16.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to 6.5 million in preferred stock issued for services in the prior year offset by approximately 2.2 million of expense related to stock issued for services during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and increases in consulting and professional fees. Other Income (Expense). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other expense was 9.3 million), compared to other expense of 1.7 million) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily due to settlement of liabilities, changes in fair value of derivative liability securities, financing costs, and amortization of debt discounts, partially offset by decreases in interest expenses. Net Income (Loss) . The Company s net loss attributable to Singlepoint Inc Stockholders was 17.3 million) compared to net loss of 0.7 million) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 respectively. The increase in net loss was primarily due to the increases in other expenses, compounded by the comparative increases in SG A expenses and lower margins. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 0.06 million. To continue operations for the next 12 months we will have a cash need of approximately 4.0 million. We anticipate funding our operations for the next 12 months using available cash, cash flow generated from our operations and proceeds from an offering. The Company plans to pay off current liabilities through sales and increasing revenue through sales of Company services and or products, or through financing activities as mentioned above, although there is no guarantee that the Company will ultimately do so. Should we not be able to fulfill our cash needs through the increase of revenue we will need to raise money through the sale of additional shares of common stock, convertible notes, debt or similar instrument(s). Our net losses and need for additional funding raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s principal sources of liquidity have been cash provided by operating activities, as well capital raised from the sale of securities. The Company s operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties and it is uncertain if the Company will be able to become profitable and continue growth for the foreseeable future. If management is not able to increase revenue and/or manage operating expenses, the Company may not be able to maintain profitability. The Company s ability to continue in existence is dependent on the Company s ability to achieve profitable operations. Operating Activities Cash used in operating activities Net cash used in operating activities was 2.6 million) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily as a result of our net loss attributable to SinglePoint Inc stockholders of 18.3 million), partially offset by a net positive change in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash used in operating activities was 0.1 million) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of our net loss attributable to SinglePoint Inc stockholders, partially offset by preferred stock issued for services and net positive changes in operating assets and liabilities. Investing Activities Cash flow used in investing activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company used 0.1 million) and 0.1 million) for investing activities. 24 Table of Contents Financing Activities Cash flow from financing activities During the period ended September 30, 2024, our financing activities provided cash of 1.9 million primarily from proceeds of sale of common stock and debt. During the period ended September 30, 2023, our financing activities provided cash of 0.6 million primarily from proceeds from the issuance of debt and common and preferred stock. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. Recent Accounting Pronouncements During the period ended September 30, 2024, there were no accounting standards and interpretations issued which are expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position, operations or cash flows. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our President and CEO and CFO, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure due to the material weaknesses described below. Based on our evaluation under the framework described above, our management concluded that we had material weaknesses (as such term is defined below) in our control environment and financial reporting process consisting of the following as of the Evaluation Date: 1) lack of a functioning audit committee resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal control and procedures; and 2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. A material weakness is defined under SEC rules as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. A system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with management s evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over the financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. 25 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Except as discussed below are not presently a party to any material litigation, nor to the knowledge of management is any litigation threatened against us, which may materially affect us. Item 1A. Risk Factors The Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures None. Item 5. Other Information None. 26 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Name of Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 United States Code Section 1350, as enacted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ________________ (1) Filed herewith. In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release No. 34-47986, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 27 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. SINGLEPOINT INC. Dated: December 30, 2024 By: /s/ William Ralston William Ralston Chief Executive Officer, Director 28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sing_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 sing_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) I, William Ralston, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q for Singlepoint Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on the most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s other certifying officer and registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Singlepoint Inc. Date: December 30, 2024 By: /s/ William Ralston Name: William Ralston Title: CEO (Chief Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sing_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 sing_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) I, Corey Lambrecht, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q for Singlepoint Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s other certifying officer and registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Singlepoint Inc. Date: December 30, 2024 By: /s/ Corey Lambrecht Name: Corey Lambrecht Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sing_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 sing_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Singlepoint Inc., hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to their knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Singlepoint Inc. for quarter ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Singlepoint Inc. Date: December 30, 2024 By: /s/ William Ralston William Ralston Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Corey Lambrecht Corey Lambrecht Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Singlepoint Inc. and will be retained by Singlepoint Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 sing-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sing-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 sing-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sing-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

