<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241025_10-Q_edgar_data_731012_0000731012-24-000142.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10855473</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103766</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2146792</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4005590</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2280047</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2085860</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000731012-24-000142.hdr.sgml : 20241025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241025160353
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000731012-24-000142
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEALTHCARE SERVICES GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000731012
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-NURSING & PERSONAL CARE FACILITIES [8050]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				232018365
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12015
		FILM NUMBER:		241397057

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3220 TILLMAN DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			BENSALEM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2159381661

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3220 TILLMAN DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			BENSALEM
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19020

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000731012-24-000142.txt : 20241025

10-Q
 1
 hcsg-20240930.htm
 10-Q

hcsg-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive office) 

(Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 ) 
 
 Former name, former address and former scal year, if changed since last report: 
 Not Applicable 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. Common Stock, 0.01 par value: shares outstanding as of October 23, 2024. 

Healthcare Services Group, Inc. 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 For the Period Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 PART II 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 44 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 44 
 SIGNATURES 
 45 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report and documents incorporated by reference into it may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, which are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and industry, and our beliefs and assumptions. Words such as believes, anticipates, plans, expects, estimates, will, goal, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that any of our plans will be achieved. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Such forward-looking information is also subject to various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks arising from our providing services to the healthcare industry and primarily providers of long-term care; having a significant portion of our consolidated revenues contributed by one customer during the nine months ended September 30, 2024; credit and collection risks associated with the healthcare industry; the impact of bank failures; our claims experience related to workers compensation and general liability insurance; the effects of changes in, or interpretations of laws and regulations governing the healthcare industry, our workforce and services provided, including state and local regulations pertaining to the taxability of our services and other labor-related matters such as minimum wage increases; the Company s expectations with respect to selling, general and administrative expense; the impacts of past or future cyber attacks or breaches; and the risk factors described in Part I of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 under Government Regulation of Customers, Service Agreements and Collections, and Competition and under Item 1A. Risk Factors in such Form 10-K and this Form 10-Q. 
 
 These factors, in addition to delays in payments from customers and/or customers undergoing restructurings, have resulted in, and could continue to result in, significant additional bad debts in the near future. Additionally, our operating results would be adversely affected by continued inflation particularly if increases in the costs of labor and labor-related costs, materials, supplies and equipment used in performing services (including the impact of potential tariffs) cannot be passed on to our customers. 
 
 In addition, we believe that to improve our financial performance we must continue to obtain service agreements with new customers, retain and provide new services to existing customers, achieve modest price increases on current service agreements with existing customers and/or maintain internal cost reduction strategies at our various operational levels. Furthermore, we believe that our ability to sustain the internal development of managerial personnel is an important factor impacting future operating results and the successful execution of our projected growth strategies. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in that regard. 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 Healthcare Services Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 ASSETS: (unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash equivalents Marketable securities, at fair value Restricted marketable securities, at fair value Accounts and notes receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Inventories and supplies Prepaid expenses and other assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, less accumulated amortization of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Notes receivable long term portion, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Deferred compensation funding, at fair value Deferred tax assets Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued payroll and related taxes Other accrued expenses and current liabilities Borrowings under line of credit Income taxes payable Deferred compensation liability short-term Accrued insurance claims Total current liabilities Accrued insurance claims long-term Deferred compensation liability long-term Lease liability long-term Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
 par value; shares authorized; and shares issued, and and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Common stock in treasury, at cost, and shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Healthcare Services Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Operating costs and expenses: Costs of services provided Selling, general and administrative expense Other income (expense): Investment and other income, net Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before taxes ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Per share data: Basic earnings (loss) per common share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale marketable securities, net of taxes ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Healthcare Services Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Bad debt provision Deferred income taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Amortization of premium on marketable securities Unrealized gain on deferred compensation fund investments ) ) Changes in other long-term liabilities ) ) Net loss on disposals of property and equipment Share of losses from equity method investment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts and notes receivable ) ) Inventories and supplies Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Deferred compensation funding ) ) Accounts payable and other accrued expenses ) ) Accrued payroll, accrued and withheld payroll taxes ) ) Income taxes payable ) ) Accrued insurance claims ) Deferred compensation liability Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Disposals of property and equipment Additions to property and equipment ) ) Acquisition of equity method investment ) Purchases of marketable securities ) Sales of marketable securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings Payments of statutory withholding on net issuance of restricted stock units ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents at beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents at end of the period 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Healthcare Services Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands) (Unaudited) 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of taxes Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Unrealized loss on available-for-sale marketable securities, net of taxes ) ) Shares issued in connection with equity incentive plans, net of taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Shares issued for Deferred Compensation Plan, net Shares issued for Employee Stock Purchase Plan ) Other Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized loss on available-for-sale marketable securities, net of taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Shares issued for Deferred Compensation Plan, net ) ) Other Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Unrealized gain on available-for-sale marketable securities, net of taxes Share-based compensation expense Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Shares issued for Deferred Compensation Plan, net ) Other Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, net of taxes Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Unrealized gain on available-for-sale marketable securities, net of taxes Shares issued in connection with equity incentive plans, net of taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Shares issued for Deferred Compensation Plan, net Shares issued for Employee Stock Purchase Plan ) Other Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Unrealized loss on available-for-sale marketable securities, net of taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Treasury shares issued for Deferred Compensation Plan, net ) ) Other Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Unrealized loss on available-for-sale marketable securities, net of taxes ) ) Share-based compensation expense Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Shares issued pursuant to Dividend Reinvestment Plan ) Other Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Healthcare Services Group, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

service term, cancellable by either party upon to days notice after an initial period of to days. 
 
 reportable segments: housekeeping, laundry, linen and other services Housekeeping ), and dietary department services Dietary ). 
 
 Housekeeping consists of managing the customers housekeeping departments, which are principally responsible for the cleaning, disinfecting and sanitizing of resident rooms and common areas of a customer s facility, as well as the laundering and processing of the bed linens, uniforms, resident personal clothing and other assorted linen items utilized at a customer facility. 
 
 Dietary consists of managing the customers dietary departments, which are principally responsible for food purchasing, meal preparation and dietitian professional services, which includes the development of menus that meet residents dietary needs. 
 
 Unaudited Interim Financial Data 

Use of Estimates in Financial Statements 

6 

Table of Contents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Equivalents 

Restricted cash equivalents 1 
 Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents 
 
 1. On February 2, 2024, the Company entered into a Collateral Trust Agreement with the Company s third-party insurer and a trustee whereby investments or money market funds are held in a trust account to benefit the insurer and are restricted for that purpose. Restricted cash equivalents represent funds invested in money market accounts as of September 30, 2024. The trust account was set up in conjunction with a reduction in the Company s letter of credit collateral obligation for insurance obligations. 
 
 Accounts and Notes Receivable 
 
 . 
 
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

7 

Table of Contents 

months. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 

Leases 

Income Taxes 

Earnings (Loss) per Common Share 

Share-Based Compensation 

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

impairment loss was recognized on the Company s goodwill or other intangible assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

million to million, which was previously approved by a majority of the Company s shareholders. 
 
 Investments in Equity Securities 
 
 million for a ownership share in a health care technology company which specializes in the long-term and acute care markets which was accounted for as an equity method investment. Investments in equity securities are recorded within Other long-term assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company s proportionate share of earnings or losses of the investee are recorded within Investment and other income, net on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). The Company elects to record its proportionate share of earnings or losses in equity method investments using a three-month lag based on the most recently available financial statements. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 
 large financial institutions located in the United States. At December 31, 2023, the majority were held in large financial institution located in the United States. The Company s marketable securities and restricted marketable securities are fixed income investments which are highly liquid and can be readily purchased or sold through established markets. The Company s deferred compensation funding consists of fund and money market investments all of which are highly liquid and held in a trust account. 
 
 The Company s customers are concentrated in the healthcare industry and are primarily providers of long-term care. The revenues of many of the Company s customers are highly reliant on Medicare, Medicaid and third party payors reimbursement funding rates. New legislation or changes in existing regulations could directly impact the governmental reimbursement programs in which the Company s customers participate. As a result, the Company may not realize the full effects such programs may have on the Company s customers until such new legislation or changes in existing regulations are fully implemented and governmental agencies issue applicable regulations or guidance. 
 Significant Customer 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Genesis Healthcare, Inc. Genesis accounted for million, or , and million, or , of the Company s consolidated revenues, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Genesis accounted for million, or , and million, or , of the Company's consolidated revenues, respectively. Although the Company expects to continue its relationship with Genesis, there can be no assurance thereof. Revenues generated from Genesis were included in both operating segments previously mentioned. Any extended discontinuance of revenues, or significant reduction, from this customer could, if not replaced, have a material impact on our operations. In addition, if Genesis fails to abide by current payment terms, it could increase our accounts and notes receivable, net balance and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. No single customer or customer group represented more than 10 of our consolidated revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and other than Genesis, no other single customer or customer group represented more than 10 of our consolidated revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Employee Retention Credit 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Reclassifications 

) (Loss) income before taxes ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) ) Basic (loss) earnings per common share ) ) ) Diluted (loss) earnings per common share ) ) ) 
 
 In addition to the effect of the correction noted above, the error also reduced retained earnings by million as of December 31, 2022, as presented in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity. The effect of the correction of the error noted above had no impact on the Company s previously reported Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, except for adjustments to individual line items as described in the tables above. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

million and million of the Company s consolidated revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which represented approximately and of the Company s revenues in each respective period. Housekeeping services include managing customers housekeeping departments, which are principally responsible for the cleaning, disinfecting and sanitizing of resident rooms and common areas of the customers facilities, as well as the laundering and processing of the bed linens, uniforms, resident personal clothing and other assorted linen items utilized at the customers facilities. Upon beginning service with a customer facility, the Company will typically hire and train the employees previously employed by such facility and assign an on-site manager to supervise and train the front-line personnel and coordinate housekeeping services with other facility support functions in accordance with customer requests. Such management personnel also oversee the execution of various cost and quality control procedures including continuous training and employee evaluation. 
 
 Dietary 
 
 Dietary services accounted for million and million of the Company s consolidated revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which represented approximately and of the Company s revenues in each respective period. Dietary services consist of managing customers dietary departments which are principally responsible for food purchasing, meal preparation and professional dietitian services, which include the development of menus that meet the dietary needs of residents. On-site management is responsible for all daily dietary department activities, with regular support provided by a District Manager specializing in dietary services. The Company also offers clinical consulting services to facilities which if contracted is a service bundled within the monthly service provided to customers. Upon beginning service with a customer facility, the Company will typically hire and train the employees previously employed by such facility and assign an on-site manager to supervise and train the front-line personnel and coordinate dietitian services with other facility support functions in accordance with customer requests. Such management personnel also oversee the execution of various cost and quality control procedures including continuous training and employee evaluation. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 The Company s revenues are derived from contracts with customers. The Company recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the Company is entitled in exchange for those goods and services. The Company s costs of obtaining contracts are not material. 
 
 The Company performs services and provides goods in accordance with its contracts with its customers. Such contracts typically provide for a renewable service term, cancellable by either party upon to days notice, after an initial period of to days. A performance obligation is the unit of account under ASC 606 and is defined as a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. The Company s Housekeeping and Dietary contracts relate to the provision of bundles of goods, services or both, which represent a series of distinct goods and services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. The Company accounts for the series as a single performance obligation satisfied over time, as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the goods and services provided. Revenue is recognized using the output method, which is based upon the delivery of goods and services to the customers facilities. In limited cases, the Company provides goods, services or both before the execution of a written contract. In these cases, the Company defers the recognition of revenue until a contract is executed. The amount of such deferred revenue was million as of September 30, 2024 and less than million as of December 31, 2023. All revenue amounts deferred as of December 31, 2023 were subsequently recognized as revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

million reduction to revenue. 
 
 The Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation noting that the bundle of goods, services or goods and services provided under each Housekeeping and Dietary contract represents a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time. The Company recognizes the related revenue when it satisfies the performance obligation by transferring a bundle of promised goods, services or both to a customer. Such recognition is on a monthly or weekly basis, as goods are provided and services are performed. In some cases, the Company requires customers to pay in advance for goods and services to be provided. As of September 30, 2024, the value of the contract liabilities associated with customer prepayments was million. As of December 31, 2023, the value of the contract liabilities associated with customer prepayments was million. The Company recognized million of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 which was recorded as a contract liability on December 31, 2023. 
 
 Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 The Company recognizes revenue as it satisfies the performance obligations associated with contracts with customers which, due to the nature of the goods and services provided by the Company, are satisfied over time. Contracts may contain transaction prices that are fixed, variable or both. , with renewable service terms, cancellable by either party upon to days notice after an initial period of to days. The Company has elected to apply the practical expedient that permits exclusion of information about the remaining performance obligations with original expected durations of one year or less which applies to all of the Company s remaining performance obligations as of September 30, 2024. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total net short-term accounts and notes receivable Long-term Notes receivable Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total net long-term notes receivable Total net accounts and notes receivable 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively. Interest income from notes receivable for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 During June 2024, LaVie Care Centers, LLC LaVie ), a customer of the Company, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the Northern District of Georgia. The Company increased the allowance for doubtful accounts by million related to outstanding LaVie invoices during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company continues to provide services to LaVie post-petition. Revenues that the Company has earned on post-petition services provided to LaVie are recognized upon cash receipt in accordance with ASC 606, as the Company determines that collectability of substantially all of the entitled consideration in exchange for services provided is not probable for customers with ongoing bankruptcy proceedings until such cash is received. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Delinquent notes receivable Elevated risk notes receivable Current-period gross write-offs Current-period recoveries Current-period net write-offs 
 
 Delinquent notes receivable Elevated risk notes receivable 
 
 ) Notes receivable Standard notes receivable Delinquent notes receivable ) Elevated risk notes receivable ) ) Total notes receivable ) ) Total accounts and notes receivable ) 
 
 1. Write-offs are shown net of recoveries. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company collected less than million of accounts and notes receivable which had previously been written-off as uncollectible. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

) Notes receivable Standard notes receivable ) Elevated risk notes receivable ) Total notes receivable ) Total accounts and notes receivable ) 
 1. Write-offs are shown net of recoveries. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company collected less than million of accounts and notes receivable which had previously been written-off as uncollectible. 
 The following tables provide a summary of the changes in the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts on a portfolio segment basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Delinquent notes receivable were not considered a separate portfolio segment at December 31, 2023. The amount presented in the table below for the allowance for doubtful accounts for delinquent notes receivable was included within the standard notes receivable portfolio at December 31, 2023. 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts Portfolio Segment: December 31, 2023 1 
 Write-Offs 2 
 Bad Debt Expense September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Accounts receivable ) Notes receivable Standard notes receivable Delinquent notes receivable ) Elevated risk notes receivable ) ) Total notes receivable ) ) Total accounts and notes receivable ) 
 1. The December 31, 2023 balance includes transfers of million from the standard notes receivable portfolio segment to the delinquent notes receivable portfolio segment. 
 2. Write-offs are shown net of recoveries. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company collected million of accounts and notes receivable which had previously been written-off as uncollectible. 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts Portfolio segment: December 31, 2022 1 
 Write-Offs 1 
 Bad Debt Expense September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Accounts receivable ) Notes receivable Standard notes receivable ) Elevated risk notes receivable ) Total notes receivable ) Total accounts and notes receivable ) 
 1. Write-offs are shown net of recoveries. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company collected million of accounts and notes receivable which had previously been written-off as uncollectible. 

15 

Table of Contents 
 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Income reclassified from other comprehensive loss Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ending balance ) ) 
 1. All amounts are net of tax. 
 2. Realized gains and losses were recorded pre-tax within Investment and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded realized losses of million and less than million, respectively from the sale of available-for-sale securities. Refer to Note 10 Fair Value Measurements herein for further information. 
 3. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the changes in other comprehensive loss were net of a tax benefit of million and million, respectively. ) Tax benefit Net loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, Losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities ) ) Tax benefit Net losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Computer hardware and software Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Other 1 
 Total property and equipment, at cost Less accumulated depreciation 2 
 Total property and equipment, net 
 1. Includes furniture and fixtures, leasehold improvements and autos and trucks. 
 2. Includes million and million related to accumulated depreciation on Operating lease right-of-use assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. Of the depreciation expense recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, million and million, respectively, was related to the depreciation of the Company s operating lease - right-of-use assets million and million, respectively, was related to the depreciation of the ROU Assets. 

year to years and have extension options ranging from year to years. Most leases include the option to terminate the lease within year. 
 
 The Company uses practical expedients offered under ASC 842 to combine lease and non-lease components within leasing arrangements and to recognize the payments associated with short-term leases in earnings on a straight-line basis over the lease term, with the cost associated with variable lease payments recognized when incurred. These accounting policy elections impact the value of the Company s ROU Assets and lease liabilities. The value of the Company s ROU Assets is determined as the non-depreciated fair value of its leasing arrangements and is recorded in Property and equipment, net on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The value of the Company s lease liabilities is the present value of fixed lease payments not yet paid, which is discounted using either the rate implicit in the lease contract if that rate can be determined or the Company s incremental borrowing rate IBR and is recorded in Other accrued expenses and current liabilities and Lease liability long-term on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company s IBR is determined as the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term in an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. 
 
 Any future lease payments that are not fixed based on the terms of the lease contract, or fluctuate based on a factor other than an index or rate, are considered variable lease payments and are not included in the value of the Company s ROU assets or lease liabilities. The Company s variable lease payments are mostly incurred from automobile leases and relate to miscellaneous transportation costs including repair costs, insurance, and terminal rental adjustment payments due at lease settlement. Such rental adjustment payments can result in a reduction to the Company s total variable lease payments. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Lease cost Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s ROU Assets and lease liabilities were reduced by million and million, respectively, due to lease cancellations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company's ROU Assets and lease liabilities were reduced by million and million, respectively, due to lease cancellations. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

years, years, years and years, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 
 
 Amortization expense was million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 

million and million on marketable securities and restricted marketable securities, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded unrealized losses, net of taxes of million and unrealized losses, net of taxes of million on marketable securities, respectively. 
 
 As part of a prior period acquisition of a prepackaged meal manufacturer, the Company agreed to pay royalties to the seller on all future product sales. The Company recorded a liability for the expected future payments within Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of this liability is measured using forecasted sales models (Level 3). For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded realized gains of million and million, respectively, within Costs of services provided in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) related to the subsequent measurement of the liability at each balance sheet date. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded realized gains of million and million, respectively, related to the subsequent measurement of the liability at each balance sheet date. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, from sales of available-for-sale marketable securities. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, these sales resulted in realized losses of less than million, which were recorded within Investment and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company received total proceeds, less the amount of interest received, of million and million, respectively, from sales of available-for-sale marketable securities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, these sales resulted in realized losses of million and losses of less than million, respectively, which were recorded within Investment and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). The basis for the sale of these securities was the specific identification of each bond sold during the period. 
 
 The investments under the funded deferred compensation plan are classified as trading securities and unrealized gains or losses are recorded within Investment and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) . The fair value of the investments are determined based on quoted market prices (Level 1) or the net asset value NAV of underlying share investments (Level 2). For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized unrealized gains of million and losses of million , respectively, related to equity securities held at the respective reporting dates. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized unrealized gains of million and million , respectively, related to equity securities held at the respective reporting dates. 
 
 Maturing in second year through fifth year Maturing in sixth year through tenth year Maturing after ten years Total marketable securities, at fair value Restricted marketable securities, at fair value Maturing in one year or less Maturing in second year through fifth year Maturing in sixth year through tenth year Maturing after ten years Total restricted marketable securities, at fair value Total debt securities available-for-sale 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

) Municipal bonds non-taxable ) Total marketable securities ) Restricted marketable securities U.S. treasury bonds U.S. government agency bonds International fixed income bonds Corporate bonds Municipal bonds taxable Total restricted marketable securities Total debt securities available-for-sale ) December 31, 2023 Type of security: Municipal bonds non-taxable ) Total debt securities available-for-sale ) 

21 

Table of Contents 

Municipal bonds non-taxable Total marketable securities Restricted marketable securities U.S. treasury bonds U.S. government agency bonds International fixed income bonds Corporate bonds Municipal bonds taxable Total restricted marketable securities Deferred compensation fund Money market 1 
 Commodities Fixed income International Large cap blend Large cap growth Large cap value Mid cap blend Real estate Small cap blend Total deferred compensation fund 2 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Deferred compensation fund Money market 1 
 Commodities Fixed income International Large cap blend Large cap growth Large cap value Mid cap blend Real estate Small cap blend Deferred compensation fund 2 
 
 1. The fair value of the money market fund is based on the NAV of the shares held by the plan at the end of the period. The money market fund includes short-term United States dollar denominated money market instruments and the NAV is determined by the custodian of the fund. The money market fund can be redeemed at its NAV at the measurement date as there are no significant restrictions on the ability to sell this investment. 
 2. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million of short-term deferred compensation funding is included within Prepaid expenses and other assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. Such amounts of short-term deferred compensation funding represent investments expected to be liquidated and paid within 12 months of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Restricted stock, restricted stock units and deferred stock units Performance stock units Employee Stock Purchase Plan Total pre-tax share-based compensation expense charged against income 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options and awards was million. The weighted average period over which these awards will vest is approximately years. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Costs of services provided Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 Amended 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 On May 26, 2020, the Company adopted the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan after approval by the Company s Shareholders at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. On May 30, 2023, the Company increased the authorized shares under the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended, the Amended 2020 Plan by million shares after approval by the Company s Shareholders at the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Amended 2020 Plan provides that current or prospective officers, employees, non-employee directors and advisors can receive share-based awards such as stock options, performance stock units, restricted stock units and other stock awards. The Amended 2020 Plan seeks to encourage profitability and growth of the Company through short-term and long-term incentives that are consistent with the Company s operating objectives. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were million shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Amended 2020 Plan, of which million are available for future grant. The amount of shares available for issuance under the Amended 2020 Plan will increase when outstanding awards under the Company s Second Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan are subsequently forfeited, terminated, lapsed or satisfied thereunder in cash or property other than shares. No stock award will have a term in excess of years. The Nominating, Compensation and Stock Option Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for determining the terms of the grants in accordance with the Amended 2020 Plan. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Expired ) September 30, 2024 
 
 The weighted average grant date fair values of stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and per common share, respectively. No stock options were exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Weighted average expected life years years Expected volatility Dividend yield 
 
 Weighted average remaining contractual life years Exercisable: Number of options Weighted average exercise price Aggregate intrinsic value Weighted average remaining contractual life years 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The fair value of outstanding restricted stock units RSUs and deferred stock units DSUs was determined based on the market price of the shares on the date of grant. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted million RSUs and DSUs to its employees with a weighted average grant date fair value of per unit. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company granted million RSUs and DSUs to its employees with a weighted average grant date fair value of per unit. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) September 30, 2024 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

anniversary of the date of grant, (ii) the recipient s death, disability or separation of service from the Board, or (iii) a change of control (as defined by the 2020 Plan). Non-employee directors can also elect to receive their Board of Directors retainer in the form of DSUs in lieu of cash. The number of DSUs granted to these directors is determined based on the stock price on the award date and approximates the cash value the directors would otherwise receive for their retainer. non-employee directors made an election in 2023 to receive DSUs in lieu of cash for their 2024 Board of Directors retainer. The unrecognized share-based compensation cost of outstanding DSU awards at September 30, 2024 is million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Performance Stock Units 
 
 On January 3, 2024, the Company issued million performance stock units PSUs to the Company s executive officers. Such PSUs are contingent upon the achievement of certain total shareholder return TSR targets as compared to the TSR of the S P 400 MidCap Index and the participant s continued employment with the Company for the period ending December 31, 2026, the date at which such PSUs vest. The unrecognized share-based compensation cost of the TSR-based PSU awards at September 30, 2024 is million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited ) September 30, 2024 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 The Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP is currently available through 2026 to all eligible employees. All full-time and part-time employees who work an average of hours per week and have completed of continuous service with the Company are eligible to participate. Annual offerings commence and terminate on the respective year s first and last calendar day. 
 
 Under the ESPP, the Company is authorized to issue up to million shares of its common stock to its employees. Pursuant to such authorization, there were million shares available for future grant at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Weighted average expected life (years) Expected volatility Dividend yield 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

million shares of its common stock to its employees. Pursuant to such authorization, the Company has million shares available for future grant at September 30, 2024. At the time of issuance, such shares are accounted for at cost as treasury stock. 
 
 Unrealized gain recorded in SERP liability account 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 Differences between the effective tax rate and the applicable U.S. federal statutory rate arise primarily from the effect of state and local income taxes, share-based compensation and tax credits available to the Company. The actual 2024 effective tax rate will likely vary from the estimate depending on the actual operating income earned with availability of tax credits, the exercising of stock options and vesting of share-based awards. 
 
 The Company regularly evaluates the tax positions taken or expected to be taken resulting from financial statement recognition of certain items. Based on the evaluation, there are significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s financial statements. The evaluation was performed for the tax years ended December 31, 2019 through 2023 (with regard to U.S. federal income tax returns) and December 31, 2018 through 2023 (with regard to various state and local income tax returns), the tax years which remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions as of September 30, 2024. 

reportable segments: Housekeeping (housekeeping, laundry, linen and other services) and Dietary (dietary department services). Although both segments serve a similar customer base and share many operational similarities, they are managed separately due to distinct differences in the type of services provided, as well as the specialized expertise required of the professional management personnel responsible for delivering each segment s services. Such services are rendered pursuant to discrete contracts, specific to each reportable segment. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Dietary Total Income before income taxes Housekeeping Dietary Corporate and eliminations 1 
 ) ) ) ) Total ) 
 1. Primarily represents corporate office costs and related overhead, recording of certain inventories and supplies and workers compensation costs at the reportable segment level which use accounting methods that differ from those used at the corporate level, as well as consolidated subsidiaries operating expenses that are not allocated to the reportable segments, net of investment and other income and interest expense. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

) Denominator Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities 1 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted Basic earnings (loss) per share: ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share: ) 

million bank line of credit on which to draw for general corporate purposes. Amounts drawn under the line of credit generally bear interest at a floating rate, based on the Company s leverage ratio, and starting at the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus basis points. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were million in borrowings under the line of credit. The line of credit requires the Company to satisfy financial covenants, with which the Company is in compliance as of September 30, 2024. The line of credit expires on November 22, 2027. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company also had outstanding million in irrevocable standby letters of credit, which relate to payment obligations under the Company s insurance programs. In connection with the issuance of the letters of credit, the amount available under the line of credit was reduced by million to million at September 30, 2024. The letters of credit expire during the first quarter of 2025. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

million in connection with work performed by Align+Engage LLC on an application to be used by Company personnel. 

30 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion is intended to provide the reader with information that will be helpful in understanding our financial statements, including the changes in certain key items when comparing financial statements period to period. We also intend to provide the primary factors that accounted for those changes as well as a summary of how certain accounting principles affect our financial statements. In addition, we are providing information about the financial results of our two operating segments to further assist in understanding how these segments and their results affect our consolidated results of operations. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the notes accompanying those financial statements. 

Overview 
 
 We provide management, administrative and operating expertise and services to the housekeeping, laundry, linen, facility maintenance and dietary service departments of healthcare facilities, including nursing homes, retirement complexes, rehabilitation centers and hospitals located throughout the United States. We provide such services to approximately 2,600 facilities throughout the continental United States as of September 30, 2024. We believe we are the largest provider of housekeeping and laundry management services to the long-term care industry in the United States. 
 
 We provide services primarily pursuant to full-service agreements with our customers. Under such agreements, we are responsible for the day-to-day management of the employees located at our customers facilities, as well as for the provision of certain supplies. We also provide services on the basis of management-only agreements for a limited number of customers. Under a management-only agreement, we provide management and supervisory services while the customer facility retains payroll responsibility for the non-supervisory staff. In certain management-only agreements, the Company maintains responsibility for purchasing supplies. Our agreements with customers typically provide for a renewable one year service term cancellable by either party upon 30 to 90 days notice after an initial period of 60 to 120 days. 
 
 We are organized into two reportable segments: housekeeping, laundry, linen and other services Housekeeping and dietary department services Dietary ). 
 
 Housekeeping consists of managing our customers housekeeping departments, which are principally responsible for the cleaning, disinfecting and sanitizing of resident rooms and common areas of the customers facilities, as well as the laundering and processing of the bed linens, uniforms, resident personal clothing and other assorted linen items utilized at the customers facilities. Upon beginning service with a customer facility, we typically hire and train the employees previously employed by such facility and assign an on-site manager to supervise the front-line personnel and coordinate housekeeping services with other facility support functions in accordance with customer requests. Such management personnel also oversee the execution of various cost and quality control procedures including continuous training and employee evaluation. On-site management is responsible for all daily customer housekeeping department activities with regular support provided by a District Manager specializing in such services. 
 
 Dietary consists of managing our customers dietary departments, which are principally responsible for food purchasing, meal preparation and professional dietitian services, which include the development of menus that meet the dietary needs of residents. On-site management is responsible for all daily dietary department activities with regular support provided by a District Manager specializing in dietary services. We also offer clinical consulting services to our dietary customers which may be provided as a standalone service or be bundled with other dietary department services. Upon beginning service with a customer facility, we typically hire and train the employees previously employed by such facility and assign an on-site manager to supervise the front-line personnel and coordinate dietitian services with other facility support functions in accordance with customer requests. Such management personnel also oversee the execution of various cost and quality control procedures including continuous training and employee evaluation. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, Housekeeping services were provided at approximately 2,200 customer facilities, generating approximately 44.8 or 572.7 million of our total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Dietary services were provided at approximately 1,600 customer facilities at September 30, 2024, generating approximately 55.2 or 705.2 million of our total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes the income statement key components that we use to evaluate our financial performance on a consolidated and reportable segment basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The differences between the reportable segments operating results and other disclosed data and our consolidated financial results relate primarily to corporate level transactions and adjustments related to transactions recorded at the reportable segment level which use methods other than generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Revenues Housekeeping 191,101 190,920 0.1 Dietary 237,048 220,468 7.5 Consolidated 428,149 411,388 4.1 Costs of services provided Housekeeping 178,868 180,634 (1.0) Dietary 224,533 218,539 2.7 Corporate and eliminations (38,671) (22,237) (73.9) Consolidated 364,730 376,936 (3.2) Selling, general and administrative expense Corporate and eliminations 46,888 39,047 20.1 Investment and other income, net Corporate and eliminations 3,825 394 870.8 Interest expense Corporate and eliminations (1,548) (2,132) 27.4 Income (loss) before income taxes Housekeeping 12,233 10,286 18.9 Dietary 12,515 1,929 548.8 Corporate and eliminations (5,940) (18,548) 68.0 Consolidated 18,808 (6,333) 397.0 

32 

Table of Contents 

Housekeeping and Dietary revenues represented approximately 44.6 and 55.4 of consolidated revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 The following table sets forth the ratio of certain items to consolidated revenues: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenues 100.0 100.0 Operating costs and expenses: Costs of services provided 85.2 91.6 Selling, general and administrative expense 11.0 9.5 Other income (expense): Investment and other income, net 0.9 0.1 Interest expense (0.4) (0.5) Income (loss) before taxes 4.3 (1.5) Income tax provision (benefit) 1.1 (0.3) Net income (loss) 3.2 (1.2) 

Revenues 
 
 Consolidated 
 
 Consolidated revenues increased 4.1 to 428.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 411.4 million for the corresponding period in 2023, as a result of the factors discussed below under Reportable Segments. 
 
 Reportable Segments 
 
 Housekeeping revenues increased 0.1 and Dietary revenues increased 7.5 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized changes in variable consideration as reductions to revenue of 12.6 million, including 3.7 million of Housekeeping revenues and 8.9 million of Dietary revenues. Excluding the impact of such changes, Housekeeping revenues decreased 1.8 and Dietary revenues increased 3.3 . Housekeeping revenues, adjusted for the change in variable consideration, declined due to a decrease in the number of facilities serviced. Dietary revenues, adjusted for the change in variable consideration, increased driven by contractual pass-throughs of increases in labor and supplies costs. 

Costs of Services Provided 
 
 Consolidated 
 
 Consolidated costs of services provided decreased by 3.2 to 364.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 376.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The following table provides a comparison of key indicators we consider when managing the consolidated costs of services provided: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Costs of Services Provided - Key Indicators as a of Consolidated Revenues 2024 2023 Change Bad debt provision 0.0 3.4 (3.4) Self-insurance costs 2.2 2.5 (0.3) 
 
 Bad debt provision as a percentage of consolidated revenues may fluctuate due to the timing of cash collections from customers and customer-specific events, such as bankruptcies and receiverships. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, bad debt provision included a 9.1 million expense associated with a customer group which entered into bankruptcy. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Reportable Segments 
 
 Costs of services provided for Housekeeping, as a percentage of Housekeeping revenues, decreased to 93.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 94.6 in the corresponding period in 2023. Costs of services provided for Dietary, as a percentage of Dietary revenues, decreased to 94.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 99.1 in the corresponding period in 2023. 
 
 The following table provides a comparison of the key indicators we consider when managing costs of services provided at the segment level, as a percentage of the respective segment s revenues: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Costs of Services Provided - Key Indicators as a of Segment Revenue 2024 2023 Change Housekeeping labor and other labor-related costs 83.7 84.5 (0.8) Housekeeping supplies 6.8 7.2 (0.4) Housekeeping other costs 3.1 
 2.9 0.2 Dietary labor and other labor-related costs 58.4 62.0 (3.6) Dietary supplies 35.5 36.5 (1.0) Dietary other costs 0.8 0.6 0.2 
 
 Variations within these key indicators relate to the provision of services at new facilities and changes in the mix of customers for whom we provide supplies or do not provide supplies. 

Consolidated Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 
 Included in selling, general and administrative expense are gains and losses associated with changes in the value of investments under the deferred compensation plan. These investments represent the amounts held on behalf of the participating employees and changes in the value of these investments affect the amount of our deferred compensation liability. Gains on the plan investments during the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased our total selling, general and administrative expense, while losses on the plan investments during the three months ended September 30, 2023 decreased our total selling, general and administrative expense. 
 
 Excluding the change in the deferred compensation plan described above, consolidated selling, general and administrative expense increased 4.2 million or 10.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023. The change was driven by increases in payroll, legal, travel and fleet-related expenses. 
 
 The table below summarizes the changes in these components of selling, general and administrative expense: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (dollar amounts in thousands) Selling, general and administrative expense excluding change in deferred compensation plan liability 44,469 40,289 4,180 10.4 Increase (decrease) in deferred compensation plan liability 2,419 (1,242) 3,661 (294.8) Selling, general and administrative expense 46,888 39,047 7,841 20.1 

Consolidated Investment and Other Income, net 
 
 Investment and other income, net was a 3.8 million gain for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.4 million gain in the corresponding 2023 period. The change was driven by market fluctuations in the value of our trading security investments representing the funding for our deferred compensation plan. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

The table below summarizes the changes in these components of investment and other income, net: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (dollar amounts in thousands) Investment and other income, net excluding change in deferred compensation plan assets 1,405 1,621 (216) (13.3) Increase (decrease) in deferred compensation plan assets 2,420 (1,227) 3,647 (297.2) Investment and other income, net 3,825 394 3,431 870.8 
 
 Consolidated Interest Expense 
 
 Consolidated interest expense decreased to 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2.1 million for the same period in 2023 due to the lower average amount of short-term borrowings during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Consolidated Income Taxes 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a provision for income taxes of 4.8 million, or 25.4 effective tax rate, versus a benefit for income taxes of 1.3 million, or 20.3 effective tax rate, for the same period in 2023. The effective tax rate change is based on the impact of discrete items in each quarter combined with the impact of our full year income estimate on the tax provision. 
 
 The actual annual effective tax rate will be impacted by the tax effects of option exercises or vested awards, which are treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur and may vary based upon the our common stock price at exercise and the volume of such exercises; therefore, these cannot be considered in the calculation of the estimated annual effective tax rate. The impact on our income tax provision (benefit) for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for such discrete items was an expense of 0.3 million. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes the income statement key components that we use to evaluate our financial performance on a consolidated and reportable segment basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The differences between the reportable segments operating results and other disclosed data and our consolidated financial results relate primarily to corporate level transactions and adjustments related to transactions recorded at the reportable segment level which use methods other than generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Revenues Housekeeping 572,666 575,256 (0.5) Dietary 705,204 672,293 4.9 Consolidated 1,277,870 1,247,549 2.4 Costs of services provided Housekeeping 524,974 528,309 (0.6) Dietary 660,129 643,255 2.6 Corporate and eliminations (76,720) (64,045) 19.8 Consolidated 1,108,383 1,107,519 0.1 Selling, general and administrative expense Corporate and eliminations 138,236 120,523 14.7 Investment and other income, net Corporate and eliminations 12,145 7,047 72.3 Interest expense Corporate and eliminations (5,260) (5,798) (9.3) Income before income taxes Housekeeping 47,692 46,947 1.6 Dietary 45,075 29,038 55.2 Corporate and eliminations (54,631) (55,229) (1.1) Consolidated 38,136 20,756 83.7 
 
 Housekeeping and Dietary revenues represented approximately 44.8 and 55.2 of consolidated revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the ratio of certain items to consolidated revenues: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenues 100.0 100.0 Operating costs and expenses: Costs of services provided 86.7 88.8 Selling, general and administrative expense 10.8 9.7 Other (expense) income: Investment and other income, net 1.0 0.6 Interest expense (0.4) (0.5) Income before income taxes 3.1 1.6 Income tax provision 0.8 0.5 Net income 2.3 1.1 

Revenues 
 
 Consolidated 
 
 Consolidated revenues increased to 1,277.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,247.5 million for the corresponding period in 2023 as a result of the factors discussed below under Reportable Segments. 
 
 Reportable Segments 
 
 Housekeeping revenues decreased 0.5 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the 2023 comparable period, while Dietary revenues increased 4.9 over the same period. Housekeeping revenues decreased due to a decline in the number of facilities serviced year-over-year, offset in part by increases to revenue from costs passed through to customer billings. Dietary revenues increased resulting from increases to contractual pass-throughs of labor and food costs, which have increased due to inflation and market factors. 

Costs of services provided 
 
 Consolidated 
 
 Consolidated costs of services increased by 0.1 to 1,108.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,107.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The following table provides a comparison of key indicators we consider when managing the consolidated costs of services provided: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Costs of Services Provided - Key Indicators as a of Consolidated Revenues 2024 2023 Change Bad debt provision 2.9 2.6 0.3 Self-insurance costs 1.8 2.5 (0.7) 
 
 In addition to the expense recorded based on the aging of receivables, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, bad debt provision includes an increase to the allowance for doubtful accounts of 17.6 million associated with the Chapter 11 bankruptcy of LaVie. We continue to provide services to LaVie on current terms and are deferring recognition of revenues from LaVie until cash is received. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, bad debt provision includes an increase to the allowance for doubtful accounts by 13.8 million arising from two customer groups, one which entered into an assignment for the benefit of creditors and one which entered into bankruptcy. 
 
 The decline in our self-insurance costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by a favorable 5.1 million adjustment to the Company's self-insurance reserves related to an actuarial assessment of the liability during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Self-insurance costs have also decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relative to the prior comparable period due to improved outcomes on existing workers' compensation claims. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Reportable Segments 
 
 Costs of services provided for Housekeeping, as a percentage of Housekeeping revenues, was 91.7 and 91.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Costs of services provided for Dietary, as a percentage of Dietary revenues, decreased to 93.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 95.7 in the corresponding period in 2023. 
 
 The following table provides a comparison of the key indicators we consider when managing costs of services provided at the segment level, as a percentage of the respective segment s revenues: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Costs of Services Provided - Key Indicators as a of Segment Revenues 2024 2023 Change Housekeeping labor and other labor-related costs 81.9 82.0 (0.1) Housekeeping supplies 6.8 7.1 (0.3) Housekeeping other costs 3.0 2.7 0.3 Dietary labor and other labor-related costs 57.5 59.6 (2.1) Dietary supplies 35.2 34.0 1.2 Dietary other costs 0.9 2.1 (1.2) 
 
 Variations within these key indicators relate to the provision of services at facilities served and changes in the mix of customers for whom we provide supplies or do not provide supplies. 

Consolidated Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 
 Included in selling, general and administrative expense are gains and losses associated with changes in the value of investments under the deferred compensation plan. These investments represent the amounts held on behalf of the participating employees and changes in the value of these investments affect the amount of our deferred compensation liability. Gains on the plan investments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 increased our total selling, general and administrative expense for these periods. 
 
 Excluding the change in the deferred compensation plan described above, consolidated selling, general and administrative expense increased 12.6 million or 10.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023. The change was driven primarily by increases in payroll, legal, travel and fleet-related expenses. 
 
 The table below summarizes the changes in these components of selling, general and administrative expense: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (dollar amounts in thousands) Selling, general and administrative expense excluding change in deferred compensation plan liability 130,467 117,893 12,574 10.7 Increase in deferred compensation plan liability 7,769 2,630 5,139 195.4 Selling, general and administrative expense 138,236 120,523 17,713 14.7 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Consolidated Investment and Other Income, net 
 
 Investment and other income, net was a 12.1 million gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a 7.0 million gain during the corresponding 2023 period, due to market fluctuations in the value of our trading security investments representing the funding for our deferred compensation plan. 
 
 The table below summarizes the changes in these components of investment and other income, net: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (dollar amounts in thousands) Investment and other income, net excluding change in deferred compensation plan assets 4,336 4,485 (149) (3.3) Increase in deferred compensation plan assets 7,809 2,562 5,247 204.8 Investment and other income, net 12,145 7,047 5,098 72.3 
 
 Consolidated Interest Expense 
 
 Consolidated interest expense was 5.3 million and 5.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as the average borrowing amount on our line of credit decreased, which was offset in part by increased interest rates for 2024. 

Consolidated Income Taxes 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized a provision for income taxes of 10.6 million, a 27.8 effective tax rate, and 5.9 million, a 28.3 effective tax rate, respectively. The actual annual effective tax rate will be impacted by the tax effects of option exercises or vested awards, which are treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur and may vary based upon the our common stock price at exercise and the volume of such exercises; therefore, these cannot be considered in the calculation of the estimated annual effective tax rate. The impact on our income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for such discrete items was an expense of approximately 1.5 million and 1.4 million, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are available cash and cash equivalents, available lines of credit under our revolving credit facility and cash flows from operating activities. At September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 103.8 million, restricted cash equivalents of 1.1 million, restricted marketable securities of 25.1 million and working capital of 380.9 million, compared to cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 147.5 million and working capital of 354.8 million at December 31, 2023. Our current ratio was 2.9 to 1.0 at September 30, 2024 and 2.6 to 1.0 at December 31, 2023. Marketable securities represent fixed income investments that are highly liquid and can be readily purchased or sold through established markets. Such securities are held by our captive insurance company to satisfy capital requirements of the state regulator related to captive insurance companies. Restricted cash equivalents and restricted marketable securities, at fair value represent highly liquid investments held in a trust account as collateral for certain insurance coverages the Company obtained from a third-party insurance carrier. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our cash flows were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash used in operating activities (5,402) (5,947) Net cash used in investing activities (15,751) (1,910) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (5,038) 12,891 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Our primary sources of cash from operating activities are the revenues generated from our Housekeeping and Dietary services. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are the funding of our payroll and other personnel-related costs as well as the 
 39 

Table of Contents 

costs of supplies used in providing our services. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash flow from operations was negative primarily due to the increase in accounts receivable. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Our principal uses of cash for investing activities are the purchases of marketable securities and capital expenditures such as housekeeping and food service equipment, computer software and hardware, and furniture and fixtures (see Capital Expenditures below for additional information). Such uses of cash are offset by proceeds from sales of property and equipment and marketable securities. 
 
 Our investments in marketable securities, the majority of which are municipal bonds, U.S. treasury bonds and corporate bonds, are intended to achieve our goal of preserving principal, maintaining adequate liquidity and maximizing returns subject to our investment guidelines. Our investment policy limits investment to certain types of instruments issued by institutions primarily with investment-grade ratings and places restrictions on concentration by type and issuer. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 The primary use of cash from financing activities is repurchases of our common stock. On February 14, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 7.5 million outstanding shares (the Repurchase Plan and suspended the quarterly dividend previously issued on common stock as part of our overall capital rebalancing strategy. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we repurchased 0.1 million and 0.3 million shares of our common stock for 1.0 million and 4.0 million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we repurchased 0.4 million and 0.5 million shares of our common stock for 4.0 million and 6.2 million, respectively. We remain authorized to repurchase up to 6.1 million shares of our Common Stock pursuant to the Repurchase Plan. 
 
 The primary source of cash from financing activities is the net borrowings under our bank line of credit. We borrow for general corporate purposes as needed throughout the year. 
 
 Line of Credit 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had a 300 million bank line of credit on which to draw for general corporate purposes. Amounts drawn under the line of credit generally bear interest at a floating rate, based on our leverage ratio, and starting at the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR rate plus 165 basis points. The Company s line of credit was amended on November 22, 2022 to, among other things, provide for a five-year unsecured revolving loan facility in the aggregate amount of 300 million with, at the Company s option, the ability to increase the revolving loan commitments to an aggregate amount not to exceed 500 million. At September 30, 2024, we borrowed 25 million under the line of credit. 
 
 The line of credit requires us to satisfy two financial covenants. The covenants and their respective status at September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 Covenant Descriptions and Requirements As of September 30, 2024 Funded debt 1 to EBITDA 2 ratio: less than 3.50 to 1.00 
 0.63 EBITDA to Interest Expense ratio: not less than 3.00 to 1.00 12.62 
 1. All indebtedness for borrowed money including, but not limited to, capitalized lease obligations, reimbursement obligations in respect of letters of credit and guarantees of any such indebtedness. 
 2. Net income plus interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation, amortization, stock compensation expense, costs incurred to maintain the line of credit facility and certain third-party charges associated with the line of credit agreement or permitted acquisition-related activity, subject to limitations. 
 
 As noted above, we were in compliance with our financial covenants at September 30, 2024 and we expect to remain in compliance. The line of credit expires on November 22, 2027. We believe that our existing capacity under the line of credit provides adequate liquidity. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we also had outstanding 60.2 million in irrevocable standby letters of credit, which relate to payment obligations under our insurance programs. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Capital Expenditures 
 
 The level of capital expenditures is generally dependent on the number of new customers obtained. Such capital expenditures primarily consist of housekeeping and food service equipment purchases, laundry and linen equipment installations, computer hardware and software, furniture and fixtures. Although we have no specific material commitments for capital expenditures through the end of calendar year 2024, we estimate that for 2024 we will have capital expenditures of approximately 5.0 million to 7.0 million, of which we have made 4.9 million through September 30, 2024. 
 
 Although there can be no assurance, we believe that our cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents balance and credit line will be adequate for the foreseeable future to satisfy the needs of our operations and to fund our anticipated growth. However, should these sources not be sufficient, we would seek to obtain necessary capital from such sources as long-term debt or equity financing. In addition, there can be no assurance of the terms thereof and any subsequent equity financing sought may have dilutive effects on our current shareholders. 
 
 Material Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have no material off-balance sheet arrangements, other than our irrevocable standby letter of credit previously discussed. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in the Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023. As described in such notes, we recognize revenue in the period in which the performance obligation is satisfied. Refer to our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Form 10-K. 
 
 In preparing our financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that, among other things, affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are most significant when they involve levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or matters susceptible to change and where they can have a material impact on our financial condition and operating performance. If actual results were to differ materially from the estimates made, the reported results could be materially affected. 
 
 Critical accounting estimates and the related assumptions are evaluated periodically as conditions warrant, and changes to such estimates are recorded as new information or changed conditions require. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 130.0 million in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents, marketable securities and restricted marketable securities. The fair value of all of our cash equivalents and marketable securities are determined based on Level 1 or Level 2 inputs, which are based upon quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market. We place our cash investments in instruments that meet credit quality standards, as specified in our investment policy guidelines. 
 
 Investments in both fixed-rate and floating-rate investments carry a degree of interest rate risk. The market value of fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted by an increase in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or if there is a decline in the fair value of our investments. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are intended to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), such as this Form 10-Q, is reported in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission rules. Disclosure controls are also intended to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to Management, including the Principal Executive Officer (President and Chief Executive Officer) and the Principal Financial Officer (Chief Financial Officer) as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on their evaluation as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b), our Management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective, after taking into consideration the controls implemented during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to address the material weakness identified in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that a reasonable possibility exists that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In the course of preparing the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, management identified a material weakness related to accrued payroll liabilities from employee vested vacation. Our controls over accrued payroll liabilities in respect to accrued vacation were not sufficiently designed to consider all accounting and disclosure ramifications of such accrued payroll liabilities. This material weakness resulted in immaterial misstatements in our 2022 and 2021 financial statements related to the accounting for accrued vacation which were corrected prior to issuance of the Company s 2023 financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management s Remediation Plan 
 
 The Company concluded that the material weakness identified in the 2023 Form 10-K surrounding controls over the estimation of accrued vacation has been remediated (the Remediated Material Weakness ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed the implementation of the following remedial measures to address the Remediated Material Weakness: 
 
 Developed a comprehensive method of accruing for vacation hours that resulted in process-level controls being added to ensure completeness and accuracy of the vacation calculation; 
 Standardized the processes performed by accounting department personnel to verify completeness and accuracy of information used in calculating the vacation accrual, including formal documentation of preparation and subsequent review of all reports and assumptions; and 
 Integrated the vacation accrual into the Company s standardized control activities related to the Company s financial statement close process, including controls over manual journal entries and account reconciliations. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than the Remediated Material Weakness described in the paragraph above, there were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Company continues to review its disclosure controls and procedures, including its internal control over financial reporting, and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that the Company s systems evolve with its business. 
 
 Certifications 
 
 Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer regarding, among other items, disclosure controls and procedures are included as exhibits to this Form 10-Q. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various administrative and legal proceedings, including labor and employment, contracts, personal injury and insurance matters. The Company believes it is not a party to, nor are any of its properties the subject of, any pending legal proceeding or governmental examination that would have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition or liquidity. 
 
 At this time, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate possible losses or form a judgment that an unfavorable outcome is either probable, reasonably possible or remote with respect to certain pending litigation claims asserted. 
 
 In light of the uncertainties involved in such proceedings, the ultimate outcome of a particular matter could become material to the Company s results of operations for a particular period depending on, among other factors, the size of the loss or liability imposed and the level of the Company s operating income for that period. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to the Risk Factors disclosed in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, with the exception of the risk factor below. 
 
 Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy 
 
 We have experienced cyber attacks and breaches, and may in the future experience cyber attacks and breaches which could cause operational disruptions, fraud or theft of sensitive information. 
 
 Aspects of our operations are reliant upon internet-based activities, such as ordering supplies and back-office functions such as accounting and transaction processing, making and accepting payments, processing payroll and other administrative functions. A significant disruption or failure of our information technology systems may have a significant impact on our operations, potentially resulting in service interruptions, security violations, regulatory compliance failures and other operational difficulties. In addition, any attack perpetrated against our information systems including through a system failure, security breach or disruption by malware or other damage, could similarly impact our operations and result in loss or misuse of information, litigation and potential liability. Further, like other companies, we have been subject to, and will continue to be subject to, cyber attacks and breaches and other vulnerabilities to data security incidents. For example, on October 9, 2024, we identified a cybersecurity incident, which involved unauthorized activity within some of our systems. The incident has not caused, and is not expected to cause, disruption of our business operations, although there can be no assurance thereof. 
 
 Although we have taken steps intended to mitigate the risks presented by potential cyber incidents, it is not possible to protect against every potential power loss, telecommunications failure, cybersecurity attack, data breach or similar event that may arise. Moreover, the safeguards we use are subject to human implementation and maintenance, technology evolutions and to other uncertainties. Any of these cyber incidents may result in a violation of applicable laws or regulations (including privacy and other laws), damage our reputation, cause a loss of customers and give rise to monetary fines and other penalties, which all could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 
 While we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions including deductibles, cover specific aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. Third parties to whom we outsource certain of our functions are also subject to the risks outlined above. We review and assess the cybersecurity controls of our third-party service providers and vendors, as appropriate, and make changes to our business processes to manage these risks. Data breaches of such third parties could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

43 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On February 14, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 7.5 million outstanding shares of common stock (the Repurchase Plan ). We remain authorized to purchase 6.1 million shares of common stock under the Repurchase Plan. 
 
 Shares repurchased pursuant to the Repurchase Plan during the three months ended September 30, 2024, were as follows: 
 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 Total number of shares of Common Stock repurchased Average price paid per share of Common Stock Aggregate purchase price of Common Stock repurchases 1 
 Number of remaining shares authorized for repurchase (in thousands) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 6,214 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 6,214 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 93,500 10.65 996 6,121 Third quarter 93,500 10.65 996 6,121 
 1. Excludes commissions and other costs of less than 0.1 million . 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) , or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Report: 
 Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act + 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act + 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act + 
 101 The following financial information from the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101.) 
 + Filed herewith 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant had duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 HEALTHCARE SERVICES GROUP, INC. Date: October 25, 2024 /s/ Theodore Wahl Theodore Wahl President Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 25, 2024 /s/ Vikas Singh Vikas Singh Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 45 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311section302certificati.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
 Under the Securities Exchange Act, as Amended 
 
 I, Theodore Wahl, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Healthcare Services Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date October 25, 2024 s Theodore Wahl Theodore Wahl President & Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312section302certificati.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
 Under the Securities Exchange Act, as Amended 
 
 I, Vikas Singh, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Healthcare Services Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date October 25, 2024 s Vikas Singh Vikas Singh Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321section906certificati.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-Q ), Theodore Wahl, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Andrew M. Brophy, the Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of their knowledge 
 
 (1) The Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) That information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Theodore Wahl s Andrew M. Brophy Theodore Wahl Andrew M. Brophy President & Chief Executive Officer Principal Accounting Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) October 25, 2024 October 25, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 hcsg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 hcsg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 hcsg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 hcsg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 hcsg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

