<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1692951_0001692951-24-000207.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10184508</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>147820</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3089460</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3010980</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2038577</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1749550</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001692951-24-000207.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114162408
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001692951-24-000207
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cottonwood Communities, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001692951
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56165
		FILM NUMBER:		241462868

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1245 BRICKYARD RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-278-0700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1245 BRICKYARD RD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001692951-24-000207.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 cci-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cci-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________ 
 
 (Mark one) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _________ TO _________ 
 Commission file number: 
 ________________________________ 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 ________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 ________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None N/A N/A 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 8, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s Class T common stock, shares of the registrant's Class D common stock, shares of the registrant's Class I common stock, and shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 Cottonwood Communities, Inc. Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 39 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 40 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 41 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 42 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 42 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 45 
 Signatures 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Cottonwood Communities, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets (Unaudited) Real estate assets, net Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities Investments in real estate-related loans, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Liabilities, Equity, and Noncontrolling Interests Liabilities Mortgage notes and revolving credit facility, net Construction loans, net Preferred stock, net Preferred interest liability Unsecured promissory notes, net Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) par value, shares authorized at per share; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Common stock, Class T shares, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Common stock, Class D shares, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Common stock, Class I shares, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Common stock, Class A shares, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated distributions - Series A Convertible Preferred ) ) Accumulated distributions - common stock ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Limited partners Partially owned entities Total noncontrolling interests Total equity and noncontrolling interests Total liabilities, equity and noncontrolling interests See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Cottonwood Communities, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) (in thousands, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Rental and other property revenues Property management revenues Other revenues Total revenues Operating expenses Property operations expense Property management expense Asset management fee Depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Gain on sale of real estate assets Gain on legal settlement Gain on consolidation of development Other expense ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Limited partners ) Partially owned entities ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interests ) ) ) Less preferred stock dividends Net earnings (losses) attributable to common stockholders Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Net earnings (losses) per common share - basic and diluted See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Cottonwood Communities, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) (in thousands) Cottonwood Communities, Inc. Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling interests Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Par Value - Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Distributions Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Limited Partners Partially Owned Entities Total Equity and Noncontrolling Interests Class T Class D Class I Class A Convertible Preferred Common Stock Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) ) Issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Offering Costs - Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs - common stock ) ) ) Distribution reinvestment Common stock/OP Units repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Exchanges and transfers ) OP Units issued for real estate interests Share-based compensation Distributions to investors ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Offering Costs - Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs - common stock ) ) ) Distribution reinvestment Common stock/OP Units repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Exchanges and transfers ) OP Units issued for real estate interests Share-based compensation Distributions to investors ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Offering Costs - Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs - common stock ) ) ) Distribution reinvestment Common stock/OP Units repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) Exchanges and transfers ) Share-based compensation Distributions to investors ) ) ) ) ) ) Net income Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Cottonwood Communities, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Unaudited) (in thousands) Cottonwood Communities, Inc. Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling interests Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Par Value - Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Distributions Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Limited Partners Partially Owned Entities Total Equity and Noncontrolling Interests Class T Class D Class I Class A Convertible Preferred Common Stock Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs - common stock ) ) ) Distribution reinvestment Common stock/OP Units repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) Exchanges and transfers ) OP Units issued for real estate interests Share-based compensation Distributions to investors ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs - common stock ) ) ) Distribution reinvestment Common stock/OP Units repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Exchanges and transfers ) Share-based compensation Distributions to investors ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock Offering costs - common stock Distribution reinvestment Common stock/OP Units repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Exchanges and transfers ) OP Units issued for real estate interests Share-based compensation Distributions to investors ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) Reallocation of stockholders' equity and noncontrolling interests ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Cottonwood Communities, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on sale of real estate assets ) ) Gain on legal settlement ) Gain on consolidation of development ) Share-based compensation Amortization of debt issuance costs, discounts and premiums Paid-in-kind interest on construction loans Derivative fair value adjustments ) Loss on debt extinguishment Other operating ) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated real estate entities - return on capital Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Other assets ) ) Performance participation allocation payment ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Cash acquired on consolidation of real estate Proceeds from sale of real estate assets, net Capital expenditures and development activities ) ) Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments in unconsolidated real estate entities Distributions from unconsolidated real estate entities - return of capital Contributions to investments in real estate-related loans ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Cottonwood Communities, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) (Unaudited) (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments on mortgage notes ) ) Borrowings from revolving credit facility Repayments on revolving credit facility ) ) Borrowings under mortgage notes Repayments of mortgage notes ) ) Deferred financing costs on mortgage notes ) ) Borrowings from construction loans Repayments of construction loans ) ) Payoff of preferred interest liability ) Repayments of related party notes assumed on acquisition ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock Redemption of preferred stock ) ) Offering costs paid on issuance of preferred stock ) ) Repurchase of unsecured promissory notes ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Offering costs paid on issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock/OP Units ) ) Offering costs paid on issuance of common stock ) ) Distributions to convertible preferred stockholders ) Distributions to common stockholders ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests - limited partners ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests - partially owned entities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash to the condensed consolidated balance sheets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Cottonwood Communities, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) (Unaudited) (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Decrease in accrued deferred offering costs ) ) Distributions reinvested in common stock Changes in accrued capital expenditures ) ) Paid-in-kind interest related to construction Changes in accrued redemptions ) Cottonwood Lighthouse Point Acquisition Real estate assets, net of cash acquired Mortgage note assumed ) Other assets and liabilities assumed, net ) Value of OP Units issued for interests acquired Alpha Mill acquisition of additional interests Real estate assets, net of cash acquired Mortgage note assumed ) Other assets and liabilities assumed, net Value of OP Units issued for interests acquired Melrose Phase II Acquisition Real estate assets, net of cash acquired Mortgage note assumed ) Other assets and liabilities assumed, net ) Value of OP Units issued for interests acquired 805 Riverfront Acquisition Real estate assets, net of cash acquired Mortgage note assumed ) Other assets and liabilities assumed, net Value of OP Units issued for interests acquired ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 7 

Cottonwood Communities, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 million. The Initial Offering ended in December 2020. In November 2021, we registered with the SEC an offering of up to billion of shares of common stock (the Follow-on Offering ), consisting of up to million in shares of common stock offered in a primary offering (the Primary Offering and million in shares under our distribution reinvestment plan (the DRP Offering ). As of September 30, 2024, we have raised gross proceeds of million from the Follow-on Offering, including million proceeds from the DRP Offering. We intend to conduct a continuous public offering of our common stock that will not have a predetermined duration, subject to continued compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and applicable state laws. 
 
 Since November 2019, we have periodically conducted private placement offerings exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to which we have offered for sale to accredited investors preferred stock at a purchase price of per share of preferred stock (the Private Offerings ). As of September 30, 2024, we have raised gross proceeds of million from the Private Offerings. Additional information about our preferred stock is included in Note 7 and Note 8 to these financial statements. 
 
 We own and operate a diverse portfolio of investments in multifamily apartment communities located in targeted markets throughout the United States. As of September 30, 2024, our portfolio consists of ownership interests or structured investment interests in multifamily apartment communities with a total of units, including units in multifamily apartment communities in which we have a structured investment interest and another units in multifamily apartment communities under construction or in lease-up. In addition, we have an ownership interest in land sites we plan to develop. We operate as reportable segment comprised of multifamily real estate. 

2. 

8 

Table of Contents 

Immaterial Correction to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Each period the ownership of CROP varies between us, as the general partner, and the limited partners of CROP. Transactions that change our ownership interest in CROP are accounted for as equity transactions if we retain our controlling financial interest in CROP. No gain or loss is recognized in net income. Accordingly, the net equity balance in CROP is adjusted to reflect the changes in ownership of CROP held by us and the limited partners. These adjustments are based on their respective ownership at the end of each period and reflected as a reallocation between additional paid-in capital and noncontrolling interests - limited partners within our equity section on our consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of stockholders equity. 
 
 Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023 and throughout 2024, we issued Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to investors and were issued corresponding convertible preferred units in CROP. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is perpetual in nature and classified as permanent equity on the consolidated balance sheets. The associated convertible preferred units in CROP were incorrectly included in reallocations between additional paid-in capital and noncontrolling interests - limited partners in the statements of stockholders equity for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 as they do not constitute residual interests. Accordingly, we have corrected the previously reported statements of stockholders equity as summarized in the following table. These immaterial adjustments have no impact on our net income, cash flows or the value of our OP Units. 
 
 Noncontrolling interests - limited partners ) As of June 30, 2024 Additional paid-in capital Noncontrolling interests - limited partners ) 

9 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Intangible assets Construction in progress (1) 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Real estate assets, net (1) Includes construction in progress for our development projects and capitalized costs for improvements not yet placed in service at our stabilized properties. 

Sale of Cottonwood West Palm 
 
 On February 29, 2024, we sold Cottonwood West Palm for net proceeds of million. We recorded a net gain on sale of million. 
 
 The Marq Highland Park Tenant in Common Sale 
 
 On July 23, 2024, we sold of tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park Apartments to unaffiliated third parties for net cash consideration of million. As a result of this transaction, The Marq Highland Park was deconsolidated with our remaining ownership interest of recorded at fair value as an investment in unconsolidated real estate. We engaged third-party specialists to assist in determining the fair value of the various components of this transaction, including the remaining ownership interest. Refer to Note 4 . 
 
 Fair value of remaining ownership interest Book value of remaining ownership interest ) Gain on sale 
 
 Asset Acquisitions 
 
 Alpha Mill Charlotte, NC 4/26/24 
 
 Cottonwood Lighthouse Point was consolidated in March 2024 when we issued operating partnership units in CROP OP Units and assumed million in related party notes and interest to acquire the remaining tenant in common interests in the property. The value of the OP Units was million. Cottonwood Lighthouse Point was previously accounted for as an equity method investment. 
 
 Alpha Mill was consolidated in April 2024 when we issued OP Units to acquire the remaining tenant in common interests in the property. The value of the OP Units was million. Alpha Mill was previously accounted for as an equity method investment. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 
 Toscana at Valley Ridge (1) 
 Lewisville, TX Fox Point (1) 
 Salt Lake City, UT The Marq Highland Park (1)(2) 
 Tampa, FL Alpha Mill (1)(3) 
 Charlotte, NC (3) 
 Cottonwood Lighthouse Point (1)(4) 
 Pompano Beach, FL (4) 
 Preferred Equity Investments Lector85 (5) 
 Ybor City, FL Astoria West (6) 
 Queens, NY 417 Callowhill (7) 
 Philadelphia, PA Infield (7) 
 Kissimmee, FL Other Total (1) We account for our tenant in common interests in these properties as equity method investments. 
 (2) On July 23, 2024, we sold tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park Apartments for total consideration of million, and we recorded a gain on sale of million related to the transaction, which reduced our remaining ownership in The Marq Highland Park to . See Note 3. 
 (3) On April 26, 2024, we issued OP Units to acquire the remaining tenant in common interests in Alpha Mill, bringing our ownership to and resulting in the consolidation of the property. The value of the OP Units was million. 
 (4) On March 28, 2024, we issued OP Units and assumed million in related party notes and interest to acquire the remaining tenant in common interests in Cottonwood Lighthouse Point, bringing our ownership to and resulting in the consolidation of the property. The value of the OP Units issued was million. 
 (5) On June 11, 2024, we received million from the payoff of our preferred equity investment in Lector85, consisting of million of principal and million of accrued interest. 
 (6) On July 29, 2024, we received million from the payoff in full of our preferred equity investment in Astoria West, consisting of million of principal and million of accrued interest and participation. 
 (7) As of September 30, 2024, we have fully funded our commitments on both 417 Callowhill and Infield. As disclosed in Note 13 , we committed and contributed additional funding to our Infield preferred equity investment subsequent to September 30, 2024. 

Equity in losses for our stabilized properties for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. Equity in losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Our preferred equity investments, which are in development projects, have liquidation rights and priorities that are different from ownership percentages. As such, equity in earnings is determined using the hypothetical liquidation book value method. Equity in earnings for our preferred equity investments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. Equity in earnings for our preferred equity investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Years 
 Total fixed rate loans Variable rate loans (2) 
 Floating rate mortgages (3) 
 Years 
 Variable rate revolving credit facility (4) 
 Years 
 Total variable rate loans Total secured loans Unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts ) ) Premium on assumed debt, net ) ) Mortgage notes and revolving credit facility, net (1) For loans where we have the ability to exercise extension options at our own discretion, the maximum maturity date has been assumed, subject to certain debt service coverage ratio, loan to cost or debt yield requirements. 
 (2) The interest rates of our variable rate loans are based on 30-Day Average SOFR or one-month SOFR (CME Term). 
 (3) Includes the impact of interest rate caps in effect on September 30, 2024. 
 (4) Our variable rate revolving credit facility is secured by Parc Westborough and Alpha Mill, which was refinanced and added to the facility on August 29, 2024. We may obtain advances on the facility up to million, as long as certain loan-to-value ratios and other requirements are maintained. At September 30, 2024, the amount on our variable rate revolving credit facility was capped at million primarily due to the interest rate environment and the applicable debt-service coverage ratio. 
 
 The fixed and variable rate mortgages as of September 30, 2024 no longer include the related debt for Cottonwood West Palm, which was sold in February 2024 and which previously included both a fixed and variable debt component. We incurred a loss on extinguishment of debt of million related to the payoff of the Cottonwood West Palm loan, which is included in interest expense in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Floating rate mortgages as of September 30, 2024 include the variable rate mortgage of Cottonwood Lighthouse Point, which was consolidated on March 28, 2024. See Note 3 and Note 4 above for additional discussion related to the Cottonwood West Palm and Cottonwood Lighthouse Point. 
 
 In May 2024, the Cottonwood Broadway and 805 Riverfront construction loans projects completed in 2023 were refinanced with variable rate bridge loans in the amount of million and million, respectively. Both bridge loans mature in 2025 and are included in floating rate mortgages as of September 30, 2024. In conjunction with the 805 Riverfront refinance, a preferred interest liability of million was extinguished and million of accrued preferred interest was paid. We intend to refinance these bridge loans or convert to permanent loans prior to or upon maturity. 
 
 In August 2024, we refinanced Alpha Mill and added it to our revolving credit facility. We incurred a loss on extinguishment of debt of million related to the payoff of the refinanced loan, which is included in interest expense in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 We are in compliance with all covenants associated with our mortgage notes and revolving credit facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

December 1, 2025 Cottonwood Highland 30-Day Average SOFR + 
 May 1, 2029 805 Riverfront (1) 
 One-Month SOFR + 
 December 1, 2025 The Westerly One-Month SOFR + 
 July 12, 2028 (1) The Cottonwood Broadway and 805 Riverfront construction loans were refinanced in May 2024 and are included in mortgage notes above. 

Unsecured Promissory Notes, Net 
 
 CROP issued notes to foreign investors outside of the United States. These notes are unsecured and subordinate to all of CROP's debt. Each note had or has extension options, at our discretion, during which the interest rate increases each year. 
 Notes (1) 
 December 31, 2024 (1) 
 December 31, 2024 2019 Notes (2) 
 December 31, 2024 (2) 
 December 31, 2025 (1) We exercised our final option to extend the maturity date on our 2017 Notes for one additional year to December 31, 2024, which increased the interest rate to for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024. 
 (2) We exercised the option to extend the maturity date on our 2019 Notes for one additional year to December 31, 2024, which increased the interest rate to for the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024. We intend to exercise our final extension option through 2025. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter (1) Of the amounts maturing in 2024, million relates to our 2019 Unsecured Promissory Notes, which can be extended to December 31, 2025. 

6. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Total Financial Liability: Fixed rate mortgages Floating rate mortgages Variable rate revolving credit facility Construction loans Series 2019 Preferred Stock Series 2023 Preferred Stock Series 2023-A Preferred Stock Preferred interest liability Unsecured promissory notes Total 
 
 All financial instruments in the table above are categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 
 classes of preferred stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024: Series 2019, Series 2023, and Series 2023-A that are accounted for as liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as they are mandatorily redeemable. 
 
 December 31, 2024 (1) 
 December 31, 2025 Series 2023 Preferred Stock (2) 
 June 30, 2027 June 30, 2029 Series 2023-A Preferred Stock December 31, 2027 N/A Total 
 \ 
 (1) Prior to the original December 31, 2023 redemption date, we exercised our first extension option for the Series 2019 Preferred Stock, which increased the dividend rate to and extended the redemption date to December 31, 2024. 
 (2) The first-year extension dividend rate, applicable from July 1, 2027 to June 30, 2028, is . The fully extended divided rate, applicable from July 1, 2028 to June 30, 2028, is . 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Preferred stock outstanding 
 Unamortized offering costs and discounts ) ) Preferred stock, net 
 Our Series 2019 Preferred Stock was fully subscribed and terminated in March 2022. The offering of Series 2023 Preferred Stock commenced in December 2022 and is ongoing, with our first shares issued in early 2023. The offering of Series 2023-A Preferred Stock commenced in July 2023, and is ongoing, with our first shares issued in August 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued million of Series 2023 Preferred Stock and million of Series 2023-A Preferred Stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred million and million in dividends on our Series 2019 Preferred Stock, respectively, and million and million in dividends on our Series 2023 Preferred Stock, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred million in dividends on our Series 2023-A Preferred Stock. Dividends on preferred stock accounted for as liabilities are recorded through interest expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we repurchased shares for million and shares for million, respectively, of Series 2019 Preferred Stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares of Series 2023 Preferred Stock for million. shares of our Series 2023 Preferred Stock were repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. shares of our Series 2023-A Preferred Stock were repurchased during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 

8. 
 shares of Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid aggregate dividends on our Convertible Preferred Stock of million. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Issuance of common stock Distribution reinvestment Exchanges and transfers (1) 
 ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) September 30, 2024 (1) Exchanges represent the number of shares OP Unit holders have exchanged for Class I shares during the period. Transfers represent Class T shares that were converted to Class I shares during the period, of which there were during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Common Stock Distributions 
 
 Distributions on our common stock are determined by the board of directors based on our financial condition and other relevant factors. Common stockholders may choose to receive cash distributions or purchase additional shares through our distribution reinvestment plan. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid aggregate distributions of million, including million of distributions reinvested through our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 
 February 29, 2024 March 31, 2024 April 30, 2024 May 31, 2024 June 30, 2024 July 31, 2024 August 31, 2024 September 30, 2024 
 
 Repurchases 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares of common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program for million, at an average repurchase price of . We had no unfulfilled repurchase requests during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 of GAV (gross asset value of CROP, calculated pursuant to our valuation guidelines and reflective of the ownership interest held by CROP in such gross assets), subject to a cap. Through September 19, 2023, the cap was equal to of net asset value of CROP. Effective September 19, 2023, the cap was amended to be based on adjusted net asset value , which is defined to include the value attributable to preferred stock that is convertible into common equity in the calculation of net asset value of CROP. 
 
 Management fees to our advisor for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. Management fees to our advisor for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Acquisition Expense Reimbursement. We will reimburse our advisor for out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the selection, evaluation, structuring, acquisition, financing and development of investments, whether or not such investments are acquired, and make payments to third parties or possibly certain of our advisor s affiliates in connection with providing services to us. There were acquisition expense reimbursements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Performance Participation Allocation. In addition to the fees paid to our advisor for services provided pursuant to our advisory agreement, CC Advisors - SLP, LLC, an affiliate of our advisor and the Special Limited Partner at CROP, holds a performance participation interest in CROP that entitles it to receive an allocation of CROP's total return to its capital account. The performance participation allocation is an incentive fee indirectly paid to our advisor and receipt of the allocation is subject to the ongoing effectiveness of the advisory agreement. As the performance participation allocation is associated with the performance of a service by the advisor, it is expensed in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Total return is defined as all distributions accrued or paid (without duplication) on Participating Partnership units (all units in CROP with the exception of preferred units and the Special Limited Partner Interest) plus the change in the aggregate net asset value of such Participating Partnership units. The annual total return will be allocated solely to the Special Limited Partner only after the other unit holders have received a total return of (after recouping any loss carryforward amount) and such allocation will continue until the allocation between the Special Limited Partner and all other unit holders is equal to and , respectively. Thereafter, the Special Limited Partner will receive an allocation of of the annual total return. The performance participation allocation is ultimately determined at the end of each calendar year, accrues monthly and will be paid in cash or Class I units at the election of the Special Limited Partner after the completion of each calendar year. 
 
 Due to the decrease in the value of our net assets, performance participation allocation was incurred during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2024 or during 2023. In March 2023, we paid million in cash for the performance participation allocation incurred as a result of the increase in the value of our net assets and dividends paid to stockholders during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Block C 
 
 We, through our indirect subsidiaries, have a joint venture investment in Block C for the purpose of developing three multifamily development projects near Salt Lake City, Utah: The Westerly, Millcreek North and The Archer. As of September 30, 2024, entities affiliated with us and our advisor (the Affiliated Members have made aggregate capital contributions of million towards the joint venture. The Affiliated Members are owned directly or indirectly by our officers or directors, as well as certain employees of CROP and our advisor or its affiliates. The Affiliated Members participate in the economics of Block C on the same terms and conditions as us. The development projects are located in an Opportunity Zone, which provides tax benefits for development programs located in designated areas as established by Congress in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. As of September 30, 2024, our ownership in the Block C joint venture was . 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million of notes and accrued interest held by an affiliate of the seller of the tenant in common interests in favor, directly and indirectly, of nine of our executive officers. Subsequent to the transaction, we paid the amount outstanding under the notes to the executive officers. 
 
 APT Cowork, LLC 
 
 APT Cowork, LLC APT engages in the business of converting underutilized and unused common space in multifamily apartment communities or retail space to revenue producing co-working space. Our officers and directors own of APT through direct or indirect ownership interests. We and several of our properties have entered into agreements with APT as described below. 
 
 Reimbursement and Cost Sharing Agreement . Under the Reimbursement and Cost Sharing Agreement, we make certain employees available to APT. In exchange APT reimburses us its allocable share of all direct and indirect costs related to the employees utilized by APT, subject to an annual limit of . 
 
 Coworking Space Design Agreement . Under the Coworking Space Design Agreement, APT may advise, design and upgrade common areas at our multifamily properties. In exchange, our properties pay APT a one-time fee of , which may increase to . 
 
 Services Agreement . Under the Services Agreement, APT provides ongoing administration services in exchange for per apartment unit per month (the "Service Fee") paid by the property. Under the agreement, APT will pay us of coworking revenue it receives at the properties from non-residents. Each of our properties with Services Agreements must also have a Coworking Space Design Agreement with APT. 
 
 Coworking Space Design Agreement Services Agreement, net revenue share 
 
 APT is transitioning its services from a coworking agreement to a license agreement based on occupied units instead of total units. We amended the Services Agreement effective September 1, 2024 which reduced the Service Fee from per apartment unit per month to per occupied apartment unit per month for any unit not covered under the license agreement. In addition, the amendment provides that the services agreement will terminate upon the earlier of i) the unit-by-unit transition resulting in no additional units receiving payment under the coworking agreement; and (ii) September 30, 2025. Under the license agreement, new leases and renewal of existing leases with our residents will have the Service Fee charged directly to them and remitted to APT. 

10. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 LTIP Units - As of September 30, 2024, there were unvested time-based LTIP awards and unvested performance-based LTIP awards outstanding. LTIP Unit award share-based compensation, included within share-based compensation in the condensed consolidated statements of stockholders equity, was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total unrecognized compensation expense for LTIP Units at September 30, 2024 is million and is expected to be recognized on a straight-line basis through December 2027. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 to , with the average being . 

11. 
 
 million and had remaining commitment on the 2215 Hollywood Mezzanine Loan. 
 
 Monrovia Station 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had funded million and had a remaining commitment of million on the Monrovia Station Junior Mezzanine Loan. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 We are subject to a variety of legal actions in the ordinary course of our business, most of which are covered by liability insurance. While the resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, as of September 30, 2024, we believe the final outcome of such legal proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position or results of operations. 
 
 million as a result of claims made against Sugarmont. In September 2024, Sugarmont entered into an agreement to settle all matters in dispute through a payment of million to Sugarmont and the previously accrued contingent losses were reversed. The aggregate impact of the million settlement and contingent loss reversal resulted in a gain on settlement of million recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The percent interest in Sugarmont not owned by us had limited rights which included the right to control the prosecution and resolution of all litigation on behalf of Sugarmont and to receive of favorable settlements. Accordingly, a distribution payable of million was recorded in noncontrolling interests - partially owned entities. 

12. 
 ) ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests - limited partners ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests - partially owned entities ) ) ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) Numerator for net earnings (losses) per common share - basic and diluted Denominator for net earnings (losses) per share - basic and diluted Net earnings (losses) per common share - basic and diluted 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

13. 
 
 million commitment on the Monrovia Station Junior Mezzanine Loan. 
 
 Infield Funding 
 
 On October 17, 2024, we increased our commitment by an additional million on the Infield preferred equity investment, and funded the additional amount at the same time, bringing our total funding to million. 
 
 Block C Note 
 
 On November 12, 2024, the board approved a promissory note in favor of Block C. Pursuant to the terms of the promissory note, effective January 1, 2025, CROP may borrow, on a revolving basis, up to million. Amounts advanced under the note, plus any interest on the unpaid principal advanced is due and payable by January 31, 2025, subject to extension. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 References herein to Company, we, us, and our refer to Cottonwood Communities, Inc. together with its subsidiaries. The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include statements about our business, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and objectives. You can generally identify forward-looking statements by our use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, or other similar words. You should not rely on these forward-looking statements because the matters they describe are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our actual results, performance and achievements may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and an investment in our common stock. 
 
 We depend on our advisor to identify suitable investments and to manage our investments. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully achieve our investment objectives. 
 
 There is no public trading market for shares of our common stock and the repurchase of shares by us will likely be the only way to dispose of your shares. Our share repurchase program provides stockholders with the opportunity to request that we repurchase their shares on a monthly basis, but we are not obligated to repurchase any shares and may choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased in any particular month in our discretion. In addition, repurchases are subject to available liquidity and other significant restrictions. Further, our board of directors may modify or suspend our share repurchase program if in its reasonable judgment it deems a suspension to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders, such as when a repurchase request would place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the company that would outweigh the benefit of the repurchase offer. 
 
 The offering price and repurchase price for shares of our common stock are generally based on our prior month s NAV plus, in the case of our offering price, applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees, and are not based on any public trading market. In addition to being up to a month old when share purchases and repurchases take place, our NAV does not currently represent our enterprise value and may not accurately reflect the actual prices at which our assets could be liquidated on any given day, the value a third party would pay for all or substantially all of our shares, or the price that our shares would trade at on a national stock exchange. Furthermore, our board of directors may amend our NAV procedures from time to time. Although there will be independent appraisals of our properties, the appraisal of properties is inherently subjective and our NAV may not accurately reflect the actual price at which our properties could be liquidated on any given day. 
 
 Investing in commercial real estate assets involves certain risks, including, but not limited to: changes in values caused by global, national, regional or local economic performance, the performance of the real estate sector, unemployment and stock market volatility, demographic or capital market conditions; increases in interest rates and lack of availability of financing; vacancies, fluctuations in the average occupancy and rental rates for our residential properties; and residents experiencing financial hardships (resulting in an inability to pay rent). 
 
 In particular, the combination of the economic slowdown, elevated interest rates and inflation as well as a lack of lending activity in the debt markets have contributed to weakness in the commercial real estate markets. Continued disruptions in the financial markets and economic uncertainty could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 We have paid distributions from offering proceeds and may continue to fund distributions with offering proceeds. We have not established a limit on the amount of proceeds from our offering that we may use to fund distributions. To the extent we fund distributions from sources other than our cash flow from operations, we will have less funds available for investment in multifamily apartment communities and multifamily real estate-related assets and the overall return 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 to our stockholders may be reduced. Distributions may also be paid from other sources such as borrowings, advances or the deferral of fees and expense reimbursements. These distributions may constitute a return of capital. 
 
 All of our officers and our affiliated directors are also officers and stakeholders of our sponsor, advisor and their affiliates and, as a result, are subject to conflicts of interest, including conflicts arising from time constraints and the fact that the fees our advisor receives for services rendered to us are based on our NAV, which our advisor is responsible for determining. 
 
 We pay certain fees and expenses to our advisor and its affiliates. These fees were not negotiated at arm s length and therefore may be higher than fees payable to unaffiliated third parties. 
 
 Development projects in which we invest will be subject to potential development and construction delays as well as the impact of rising costs associated with increased inflation, all of which could result in unanticipated increased costs and risks and may hinder our operating results and ability to make distributions. 
 
 We may incur significant debt in certain circumstances, including through the issuance of preferred equity that is accounted for as debt. Our use of leverage increases the risk of an investment in us. Loans we obtain may be collateralized by some or all of our investments, which will put those investments at risk of forfeiture if we are unable to pay our debts. Principal and interest payments on these loans and dividend payments on our preferred shares reduce the amount of money that would otherwise be available for other purposes. 
 
 Volatility in the debt markets could affect our ability to obtain financing for investments or other activities related to real estate assets and the diversification or value of our portfolio, potentially reducing cash available for distribution to our stockholders or our ability to make investments. In addition, volatility in the debt markets could negatively impact our loans with variable interest rates. 
 
 There are limits on the ownership and transferability of our shares. 
 
 If we fail to continue to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT ), it would adversely affect our operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders because we will be subject to United States federal income tax at regular corporate rates with no ability to deduct distributions made to our stockholders. 
 
 We restated our previously issued financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for each of the quarterly periods therein (the Restatement ). As a result of the Restatement, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, and as a result of the material weakness, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022, which conclusion could harm our business. The Restatement and related identification of a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting could subject us to increased risk of litigation. 
 
 Additional risks related to our business are discussed herein under Part II - Item 1A. Risk Factors and under the heading Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in these forward-looking statements, the inclusion of this information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans, which we consider to be reasonable, will be achieved. Except as otherwise required by federal securities laws, we do not undertake to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 
 
 Cottonwood Communities, Inc. invests in a diverse portfolio of multifamily apartment communities and multifamily real estate-related assets throughout the United States. We are externally managed by our advisor, CC Advisors III, LLC CC Advisors III ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of our sponsor, Cottonwood Communities Advisors, LLC CCA ). We were incorporated in Maryland in 2016. We hold all of our assets through Cottonwood Residential O.P., LP CROP ), our operating partnership. We are the sole member of the sole general partner of CROP and own general partner interests in CROP alongside third party limited partners. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 We are a non-listed perpetual-life, net asset value NAV ), REIT. We qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2019. We generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we raised 352.0 million from the sale of common stock in our public offerings and 267.9 million from the sale of our preferred stock in periodic private offerings to accredited investors (the Private Offerings ). We have contributed our net proceeds to CROP in exchange for a corresponding number of mirrored OP Units in CROP. 
 
 As of our September 30, 2024 NAV, we had a portfolio of 2.3 billion in total assets, with 73.8 of our equity value in operating properties, 13.5 in development and 12.7 in real estate-related structured investments. Refer to the sections entitled Our Investments and Net Asset Value below for further description of our portfolio and NAV. 

Highlights for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 The following highlights activities that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Net earnings attributable to common stockholders was 0.11 per diluted share compared to net loss attributable to common stockholders of (0.20) per diluted share for the same period in the prior year. The improvement was primarily due to the gain on sale of The Marq Highland Park tenant in common interests and the gain from a legal settlement. 
 Same store net operating income Same Store NOI was 22.7 million compared to 23.1 million for the same period in the prior year. 
 Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unit holders FFO was 0.08 per diluted share/unit compared to (0.05) for the same period in the prior year. Core FFO was 0.00 per diluted share/unit, compared to 0.04 for the same period in the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to higher cost of capital, including interest on our preferred stock. 
 Net asset value was 12.2714 per share/unit at September 30, 2024, compared to 12.6636 per share/unit at June 30, 2024. 
 Sold tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park for net cash consideration of 7.2 million, resulting in a gain on sale of 20.7 million. 
 Received 25.5 million for repayment in full of our Astoria West preferred equity investment, accrued interest and participation. 
 Refinanced the loan on Alpha Mill and added it to our revolving credit facility. 
 Raised 4.0 million of net proceeds from the sale of Series 2023 and Series 2023-A Preferred Stock. 
 Raised 9.1 million of net proceeds from the sale of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Raised 6.3 million of net proceeds from the sale of our common stock issued under our registered public offering. 
 Repurchased 10.3 million of common stock and OP Units at an average discount of 3 to NAV. 
 
 Highlights for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 The following highlights activities that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders was (0.08) per diluted share compared to net loss attributable to common stockholders of (0.67) per diluted share for the same period in the prior year. The improvement was primarily due to the gain the on sale of Cottonwood West Palm, the gain on the sale of tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park, and the gain on a legal settlement. 
 Same Store NOI was 69.8 million compared to 69.9 million for the same period in the prior year. 
 FFO was 0.03 per diluted share/unit compared to (0.06) for the same period in the prior year. Core FFO was 0.04 per diluted share/unit, compared to 0.18 for the same period in the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to higher costs of capital, including interest on our preferred stock. 
 Net asset value was 12.2714 per share/unit at September 30, 2024, compared to 13.4538 per share/unit at December 31, 2023. 
 Funded the final 1.3 million of our 33.4 million preferred equity investment in the 417 Callowhill development. 
 Sold Cottonwood West Palm for net proceeds of 34.0 million, recording a net gain on sale of 26.6 million. 
 Sold tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park for net cash consideration of 7.2 million, resulting in the deconsolidation of the investment and recognition of a 20.7 million gain on sale with recording the remaining equity method investment at fair value. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Received 12.1 million for repayment in full of our Lector85 preferred equity investment and accrued interest. 
 Received 25.5 million for repayment in full of our Astoria West preferred equity investment, accrued interest and participation. 
 Acquired the remaining tenant in common interests of Cottonwood Lighthouse Point and Alpha Mill through the issuance of OP Units. 
 Refinanced the construction loans for Cottonwood Broadway and 805 Riverfront with variable rate bridge loans in the amount of 43.4 million and 60.2 million, respectively. 
 Refinanced the loan on Alpha Mill and added it to the revolving credit facility. 
 Raised 13.7 million of net proceeds from the sale of Series 2023 and Series 2023-A Preferred Stock. 
 Raised 32.4 million of net proceeds from the sale of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Raised 22.5 million of net proceeds from the sale of our common stock issued under our registered public offering. 
 Repurchased 40.1 million of common stock and OP Units at an average discount of 3 to NAV. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Our Investments 
 
 Information regarding our investments as of September 30, 2024 is as follows: 
 
 Stabilized Properties in thousands, except net effective rent) 
 
 Property Name Market Number of Units Average Unit Size (Sq Ft) Purchase Date Purchase Price Mortgage Debt Outstanding (1) 
 Net Effective Rent Physical Occupancy Rate Percentage Owned by CROP Alpha Mill Charlotte, NC 267 830 May 2021 69,500 21,219 1,673 91.76 100.00 Cason Estates Murfreesboro, TN 262 1,078 May 2021 51,400 37,462 1,542 90.46 100.00 Cottonwood Apartments Salt Lake City, UT 264 834 May 2021 47,300 35,430 1,412 87.88 100.00 Cottonwood Bayview St. Petersburg, FL 309 805 May 2021 95,900 71,417 2,496 92.56 71.00 Cottonwood Clermont Clermont, FL 230 1,111 Sept 2022 85,000 34,613 2,053 93.48 100.00 Cottonwood Highland (2)(3) 
 Salt Lake City, UT 250 745 May 2021 65,210 43,933 1,793 93.20 36.93 Cottonwood Lighthouse Point Pompano Beach, FL 243 996 June 2022 95,500 47,964 2,239 83.13 100.00 Cottonwood Reserve Charlotte, NC 352 1,021 May 2021 77,500 48,049 1,465 91.48 91.14 Cottonwood Ridgeview Plano, TX 322 1,156 May 2021 72,930 65,300 1,819 92.86 100.00 Cottonwood Westside Atlanta, GA 197 860 May 2021 47,900 26,986 1,632 91.37 100.00 Enclave on Golden Triangle Keller, TX 273 1,048 May 2021 51,600 48,400 1,694 93.04 98.93 Fox Point Salt Lake City, UT 398 841 May 2021 79,400 45,633 1,460 92.46 52.75 Heights at Meridian Durham, NC 339 997 May 2021 79,900 53,401 1,591 92.33 100.00 Melrose Nashville, TN 220 951 May 2021 67,400 56,600 1,773 87.73 100.00 Melrose Phase II Nashville, TN 139 675 May 2021 40,350 32,400 1,587 87.05 100.00 Parc Westborough Boston, MA 249 1,008 May 2021 74,000 27,917 2,473 93.98 100.00 Park Avenue Salt Lake City, UT 234 714 May 2021 67,525 (3) 
 43,453 1,875 94.02 100.00 Pavilions Albuquerque, NM 240 1,162 May 2021 61,100 58,500 1,872 93.75 96.35 Raveneaux Houston, TX 382 1,065 May 2021 57,500 47,400 1,427 94.76 96.97 Regatta Houston, TX 490 862 May 2021 48,100 35,367 1,081 92.02 100.00 Retreat at Peachtree City Peachtree City, GA 312 980 May 2021 72,500 58,412 1,732 93.27 100.00 Scott Mountain Portland, OR 262 927 May 2021 70,700 48,373 1,757 87.02 95.80 Stonebriar of Frisco Frisco, TX 306 963 May 2021 59,200 53,600 1,577 91.50 84.19 Sugarmont Salt Lake City, UT 341 904 May 2021 139,792 (3) 
 91,200 2,241 88.82 99.00 (4) 
 Summer Park Buford, GA 358 1,064 May 2021 75,500 52,398 1,577 92.18 98.68 The Marq Highland Park (5) 
 Tampa, FL 239 999 May 2021 65,700 46,802 2,122 94.98 74.10 Toscana at Valley Ridge Lewisville, TX 288 738 May 2021 47,700 32,571 1,284 96.18 58.60 Total / Weighted-Average 7,766 944 1,866,107 1,264,800 1,718 91.78 90.49 (1) Mortgage debt outstanding is shown as if CROP owned 100 of the property. 
 (2) Excludes the commercial data in unit count. CROP s percentage ownership is not proportionate to the total amount CROP invested in the project due to a disproportionate ownership percentage assigned to CROP and related parties as fees and commissions were waived for the sponsor and its affiliates. 
 (3) These purchase price amounts represent the acquisition date fair value plus subsequent capitalized costs on the projects placed in service. 
 (4) The one percent interest not owned by us has limited rights, including the right to control on behalf of the joint venture the prosecution and resolution of all litigation, claims, or causes of action that the joint venture has or may have against certain third parties associated with the design and construction of Sugarmont, as well as the obligation to defend any cross claims resulting from these actions. 
 (5) Data from commercial retail units are excluded from number of units and physical occupancy. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Development/Lease Up Properties in thousands) 
 
 Property Name Market Units to be Built Average Unit Size (Sq Ft) Purchase Date Total Project Investment Debt Outstanding (1) 
 Physical Occupancy Rate (2) 
 Percentage Owned by CROP Cottonwood Broadway Salt Lake City, UT 254 817 May 2021 79,513 46,072 86.22 100.00 805 Riverfront West Sacramento, CA 285 746 September 2023 104,635 60,210 85.71 100.00 The Westerly (3) 
 Salt Lake City, UT 198 808 May 2021 (3) 
 28,432 82.45 Total 737 212,580 106,282 (1) Debt outstanding is shown as if CROP owned 100 of the development property. 
 (2) Cottonwood Broadway and 805 Riverfront were completed in the fourth quarter of 2023. The Westerly is estimated to be completed in the second quarter of 2026. 
 (3) Construction on The Westerly began in July 2023. The amount above includes contributions from the Block C Joint Venture to The Westerly as of September 30, 2024 including the related land cost and capital expenditures. Refer to the land held for development table below for additional information on the Block C Joint Venture. 

Structured Investments in thousands) 
 
 Property Name Market Investment Type Date of Initial Investment Number of Units Funding Commitment Amount Funded to Date 417 Callowhill Philadelphia, PA Preferred Equity November 2022 220 33,413 33,413 2215 Hollywood Hollywood, FL Mezzanine Loan April 2023 180 10,045 10,045 Monrovia Station (1) 
 Monrovia, CA Mezzanine Loan July 2023 296 20,150 18,623 Infield (2) 
 Kissimmee, FL Preferred Equity November 2023 384 11,400 11,400 Total 1,080 75,008 73,481 (1) We funded the remaining 1.5 million commitment on Monrovia Station in October 2024. 
 (2) An additional 1.3 million of preferred equity was committed and funded to the Infield project in October 2024. 

Land Held for Development in thousands) 
 
 Property Name Market Acreage Purchase Date Total Investment Amount Percentage Owned by CROP Block C Joint Venture (1) 
 Salt Lake City, UT 1.69 acres May 2021 30,995 82.45 3300 Cottonwood Salt Lake City, UT 1.76 acres October 2021 7,521 100.00 Galleria Salt Lake City, UT 26.07 acres September 2022 29,661 100.00 Total 68,177 (1) The Block C Joint Venture includes land held for development for Millcreek North and The Archer multifamily development projects as well as cash held at the joint venture for future investment. The Block C joint venture also includes The Westerly, which is reflected in the separate development property table above. 

26 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are as follows in thousands, except share and per share data): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenues Rental and other property revenues 37,335 35,977 1,358 108,756 106,446 2,310 Property management revenues 2,025 2,133 (108) 6,407 7,744 (1,337) Other revenues 1,206 768 438 2,980 1,190 1,790 Total revenues 40,566 38,878 1,688 118,143 115,380 2,763 Operating expenses Property operations expense 15,247 13,579 1,668 42,564 39,572 2,992 Property management expense 4,336 4,441 (105) 13,621 12,963 658 Asset management fee 3,125 4,243 (1,118) 9,398 13,609 (4,211) Depreciation and amortization 17,596 14,646 2,950 49,749 43,635 6,114 General and administrative expenses 3,001 2,288 713 5,946 7,935 (1,989) Total operating expenses 43,305 39,197 4,108 121,278 117,714 3,564 Loss from operations (2,739) (319) (2,420) (3,135) (2,334) (801) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 1,361 1,438 (77) 4,979 5,067 (88) Interest income 435 517 (82) 1,403 1,412 (9) Interest expense (22,291) (19,464) (2,827) (65,406) (54,171) (11,235) Gain on sale of real estate assets 20,668 20,668 47,311 1,031 46,280 Gain on legal settlement 16,020 16,020 16,020 16,020 Gain on consolidation of development 4,452 (4,452) 4,452 (4,452) Other expense (2,670) (218) (2,452) (2,553) (223) (2,330) Income (loss) before income taxes 10,784 (13,594) 24,378 (1,381) (44,766) 43,385 Income tax (expense) benefit (159) 31 (190) (191) 338 (529) Net income (loss) 10,625 (13,563) 24,188 (1,572) (44,428) 42,856 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests: Limited partners (4,168) 6,593 (10,761) 1,027 21,304 (20,277) Partially owned entities (2,381) 12 (2,393) (808) (71) (737) Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interests 4,076 (6,958) 11,034 (1,353) (23,195) 21,842 Less preferred stock dividends 672 672 1,286 1,286 Net earnings (losses) attributable to common stockholders 3,404 (6,958) 10,362 (2,639) (23,195) 20,556 Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 31,732,893 34,037,337 (2,304,444) 31,654,014 34,874,921 (3,220,907) Net earnings (losses) per common share - basic and diluted 0.11 (0.20) 0.31 (0.08) (0.67) 0.59 
 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Rental and Other Property Revenues 
 
 Rental and other property revenues increased 1.4 million primarily due to an increase of 3.3 million as a result of the consolidation of several properties (Melrose Phase II, Cottonwood Lighthouse Point and Alpha Mill) after July 2023, and an increase of 2.9 million from lease up of several development properties (805 Riverfront, Cottonwood Broadway, and Cottonwood Highland) completed in late 2023. This was offset by a decrease of 5.2 million from the sale of Cottonwood One Upland in December 2023, the sale of Cottonwood West Palm in February 2024, and the sale of tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park in July 2024, which caused the property to be deconsolidated. The remaining increase is due to additional revenue from stabilized properties. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Property Operations Expense 
 
 Property operations expense increased 1.7 million primarily due to an increase of 1.4 million from the consolidation of Melrose Phase II, Cottonwood Lighthouse Point and Alpha Mill, and an increase of 1.4 million from the completion of 805 Riverfront, Cottonwood Broadway, and Cottonwood Highland. Insurance claims also increased. This was offset by a decrease of 1.9 million from the sale of Cottonwood One Upland, the sale of Cottonwood West Palm, and the sale of tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park. 
 
 Management Fees 
 
 Management fees to our advisor decreased 1.1 million due to the decrease in net asset values under management for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense increased 2.8 million primarily due to an increase of 1.4 million from the consolidation of Melrose Phase II, Cottonwood Lighthouse Point and Alpha Mill, an increase of 3.0 million due to interest no longer being capitalized on our development projects, 805 Riverfront, Cottonwood Broadway, and Cottonwood Highland, as a result of their completion, 1.1 million from the refinance of Alpha Mill, and 0.6 million from the issuance of 2023 Preferred Stock. This was offset by a 1.3 million reduction in interest expense from discounts on Series 2019 Preferred being fully accreted, a 1.6 million reduction in interest expense from the sales of Cottonwood One Upland, Cottonwood West Palm, and tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park, and a reduction in mortgage interest of 0.4 million. 
 
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate Assets 
 
 The 20.7 million gain on sale of real estate was from the sale of tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park in July 2024. 
 
 Gain on Legal Settlement 
 
 The gain on legal settlement was due to an agreement to settle all matters in dispute with certain contractors that arose from the development of Sugarmont through a payment of 4.3 million. As a result of the settlement agreement, contingent liabilities of 11.7 million were removed and a gain of 16.0 million was recognized. 
 
 Gain on Consolidation of Development 
 
 The 4.5 million gain on consolidation of development was from the consolidation of the 805 Riverfront development project in September 2023. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Rental and Other Property Revenues 
 
 Rental and other property revenues increased 2.3 million primarily due to an increase of 6.7 million as a result of the consolidation of several properties (Melrose Phase II, Cottonwood Lighthouse Point and Alpha Mill) after June 2023, and an increase of 4.6 million from the lease up of several development properties (805 Riverfront, Cottonwood Broadway, and Cottonwood Highland) completed in late 2023. This was offset by a decrease of 12.1 million from the sale of Cottonwood One Upland in December 2023, the sale of Cottonwood West Palm in February 2024, and the sale of a tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park in July 2024, which caused the property to be deconsolidated. The remaining 3.1 million increase is due to higher rents at stabilized properties. 
 
 Other Revenues 
 
 Other revenues increased 1.8 million from interest on our 2215 Hollywood and Monrovia Station loan investments. 
 
 Property Operations Expense 
 
 Property operations expense increased 3.0 million due to an increase of 2.7 million from the consolidation of Melrose Phase II, Cottonwood Lighthouse Point and Alpha Mill, and an increase of 3.4 million from the completion of the 805 Riverfront, Cottonwood Broadway, and Cottonwood Highland developments. Insurance costs also increased by 1.0 million. This was offset by a decrease of 3.7 million from the sale of Cottonwood One Upland, the sale of Cottonwood West Palm, and the sale of tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park. Tax expenses also decreased by 1.6 million. 
 
 Management Fees 
 
 Management fees to our advisor decreased 4.2 million due to the decrease in net asset values under management for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense increased 11.2 million primarily due to an increase of 2.7 million from the consolidation of Melrose Phase II, Cottonwood Lighthouse Point and Alpha Mill, an increase of 7.8 million due to interest no longer being capitalized on our development projects, 805 Riverfront, Cottonwood Broadway, and Cottonwood Highland, as a result of their completion, 3.5 million from the issuance of 2023 Preferred Stock, 2.8 million from mortgage interest, and 1.5 million from losses on debt extinguishments. This was offset by a 3.8 million reduction in interest expense from discounts on Series 2019 Preferred being fully accreted, a 3.2 million reduction in interest expense from the sales of Cottonwood One Upland, Cottonwood West Palm, and tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park. 
 
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate Assets 
 
 The 47.3 million gain on sale of real estate in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was from the 26.6 million gain on the sale of Cottonwood West Palm in February 2024 and the 20.7 million gain on the sale of tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park in July 2024. The 1.0 million gain on sale of real estate in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was from the sale of tenant in common interests in Cottonwood Lighthouse Point in February 2023. 
 
 Gain on Legal Settlement 
 
 The gain on legal settlement was due to an agreement to settle all matters in dispute with certain contractors that arose from the development of Sugarmont through a payment of 4.3 million. As a result of the settlement agreement, contingent liabilities of 11.7 million were removed and a gain of 16.0 million was recognized. 
 
 Gain on Consolidation of Development 
 
 The 4.5 million gain on consolidation of development was from the consolidation of the 805 Riverfront development project in September 2023. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Same Store Results of Operations 
 
 Net operating income NOI is a supplemental non-GAAP measure of our property operating results. We define NOI as operating revenues less operating expenses for stabilized properties, both consolidated and unconsolidated. While we believe our net income (loss), as defined by GAAP, to be the most appropriate measure to evaluate our overall performance, we consider NOI to be an appropriate supplemental performance measure. We believe NOI provides useful information to our investors regarding our results of operations because NOI reflects the operating performance of our properties and excludes certain items that are not considered to be controllable in connection with the management of properties, such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, advisory fees, interest expense, gains on sale of real estate, other income and expense, and noncontrolling interests. However, NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it excludes such items which could materially impact our results of operations. Further, our NOI may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies, as they may use different methodologies for calculating NOI, therefore, our investors should consider net income (loss) as the primary indicator our overall financial performance. 
 
 We evaluate the performance of our operating properties using a same store analysis because the population of properties is consistent from period to period, thereby eliminating the effects of any material changes in the composition of the aggregate portfolio on performance measures. Our same store portfolio includes consolidated and unconsolidated stabilized properties which we manage and have ownership interests in for the entirety of both current and prior years. Operating properties excluded from same store include development properties that have undergone lease up, properties that have been acquired and/or consolidated during the same store reporting period, and properties that have been sold during the same store reporting period. We believe the drivers of NOI for our consolidated stabilized properties listed above are generally the same for our unconsolidated properties, of which we own on average 64.1 . Therefore we evaluate same store NOI based on our ownership in the properties within the same store portfolio. Our same store analysis may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies and should not be considered to be more relevant or accurate in evaluating our operating performance than current GAAP methodology. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our same store portfolio consisted of 22 consolidated properties, representing approximately 6,300 units, and 4 unconsolidated properties, representing approximately 1,200 units. 
 
 The following table reconciles rental and other property revenues less property operations expense Consolidated Property NOI from the condensed consolidated statements of operations to Same Store NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of Consolidated Property NOI to Same Store NOI Rental and other property revenues 37,335 35,977 108,756 106,446 Property operations expense 15,247 13,579 42,564 39,572 Consolidated Property NOI 22,088 22,398 66,192 66,874 Less: Non-same store NOI Lease up properties (1,879) (28) (2,250) (10) Sold properties 244 (2,708) (643) (7,999) Non-core property expenses, net 105 128 (685) 609 NOI attributable to noncontrolling interests (418) (605) (1,624) (1,820) Same store NOI from consolidated activity 20,140 19,185 60,990 57,654 Same store NOI from unconsolidated activity 2,522 3,958 8,785 12,203 Same store NOI 22,662 23,143 69,775 69,857 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities from the condensed consolidated statements of operations to same store net operating income from unconsolidated properties in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 1,361 1,438 4,979 5,067 Adjustments to arrive at same store net operating income Equity in earnings from preferred equity investments (2,451) (2,970) (8,309) (8,948) Equity in losses from depreciation and amortization 1,462 2,318 5,075 6,532 Non-same store property equity in earnings (losses) (65) (5) 248 93 Equity in losses on non-core property expense and other adjustments (1) 
 2,215 3,177 6,792 9,459 Same store NOI - unconsolidated properties 2,522 3,958 8,785 12,203 (1) Property management expenses and other expenses charged by us to our consolidated properties are eliminated. For consistency with consolidated property NOI, same store NOI - unconsolidated properties has been adjusted to remove property management expenses and other expenses at unconsolidated properties that are eliminated with consolidated properties. We apply our ownership percentage at September 30, 2024 for all periods presented. Since equity in earnings is calculated using our ownership percentage throughout the year (which may change as interests are acquired or sold), adjustments have also been made to apply the ownership percentage at September 30, 2024 throughout the reporting period to be consistent with consolidated property NOI. 

Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Same store NOI decreased slightly for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and remained consistent for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the same periods in the prior year. The weighted-average rents for the same store portfolio were 1,715 and 1,727, while the weighted-average occupancy rate for the same store portfolio was 91.7 and 93.5 at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, property payroll, real estate taxes and turnover costs increased when compared to the same period in the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, property payroll, insurance and turnover costs increased. 

Funds from Operations 
 
 We believe funds from operations, or FFO, is a beneficial indicator of the performance of an equity REIT and of our company. We compute FFO in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, or NAREIT, as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains or losses from sales of operating real estate assets (which can vary among owners of identical assets in similar conditions based on historical cost accounting and useful-life estimates), gains and losses from change in control, impairment losses on real estate assets, the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles, real estate-related depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for our share of unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. 
 
 We believe FFO facilitates comparisons of operating performance between periods and among other REITs. However, our computation of FFO may not be comparable to other REITs that do not define FFO in accordance with the NAREIT definition or that interpret the current NAREIT definition differently than we do. Our management believes that historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts have considered the presentation of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. As a result, we believe that the use of FFO, together with the required GAAP presentations, provides a more complete understanding of our performance relative to our competitors and provides a more informed and appropriate basis on which to make decisions involving operating, financing, and investing activities. 
 
 We adjust FFO by the items below to arrive at Core FFO. Our management uses Core FFO as a measure of our operating performance. Our calculation of Core FFO may differ from the methodology used for calculating Core FFO by other REITs and, accordingly, our Core FFO may not be comparable. We believe these measures are useful to investors because they facilitate an understanding of our operating performance after adjusting for non-cash expenses and other items not indicative of ongoing operating performance. 
 
 Neither FFO nor Core FFO is equivalent to net income or cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Furthermore, FFO and Core FFO do not represent amounts available for management s discretionary use because of needed capital replacement or expansion, debt service obligations or other commitments or uncertainties. Neither FFO nor Core FFO should be considered as an alternative to net income as an indicator of our operating performance. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents the calculation of FFO and Core FFO in thousands, except share and per share data): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interests 4,076 (6,958) (1,353) (23,195) Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 16,965 13,854 47,799 41,265 Depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated real estate entities 2,010 2,318 5,623 6,532 Gain on sale of real estate assets (20,668) (47,311) (1,031) Gain on consolidation of development (4,452) (4,452) Income (loss) allocated to noncontrolling interests - limited partners 4,168 (6,593) (1,027) (21,304) Amount attributable to above from noncontrolling interests - partially owned entities (855) (1,170) (1,866) (1,644) Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unit holders 5,696 (3,001) 1,865 (3,829) Adjustments: Gain on legal settlement (16,020) (16,020) Amortization of intangible assets 632 792 1,950 2,370 Amortization of debt issuance costs 958 625 2,545 1,681 Accretion of discount on preferred stock 773 1,983 2,191 5,120 Share-based compensation 1,019 484 3,018 2,212 Promote from incentive allocation agreement (tax effected) (29) (40) (119) Losses (gains) on debt extinguishment 1,115 (98) 2,554 1,037 Losses (gains) on derivatives 3,773 (194) 3,762 (389) Legal costs and settlements, net 18 252 (2,184) 1,298 Other adjustments (1) 
 (160) 334 (113) 584 Amount attributable to above from noncontrolling interests and unconsolidated entities 2,502 1,277 3,433 2,070 Core funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unit holders 306 2,425 2,961 12,035 FFO per common share and unit - diluted 0.08 (0.05) 0.03 (0.06) Core FFO per common share and unit - diluted 0.00 0.04 0.04 0.18 Weighted-average diluted common shares and units outstanding - FFO and Core FFO 67,021,490 66,287,718 65,914,325 66,967,782 (1) Other adjustments include acquisition fees and expenses, insurance losses, and other miscellaneous non-cash or non-recurring items. 

Weighted-average dilutive common shares and units for FFO and Core FFO is as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Dilutive weighted-average Series A Convertible Preferred shares 2,845,355 1,854,793 Weighted-average common shares 31,732,893 34,037,337 31,654,014 34,874,921 Weighted-average limited partnership units 32,443,242 32,250,381 32,405,518 32,092,861 Weighted-average common shares and units outstanding 67,021,490 66,287,718 65,914,325 66,967,782 
 Refer to Results of Operations and Same Store Results of Operations above for further detail. 

Net Asset Value 
 
 Our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, has adopted valuation guidelines, as amended from time to time, that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used in connection with the calculation of our net asset value NAV ). Pursuant to these valuation procedures, we computed a September 30, 2024 NAV per share for our outstanding Class T, Class D, Class I, and Class A shares of 12.2714. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The purchase price per share for each class of common stock will vary and will generally equal our prior month s NAV per share, as determined monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. Please see Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Guidelines in our prospectus for a detailed description of our valuation guidelines. 
 
 CROP has certain classes or series of OP Units that are each economically equivalent to a corresponding class of shares. Accordingly, on the last day of each month, for such classes or series of OP Units, the NAV per OP Unit equals the NAV per share of the corresponding class. To the extent CROP has classes of units that do not correspond to a class of our shares, such units will be valued in a manner consistent with our valuation guidelines. The NAV of CROP on the last day of each month equals the sum of the NAVs of each fully-diluted outstanding OP Unit on such day. In calculating the fully-diluted outstanding OP Units we include all outstanding vested LTIP Units, unvested time-based LTIP Units and those performance-based LTIP Units that would be earned based on the internal rate of return as of such day. 
 
 Our total NAV in the following table includes the NAV of our outstanding classes of common stock, as well as the partnership interests of CROP held by parties other than us. The following table sets forth the components of our NAV as of September 30, 2024 in thousands except share data): 
 Components of NAV As of September 30, 2024 
 Investments in Multifamily Operating Properties 1,922,378 Investments in Multifamily Development Properties 250,113 Investments in Real Estate-Related Structured Investments 90,039 Investments in Land Held for Development 43,889 Operating Company and Other Net Current Assets 7,674 Cash and Cash Equivalents 15,383 Secured Real Estate Financing (1,242,270) Subordinated Unsecured Notes (41,358) Preferred Equity (222,500) Convertible Preferred Equity (39,140) Net Asset Value 784,208 Fully-diluted Shares/Units Outstanding 63,905,492 Presented as adjusted for our economic ownership percentage in each asset. 
 
 The following table provides a breakdown of our total NAV and NAV per share/unit by class as of September 30, 2024 in thousands, except share and per share data): 
 Class T D I A OP (1) 
 Total As of September 30, 2024 
 Monthly NAV 51,339 4,358 72,095 259,626 396,790 784,208 Fully-diluted Outstanding Shares/Units 4,183,644 355,180 5,875,025 21,157,039 32,334,604 63,905,492 NAV per Fully-diluted Share/Unit 12.2714 12.2714 12.2714 12.2714 12.2714 (1) Includes the partnership interests of CROP held by High Traverse Holdings, an entity beneficially owned by Daniel Shaeffer, Chad Christensen, Gregg Christensen and Eric Marlin and other CROP interests, including LTIP Units as described above, held by parties other than us. 

Set forth below are the weighted averages of the key assumptions that were used by the Independent Appraisal Firms in the discounted cash flow methodology used in the September 30, 2024, valuations of our real property assets, based on property types. 
 Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Operating Assets 6.83 5.46 Development Assets 6.62 5.25 Presented as adjusted for our economic ownership percentage in each asset, weighted by gross value. The weighted averages were calculated by our advisor based on the information provided by the Independent Appraisal Firms. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 A change in these assumptions would impact the calculation by the Independent Appraisal Firms of the value of our operating and development assets. For example, assuming all other factors remain unchanged, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on our operating and development asset values: 
 Sensitivities Change Operating Asset Values Development Asset Values Discount Rate 0.25 decrease 2.4 2.0 0.25 increase (2.3) (1.9) Exit Capitalization Rate 0.25 decrease 3.4 3.2 0.25 increase (3.0) (2.8) Presented as adjusted for our economic ownership percentage in each asset. 
 
 The following table reconciles stockholders equity and CROP partners capital per our condensed consolidated balance sheet to our NAV in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 
 Stockholders equity 232,782 Non-controlling interests attributable to limited partners 204,016 436,798 Adjustments at share: Accumulated depreciation and amortization, consolidated and unconsolidated entities 218,132 Deferred tax liability 438 Discount on preferred stock (8,811) Derivative assets (2,259) Convertible preferred shares (39,140) Unrealized net real estate and debt appreciation 175,634 Other 
 3,416 NAV 784,208 
 
 The following describes the adjustments to reconcile GAAP stockholders equity and CROP partners' capital per our condensed consolidated balance sheet to our NAV: 
 
 We depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. Such depreciation and amortization is not recorded for purposes of determining our NAV. Accumulated depreciation and amortization associated with our investments in unconsolidated real estate entities is also not recorded for purposes of determining our NAV. 
 We exclude deferred tax assets and liabilities unless a refund or payment is likely or probable. 
 Derivative assets and liabilities are not included in NAV until the settlement of the derivative is likely to occur. 
 Our preferred stock that is mandatorily redeemable is accounted for as a liability with associated issuance costs deferred and amortized under GAAP. These issuance costs are excluded for purposes of determining our NAV. 
 Convertible preferred shares are treated as a reduction to NAV. 
 Our investments in real estate are presented under historical cost in our GAAP consolidated financial statements. Additionally, our mortgage notes, revolving credit facility and construction loans are presented at their carrying value in our consolidated GAAP financial statements. As such, any increases or decreases in the fair market value of our investments in real estate or our debt instruments are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of determining our NAV, our investments in real estate and our instruments are recorded at fair value. 

Policies Regarding Operating Expenses 
 
 Our advisor must reimburse us the amount by which our aggregate total operating expenses for the four fiscal quarters then ended exceed the greater of 2 of our average invested assets or 25 of our net income (the 2 /25 Limitation), unless the conflicts committee has determined that such excess expenses were justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. For the four consecutive quarters ended September 30, 2024, our total operating expenses were less than the 2 /25 Limitation. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal demands for funds during the short and long-term are and will be for the acquisition of multifamily apartment communities and investments in multifamily real estate-related assets, including funding commitments on our structured investments; operating expenses, including the management fee we pay to our advisor and the performance participation allocation (when applicable); capital expenditures, including those on our development projects; general and administrative expenses; payments under debt obligations; repurchases of common and preferred stock; and payments of distributions to stockholders. We will obtain the capital required to purchase multifamily apartment communities and make investments in multifamily real estate-related assets and conduct our operations from the proceeds of the Private Offerings, our public offerings, our credit facilities, other secured or unsecured financings from banks and other lenders, and from any undistributed funds from our operations. 
 
 We intend to strengthen our capital and liquidity positions by continuing to focus on our core fundamentals at the property level. Factors which could increase or decrease our future liquidity include but are not limited to operating performance of the properties, the interest rate environment and inflation which could increase our expenses, the satisfaction of REIT dividend requirements and the volume of repurchase requests under our share purchase program. Though we have seen an increase in the amount of repurchase requests over the last twelve months, all such requests have been satisfied and the volume of repurchase requests slowed over the third quarter of this year. Due to commitments on our structured investments and development projects, which we believe will be accretive to our portfolio, our available cash to fund repurchase requests is limited. We completed the sale of Cottonwood One Upland (closed December 2023) and Cottonwood West Palm (closed February 2024) to strengthen our liquidity position and enhance our ability to fund repurchase requests and anticipate we will be able to fully fund repurchase requests. To continue to bolster our liquidity position, we may pursue additional strategic asset sales in the future or seek additional sources of capital. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have 808.2 million of fixed rate debt and 366.5 million of variable rate debt, which includes 43.9 million of construction loans. We have interest rate cap hedging instruments on 167.1 million, or 46 , of our variable rate debt. In addition, CROP has issued unsecured promissory notes in several private placement offerings, in an aggregate amount of 41.4 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 We have a credit facility in place with JP Morgan that provides us with additional liquidity. Our JP Morgan Revolving Credit Facility, which was amended due to the sale of Cottonwood One Upland in December 2023, has a variable rate and is secured by Parc Westborough and Alpha Mill, which was added in August 2024. We may obtain advances secured against Parc Westborough and Alpha Mill up to 100.0 million on the JP Morgan Revolving Credit Facility. We can draw upon or pay down the JP Morgan Revolving Credit Facility at our discretion, subject to loan-to-value requirements, debt service coverage ratios and other covenants and restrictions as set forth in the loan documents. As of September 30, 2024, we had 26.9 million of available capacity on the JP Morgan Revolving Credit Facility, with advances of 49.1 million on a borrowing capacity of 76.0 million due to the current interest rate environment and the applicable debt-service coverage ratio. 
 
 One of our principal long-term liquidity requirements includes the repayment of maturing debt. Aggregate maturities will be 41.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 and for the years ending 2025 through 2028 will be 107.4 million, 142.0 million, 364.0 million, and 72.3 million, respectively, and 488.9 million in the aggregate thereafter. Of the 41.5 million maturing during the current year ended December 31, 2024, 21.4 million relates to our 2019 6 Unsecured Promissory Notes, which can be extended to December 31, 2025. 
 
 We have issued and outstanding Series 2019 Preferred Stock, Series 2023 Preferred Stock and Series 2023-A Preferred Stock, each of which are similar in nature and are classified as liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheets due to the mandatory redemption of these instruments on a fixed date for a fixed amount. Each series must be redeemed for cash at a redemption price per share equal to 10.00 plus any accrued and unpaid dividends, to the extent there are funds legally available, on the redemption date. 
 
 The Series 2019 Preferred Stock redemption date is December 31, 2024, subject to an additional one-year extension at our option. The Series 2023 Preferred Stock redemption date is June 30, 2027, subject to two one-year extensions at our option. The Series 2023-A Preferred Stock redemption date is December 31, 2027. As of September 30, 2024, we had 12.1 million shares outstanding for our Series 2019 Preferred Stock, 9.8 million shares outstanding for our Series 2023 Preferred Stock, and 0.3 million shares outstanding for our Series 2023-A Preferred Stock. The redemption price for our preferred stock is 10.00 per share. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to making investments in accordance with our investment objectives, we expect to use our capital resources to pay offering costs in connection with our securities offerings, as well as make certain payments to our advisor pursuant to the terms of our advisory management agreement. 
 
 To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we will be required to make aggregate annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends-paid deduction and excluding net capital gain). Our board of directors may authorize distributions in excess of those required for us to maintain REIT status depending on our financial condition and such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the net change in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash in thousands): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 19,068 (17,578) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 56,710 (29,186) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (65,748) 61,764 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 10,030 15,000 
 
 Net cash flows from operating activities improved by 36.6 million compared to the same period in the prior year primarily due to the absence of a performance participation allocation payment in 2024, which was 20.3 million in 2023, and 12.7 million in accrued interest received from the payoff of two preferred equity investments in 2024. Other increases include rate cap purchases in 2023 that did not occur in 2024, cash from the operations of properties consolidated after September 30, 2023, large legal fee refunds in 2024, reduced asset management fees, and prepaid lease payments. This was offset by decreased cash from the sale of One Upland and Cottonwood West Palm, and higher interest costs. 
 
 Net cash flows from investing activities increased by 85.9 million compared to the same period in the prior year. Cash flows provided by investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included 87.7 million received from the sale of Cottonwood West Palm and tenant in common interests in The Marq Highland Park, 24.9 million from the payoff of our preferred equity investment in Lector85 and Astoria West, and 4.5 million in cash acquired with the consolidation of Cottonwood Lighthouse Point and Alpha Mill. This was offset by 39.0 million in cash used for development projects, 20.1 million funded toward mezzanine loans, and 1.3 million funded toward preferred equity investments. Cash flows used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included 18.1 million of capital returned from investments in unconsolidated entities upon refinance and 4.7 million in net cash from the sale of tenant in common interests in Cottonwood Lighthouse Point and 5.8 million from the consolidation of Melrose Phase II and Riverfront, offset by 32.8 million in cash used for development projects and capital improvements, 17.6 million funded in preferred equity investments, and 7.3 million funded toward mezzanine loans. 
 
 Net cash flows from financing activities decreased by 127.5 million compared to the same period in the prior year. This is primarily due to a decrease of 111.7 million in borrowings on our revolving credit facility, mortgage notes and construction loans, a decrease of 57.2 million in proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock, a 1.9 million increase in preferred stock redemptions, and the 15.3 million payoff of the preferred interest liability upon refinance of 805 Riverfront. This was offset by 32.1 million in net proceeds received from the issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, a decrease of 25.1 million in redemptions of common stock, and 2.4 million in fewer distributions. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Distributions 
 
 The following table shows distributions paid and cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023 in thousands): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Distributions paid in cash - convertible preferred stockholders 1,056 4 Distributions paid in cash - common stockholders 14,705 21,871 Distributions paid in cash to noncontrolling interests - limited partners 17,799 23,233 Distributions of DRP (reinvested) 2,330 2,353 Total distributions (1) 
 35,890 47,461 Source of distributions (2) 
 Paid from cash flows provided by operations 20,154 4,693 Paid from proceeds from realized investments 13,406 Paid from additional borrowings 40,415 Paid from offering proceeds Offering proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to the DRP 2,330 2,353 Total sources 35,890 47,461 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (2) 
 19,068 (22,569) (1) Distributions are paid on a monthly basis. In general, distributions for all record dates of a given month are paid on or about the fifth business day of the following month. 
 (2) The allocation of total sources are calculated on a quarterly basis. Generally, for purposes of determining the source of our distributions paid, we assume first that we use positive cash flow from operating activities from the relevant or prior quarter to fund distribution payments. As such, amounts reflected above as distributions paid from cash flows provided by operations may be from prior quarters which had positive cash flow from operations. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, distributions declared to convertible preferred stockholders, common stockholders and limited partners were 1.3 million, 17.0 million and 17.8 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid cash distributions to convertible preferred stockholders, common stockholders and limited partners of 1.1 million, 14.7 million and 17.8 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our net loss was 1.6 million. Cash flows provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 19.1 million. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Please refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2023 for discussions of our critical accounting estimates. As of September 30, 2024, our critical accounting estimates have not changed from those described in that report. 

Subsequent Events 
 Monrovia Station Funding 
 On October 9, 2024, we funded the remaining 1.5 million commitment on the Monrovia Station Junior Mezzanine Loan. 
 
 Infield Funding 
 
 On October 17, 2024, we increased our commitment by an additional 1.3 million on the Infield preferred equity investment, and funded the additional amount at the same time, bringing our total funding to 12.7 million. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Block C Note 
 
 On November 12, 2024, the board approved a promissory note in favor of Block C. Pursuant to the terms of the promissory note, effective January 1, 2025, CROP may borrow, on a revolving basis, up to 10.0 million. Amounts advanced under the note, plus any interest on the unpaid principal advanced is due and payable by January 31, 2025, subject to one 14-day extension. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to the effects of interest rate changes as we incur debt to maintain liquidity and to finance our real estate investment portfolio and operations. Interest rate changes affect our profitability and the value of our real estate investment portfolio. Our objective with interest rate risk is to reduce the potentially adverse effects of interest rate changes on earnings, prepayment penalties and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. We manage interest rate risk by maintaining a ratio of fixed rate, long-term debt such that variable rate exposure is kept at an acceptable level. We also utilize a variety of derivative financial instruments, including interest rate caps. These financial instruments may be subject to the risk that losses on a hedge position will reduce the funds available for the payment of distributions to our stockholders and/or that the losses may exceed the amount we invested in the derivative instrument itself. 
 
 We have both fixed and variable rate debt. Interest rate fluctuations will generally not affect future earnings or cash flows on fixed rate debt unless such debt matures or is otherwise terminated. However, interest rate changes do affect the fair value of fixed rate instruments. As of September 30, 2024, the face value of our fixed rate mortgage debt was 808.2 million and the estimated aggregate fair value was 796.2 million. Fair value is computed using rates available to us for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. If interest rates had been 100 basis points higher as of September 30, 2024, the fair value of our fixed rate debt would have decreased by 14.8 million. 
 
 Conversely, movements in interest rates on variable rate debt change future earnings and cash flows, but, other than changes in required risk premiums, do not significantly affect fair value. As of September 30, 2024, we had 366.5 million of variable rate debt outstanding, including 43.9 million of construction loans, with 46 of our variable rate debt under rate cap hedging arrangements. If interest rates on non-hedged variable rate debt had been 100 basis points higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, our interest expense would have increased by approximately 468,000 and 1.4 million, respectively. Interest on construction loans prior to being placed in service is capitalized; therefore, the impact of a change in interest rates on our condensed consolidated statements of operations would be less than the total change, but we would incur higher cash payments and capitalized costs, resulting in greater depreciation in later years. 
 
 The weighted-average interest rate of our variable rate debt at September 30, 2024 was 6.82 . The interest rate represents the actual interest rate in effect at September 30, 2024 (consisting of the contractual interest rate and the effect of interest rate swaps, if applicable), using interest rate indices as of September 30, 2024 were applicable. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 For our structured investments, we are exposed to the risk of a borrower s ability to perform pursuant to the terms of their obligations to us. We manage this credit risk by conducting a comprehensive due diligence process prior to making an investment and by actively monitoring the projects we have invested in. The performance and value of our real estate-related structured investments depend upon the sponsors ability to manage the development of the respective properties that serve as collateral so that each property s value ultimately supports the repayment of the investment and accrued returns. Mezzanine loans and preferred equity investments are subordinate to senior mortgage loans and, therefore, involve a higher degree of risk. In the event of a default, mezzanine loans and preferred equity investments will be satisfied only after the senior lender s investment is fully recovered. As a result, in the event of a default, we may not recover all of our investment. 
 
 In addition, we are exposed to the risks generally associated with the commercial real estate market, including variances in occupancy rates, capitalization rates, absorption rates, and other macroeconomic factors beyond our control. We seek to manage these risks through our underwriting and asset management processes. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the direction of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Please see the risks discussed below and in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Risks Related to our Company 
 
 We have incurred net losses under GAAP in the past and may incur net losses in the future, and we have an accumulated deficit and may continue to have an accumulated deficit in the future. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had consolidated net income and net loss of 10.6 million and 1.6 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we had consolidated net losses of 44.9 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 96.1 million. These amounts largely reflect the expense of real estate depreciation and amortization in accordance with GAAP, which was 49.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 59.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Net loss and accumulated deficit are calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, which, among other things, requires depreciation of real estate investments. We calculate depreciation on a straight-line basis. As a result, our operating results imply that the value of our real estate investments will decrease evenly over a set time period. However, we believe that the value of real estate investments will fluctuate over time based on market conditions. Thus, in addition to GAAP financial metrics, management reviews certain non-GAAP financial metrics, including funds from operations, or FFO and Core FFO. FFO measures operating performance that excludes gains or losses from sales of depreciable properties, real estate-related depreciation and amortization and after adjustments for our share of consolidated and unconsolidated entities. See Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Funds from Operations for considerations on how to review this metric. 
 
 We have paid distributions from offering proceeds. In the future we may continue to fund distributions with offering proceeds. To the extent we fund distributions from sources other than our cash flow from operations, we will have less funds available for investment in multifamily apartment communities and multifamily real estate-related assets and the overall return to our stockholders may be reduced. 
 
 Our charter permits us to make distributions from any source, including offering proceeds or borrowings (which may constitute a return of capital), and our charter does not limit the amount of funds we may use from any source to pay such distributions. We intend to make distributions on our common stock on a per share basis with each share receiving the same distribution, subject to any class-specific expenses such as distribution fees on our Class T and Class D shares. If we fund distributions from financings, our offerings or other sources, we will have less funds available for investment in multifamily apartment communities and other multifamily real estate-related assets and the number of real estate properties that we invest in and the overall return to our stockholders may be reduced. If we fund distributions from borrowings, our interest expense and other financing costs, as well as the repayment of such borrowings, will reduce our earnings and cash flow from operations available for distribution in future periods. If we fund distributions from the sale of assets or the maturity, payoff or settlement of multifamily real estate-related assets, this will affect our ability to generate cash flows from operations in future periods. 
 
 It is likely that we will use sources of funds, which may constitute a return of capital to fund distributions. During our offering stage, when we may raise capital more quickly than we acquire income-producing assets, and for some period after, we may not be able to make distributions solely from our cash flow from operations. Further, because we may receive income from our investments at various times during our fiscal year and because we may need cash flow from operations during a particular period to fund capital expenditures and other expenses, we expect that we will declare distributions in anticipation of cash flow that we expect to receive during a later period and we will make these distributions in advance of our actual receipt of these funds. In addition, to the extent our investments are in development or redevelopment projects or in properties that have significant capital requirements, our ability to make distributions may be negatively impacted. In these instances, we expect to look to third party borrowings to fund our distributions. We may also fund such distributions from the sale of assets. To the 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 extent distributions exceed cash flow from operations, a stockholder s basis in our stock will be reduced and, to the extent distributions exceed a stockholder s basis, the stockholder may recognize capital gain. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and the year ended December 31, 2023, we paid aggregate distributions to convertible preferred stockholders, common stockholders and limited partnership unit holders of 35.9 million and 47.5 million, including 33.6 million and 45.1 million of distributions paid in cash and 2.3 million and 2.4 million of distributions reinvested through our distribution reinvestment plan, respectively. Our net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.6 million and our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 was 44.9 million. Cash flows provided by operating activities were 19.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and cash flows used in operating activities were 22.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. We funded our total distribution paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which includes net cash distributions and distribution reinvestment by stockholders, with 20.2 million of cash provided by operating activities, 2.3 million of offering proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan and 13.4 million from proceeds from realized investments. We funded our total distributions paid during 2023, which includes net cash distributions and distributions reinvested by stockholders, with 4.7 million prior period cash provided by operating activities, 2.4 million of offering proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan and 40.4 million from additional borrowings. 
 
 Generally, for purposes of determining the source of our distributions paid, we assume first that we use cash flow from operating activities from the relevant or prior periods to fund distribution payments. To the extent that we pay distributions from sources other than our cash flow from operating activities, we will have less funds available for the acquisition of real estate investments, the overall return to our stockholders may be reduced and subsequent investors will experience dilution. In addition, to the extent distributions exceed cash flow from operating activities, a stockholder s basis in our stock will be reduced and, to the extent distributions exceed a stockholder s basis, the stockholder may recognize capital gain. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act and not previously included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K as described below. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we issued 146,931 shares of Class I common stock upon exchange of corresponding OP Units held by various limited partners. The issuance of such shares of common stock was effected in reliance upon an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We relied on the exemption based on representations given by the holders of the OP Units. The Class I common stock was issued at the most recently disclosed NAV of the Class I shares as determined based on the valuation guidelines adopted by our board of directors. 
 
 Additional information regarding recent unregistered sales of equity securities is included herein at Item 5. Other Information . 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 Under our share repurchase program, to the extent we choose to repurchase shares in any particular month, we will only repurchase shares as of the last calendar day of that month (a Repurchase Date ). Repurchased shares will remain outstanding on the Repurchase Date and will no longer be outstanding on the day following the Repurchase Date. Repurchases will be made at the transaction price in effect on the Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to our prior month s NAV per share), except that depending on the class of shares requested to be repurchased and how long the shares have been outstanding, the shares may be repurchased at a discount to the transaction price (an Early Repurchase Deduction as described in the Share Repurchase Program which is filed as exhibit 99.1 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K , subject to certain limited exceptions. Settlements of share repurchases will generally be made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. 
 
 The total amount of aggregate repurchases of our Class T, Class D, Class I, and Class A shares (all of our outstanding classes of common stock) is limited to no more than 2 of the aggregate NAV of our common stock outstanding per month and no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV of our common stock outstanding per calendar quarter. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Should repurchase requests, in our judgment, place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the company as a whole, or should we otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in real properties or other investments rather than repurchasing our shares is in the best interests of the company as a whole, we may choose to repurchase fewer shares in any particular month than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, our board of directors may modify and suspend our share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. In the event that we determine to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares repurchased at the end of the month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share repurchase plan, as applicable. 
 If the transaction price for the applicable month is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed after such date), then no repurchase requests will be accepted for such month and stockholders who wish to have their shares repurchased the following month must resubmit their repurchase requests. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares of our common stock in the following amounts at the then-applicable transaction price (reduced as applicable by the Early Repurchase Deduction): 
 
 Month of: Total Number of Shares Repurchased (1) 
 Repurchases as a Percentage of NAV (2) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Maximum Number of Shares Pending Repurchase Pursuant to Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3) 
 July 2024 243,735 0.7541574 12.3717 August 2024 244,382 0.7681563 12.4403 September 2024 277,677 0.8716378 12.2105 Total 765,794 (1) All shares have been repurchased pursuant to our share purchase program. 
 (2) Represents aggregate NAV of the shares repurchased under our share repurchase plan over aggregate NAV of all shares of our common stock outstanding, in each case, based on our NAV as of the last calendar day of the prior month. Pursuant to our share repurchase program, we may repurchase up to 2 of the aggregate NAV of our common stock outstanding per month and 5 of the aggregate NAV of our common stock outstanding per calendar quarter. 
 (3) All repurchase requests under our share repurchase plan were satisfied. We funded our repurchases with cash available from operations, financing activities and capital raising activities. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Results of Annual Meeting 
 
 On November 12, 2024, the Company held its 2024 annual meeting of stockholders (the "Annual Meeting") at 1245 Brickyard Road, Suite 250, Salt Lake City, Utah 84106. At the Annual Meeting, the Company s stockholders voted in person or by proxy on (1) the election of the following individuals to the board of directors: Daniel Shaeffer, Chad Christensen, Jonathan Gardner, John Lunt, and Philip White; (2) the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP KPMG as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2024; (3) the approval, by advisory (non-binding) vote, of our executive compensation for the named executive officers; and (4) the recommendation, by advisory (non-binding) vote, on the frequency of executive compensation votes. 
 
 All of the director nominees were elected. The number of votes cast for, against and abstaining from each of the director nominees and the number of broker non-votes were as follows: 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes Chad Christensen 7,190,659 261,337 514,015 9,363,488 Jonathan Gardner 7,202,163 253,392 510,456 9,363,488 John Lunt 7,230,534 226,680 508,797 9,363,488 Daniel Shaeffer 7,231,951 231,874 502,186 9,363,488 Philip White 7,192,420 229,842 543,749 9,363,488 

The appointment of KPMG was ratified. The results of the vote on the ratification of the appointment of KPMG as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2024 were as follows: 
 
 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 16,771,464 162,994 395,041 
 
 Our executive compensation for the named executive officers was approved. The results of the vote on the approval of our executive compensation for the named executive officer were as follows: 
 
 Votes For Votes Against Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 6,509,875 681,758 774,378 9,363,488 
 
 Two years was the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation of the named executive officers recommended by our stockholders. The results of the recommendation were as follows: 
 
 One Year Two Years Three Years Abstentions Broker Non-Votes 1,856,804 5,128,838 357,376 622,993 

Block C Loan 
 
 On November 12, 2024, our conflicts committee approved a promissory note from CROP, effective as of January 1, 2025, in favor of CW Block C, LLC Block C ), a development joint venture in which entities affiliated with us and our advisor (the Affiliated Members own an interest. The Affiliated Members are owned directly or indirectly by Daniel Shaeffer, Chad Christensen, Gregg Christensen, Enzio Cassinis, Eric Marlin, Susan Hallenberg, Stan Hanks, Glenn Rand and Adam Larson, each of whom are our officers or directors, as well as certain employees of CROP and our advisor or its affiliates. As of September 30, 2024, the Affiliated Members have made aggregate contributions of 10.9 million towards the joint venture and owned a 17.5503 interest in Block C with Messrs. Shaeffer, C. Christensen, G. Christensen, Cassinis, Marlin, Hanks, Rand, Larson and Ms. Hallenberg having an indirect ownership interest of 3.86 , 8.45 , 3.00 , 0.40 , 0.28 , 0.25 , 0.09 , 0.20 and 0.57 , respectively. The Affiliated Members participate in the economics of Block C on the same terms and conditions as us. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the promissory note, CROP may borrow, on a revolving basis, up to 10,000,000. Amounts advanced under the note, plus any interest on the unpaid principal advanced is due and payable by January 31, 2025, provided that CROP may extend the maturity date for one 14-day extension upon written notice to Block C. The unpaid principal under the promissory note bears interest from the date advanced at a rate of 4.6 per annum, which approximates the 30-day treasury rate, cumulative and not compounded. CROP may prepay the unpaid principal balance under the promissory note, in whole or in part, together with all interest then accrued under the note, at any time, without premium or penalty. The promissory note is unsecured. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 CW Investor at Highland 
 
 As previously disclosed, on January 9, 2024, in accordance with the terms of the underlying joint venture agreement, we made a protective advance in an amount up to 800,000 to the joint venture through which we own our investment in Cottonwood Highland, a multifamily development in Millcreek, Utah, we acquired in connection with our merger with CRII and CROP. On November 12, 2024, the promissory note related to the advance was amended and restated to increase the amount advanced by 400,000 to 1.2 million. All other terms of the advance remained unchanged. CROP owns a 36.93 interest in the joint venture with our officers and directors owning a 15.019 interest and the balance of the joint venture owned by outside investors. The terms of the advance, as contemplated in the joint venture agreement, provide for interest-only payments to be paid at a rate of 10 with prepayment permitted at any time without penalty. The advance matures on December 31, 2026. As of September 30, 2024, we have drawn 600,829. 
 
 Preferred Offerings 
 
 We are conducting two separate best-efforts private placement offerings pursuant to which we are offering two different series of preferred stock to accredited investors. Both offerings are exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D of the Securities Act because the shares are being offered and sold solely to accredited investors without the use of general solicitation. 
 
 In an offering launched December 13, 2022, we are offering a maximum of 150,000,000 in shares of our Series 2023 Preferred Stock (the "Series 2023 Private Offering") at a purchase price of 10.00 per share (with discounts available to certain categories of purchasers). In an offering launched September 19, 2023, we are offering a maximum of 150,000,000 in shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series A Convertible Private Offering") at a purchase price of 10.00 per share. 
 
 Sales Pursuant to the Series 2023 Private Offering 
 
 During the period from October 30, 2024 through November 13, 2024, we issued and sold 96,070 shares of Series 2023 Preferred Stock in the Series 2023 Private Offering and received aggregate proceeds of 954,000. In connection with the sale of these shares in the Series 2023 Private Offering, we paid aggregate selling commissions of 50,940 and placement fees of 28,358. As of November 13, 2024, there were 10,172,635 shares of our Series 2023 Preferred Stock outstanding. 
 
 Sales Pursuant to the Series A Convertible Private Offering 
 
 During the period from November 5, 2024 through November 13, 2024, we issued and sold 145,693 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock in the Series A Convertible Private Offering and received aggregate proceeds of 1,419,990. In connection with the sale of these shares in the Series A Convertible Private Offering, we paid aggregate selling commissions of 55,979 and placement fees of 37,486. As of November 13, 2024, there were 4,611,657 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-215272) filed June 27, 2018 
 3.2 Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-215272) filed December 22, 2016 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary for the Class A shares of common stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K (No. 333-215272) filed August 19, 2019 
 3.4 Articles Supplementary for the Class T shares of common stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 on Form 8-K (No. 333-215272) filed August 19, 2019 
 3.5 Articles of Amendment, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 on Form 8-K (No. 333-215272) filed August 19, 2019 
 3.6 Article Supplementary Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 13, 2019 
 3.7 Articles Supplementary for the Series 2019 Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 on Form 8-K (No. 000-56165) filed April 2, 2021 
 3.8 Articles of Amendment for the Class TX shares of common stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 on Form 8-K (No. 000-56165) filed April 2, 2021 
 3.9 Articles Supplementary for the Class D, Class I and Class T shares of common stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 on Form 8-K (No. 000-56165) filed April 2, 2021 
 3.10 Articles Supplementary for the Class D shares of common stock, incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 3.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (file no. 333-255171) filing dated May 13, 2021 
 3.11 Articles Supplementary for the Class D and Class T shares of common stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment no. 7 to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-215272) filed August 11, 2021 
 3.12 Articles Supplementary for the Series 2019 Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K (No. 000-56165) filed October 18, 2021) 
 3.13 Articles of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 20, 2021) 
 3.14 Articles Supplementary for the Series 2019 Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2022) 
 3.15 Articles Supplementary for the Series 2023 Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 16, 2022) 
 3.16 Articles Supplementary for the Series 2023-A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 28, 2023) 
 3.17 Articles Supplementary for the Series 2023 Preferred Stock of Cottonwood Communities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 23, 2023) 
 3.18 Articles Supplementary for the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 22, 2023) 
 3.19 Articles of Amendment for the terms of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Cottonwood Communities, Inc. (incorporated by reference Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 12, 2024) 
 4.1 Statement regarding restrictions on transferability of shares of common stock (to appear on stock certificate or to be sent upon request and without charge to stockholders issued shares without certificates), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-215272) filed June 27, 2018 
 4.2 Distribution Reinvestment Plan, incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the prospectus included in the Company s Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-258754) filed October 21, 2021 
 4.3 Multiple Class Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment no. 7 to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-215272) filed August 11, 2021 
 4.4 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the prospectus included in the Company s Amendment no. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-258754)) 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 10.1 Form of Licensing Agreement by and between APT Cowork, LLC and property owning entity (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-282872) filed October 29, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 COTTONWOOD COMMUNITIES, INC. By: /s/ Daniel Shaeffer Daniel Shaeffer, Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Adam Larson Adam Larson, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Dated: November 14, 2024 
 47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311q324sox302ceocertific.htm
 EX-31.1 SOX 302 CEO CERTIFICATION 9.30.24

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 350) 
 I, Daniel Shaeffer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cottonwood Communities, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Daniel Shaeffer Daniel Shaeffer, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312q324sox302cfocertific.htm
 EX-31.2 SOX 302 CEO CERTIFICATION 9.30.24

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 350) 
 
 I, Adam Larson, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cottonwood Communities, Inc. (the registrant 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Adam Larson Adam Larson, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321q324sox906ceocertific.htm
 EX-32.1 SOX 302 CEO CERTIFICATION 9.30.24

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cottonwood Communities, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, to his knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Daniel Shaeffer Daniel Shaeffer, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322q324sox906cfocertific.htm
 EX-32.2 SOX 302 CEO CERTIFICATION 9.30.24

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cottonwood Communities, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, to his knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Adam Larson Adam Larson, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cci-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cci-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cci-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cci-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cci-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

