<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1864943_0001628280-24-047654.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9727724</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114924</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1656290</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3175630</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2440275</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2162296</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047654.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113165218
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047654
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FGI Industries Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001864943
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEATING EQUIP, EXCEPT ELEC & WARM AIR & PLUMBING FIXTURES [3430]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41207
		FILM NUMBER:		241455300

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		906 MURRAY ROAD
		CITY:			EAST HANOVER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07869
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-428-0400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		906 MURRAY ROAD
		CITY:			EAST HANOVER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07869

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047654.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 fgi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fgi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended: 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 _____________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________________________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Capital Market 

Capital Market 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o 
 x Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock on November 5, 2024 was . 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 General 
 4 
 PART I- FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements. 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 202 3 (Audited). 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 7 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 8 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 11 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 35 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 44 
 PART II- OTHER INFORMATION 
 45 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 45 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 45 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 46 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 46 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 46 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information. 
 46 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits. 
 47 
 SIGNATURES 
 48 
 
 _________________________________________________ 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are subject to the safe harbor created thereby. All statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q other than statements of historical facts, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, our business strategy and plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as aim, anticipate, assume, believe, contemplate, continue, could, design, due, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, objective, plan, predict, positioned, potential, seek, should, target, will, would and other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. In addition, statements that we believe or similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. We have based these forward- looking statements on our current expectations about future events. While we believe these expectations are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward- looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 the levels of residential repair and remodel activity, and to a lesser extent, new home construction; 
 the effects of inflationary pressures, financial market uncertainty and rising interest rates on the demand for our products, our costs and our ability to access capital; 
 our ability to maintain our strong brands and reputation and to develop innovative products; 
 our ability to maintain our competitive position in our industries; 
 our reliance on key suppliers and customers; 
 the occurrence of public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, including the impact on domestic and international economic activity, consumer confidence, our production capabilities, our employees and our supply chain; 
 the cost and availability of materials and the imposition of tariffs; 
 risks associated with our international operations and global strategies; 
 our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of our strategic initiatives; 
 our ability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy and integrate businesses that we may acquire; 
 our ability to obtain additional capital to finance our planned operations and to maintain our listing on Nasdaq; 
 risks associated with our reliance on information systems and technology, and our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits from our investments in new technology; 
 our ability to attract, develop and retain talented and diverse personnel; 
 our ability to obtain additional capital to finance our planned operations; 
 regulatory developments in the United States and internationally; 
 our ability to establish and maintain intellectual property protection for our products, as well as our ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the caption Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as subsequent reports we file from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC (available at www.sec.gov). 
 These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate, and management s beliefs and assumptions are not 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur at all. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents that we reference and have filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 GENERAL 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Company, FGI, we, us or our refer to FGI Industries Ltd. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 FGI INDUSTRIES LTD. 
 INDEX TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (Audited) 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 - 34 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 FGI INDUSTRIES LTD. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 USD USD (Unaudited) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepayments and other current assets Prepayments and other receivables related parties Total current assets PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET OTHER ASSETS Intangible assets Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Deferred tax assets, net Other noncurrent assets Total other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Short-term loans Accounts payable Accounts payable related parties Income tax payable Operating lease liabilities current Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities OTHER LIABILITIES Operating lease liabilities noncurrent Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Ordinary shares par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) FGI Industries Ltd. shareholders equity Non-controlling interests ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 _________________________________________________ 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 FGI INDUSTRIES LTD. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 USD USD USD USD Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Selling and distribution General and administrative Research and development Total operating expenses (Loss) income from operations ) ) Other income (expenses) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other income, net Total other (expenses) income, net ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) Provision for (benefit of) income taxes Current Deferred ) ) ) ) Total provision for (benefit of) income taxes ) Net (loss) income ) ) Less: net loss attributable to non-controlling shareholders ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to FGI Industries Ltd. shareholders ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Less: comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling shareholders ) ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to FGI Industries Ltd. shareholders ) ) Weighted average number of ordinary shares Basic Diluted (Loss) earnings per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 _________________________________________________ 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 FGI INDUSTRIES LTD. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 
 Preference Shares 
 Ordinary Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total FGI Industries Ltd. Shareholders' Equity Non- Controlling Interests Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Share-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Share-based compensation Net income (loss) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Share-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 Preference Shares 
 Ordinary Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total FGI Industries Ltd. Shareholders' Equity Non- Controlling Interests Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Share-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Share-based compensation Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Share-based compensation Net income (loss) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) _________________________________________________ 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 FGI INDUSTRIES LTD. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 USD USD CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities Depreciation Amortization Share-based compensation Provision for credit losses Provision for defective return ) Foreign exchange transaction loss ) ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Prepayments and other current assets ) Prepayments and other receivables related parties ) ) Other noncurrent assets ) Income taxes ) Accounts payable ) Accounts payable - related parties ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Purchase of intangible assets ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net proceeds from (repayments of) revolving credit facility ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATION ON CASH ) NET CHANGES IN CASH ) ) CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH, END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for interest ) ) Cash paid during the period for income taxes ) ) 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES New addition on Right-of-use assets ) ) Acquisition of intangible asset partially through prior period advanced payment ) _________________________________________________ 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 FGI INDUSTRIES LTD. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1 
 owned by FGI 
 (formerly named Foremost Groups, Inc.) Incorporated on January 5, 1988 
 Sales and distribution in the United States 
 FGI Europe Investment Limited A British Virgin Islands holding company 
 owned by FGI 
 Incorporated on January 1, 2007 
 FGI International, Limited A Hong Kong company 
 owned by FGI 
 Incorporated on June 2, 2021 
 Sales, sourcing and product development 
 FGI Canada Ltd. A Canadian company 
 owned by FGI Industries Inc. 
 Incorporated on October 17, 1997 
 Sales and distribution in Canada 
 FGI Germany GmbH Co. KG A German company 
 owned by FGI Europe Investment Limited 
 Incorporated on January 24, 2013 
 Sales and distribution in Germany 
 FGI China, Ltd. A PRC limited liability company 
 owned by FGI International, Limited 
 Incorporated on August 19, 2021 
 Sourcing and product development 
 FGI United Kingdom Ltd An UK company 
 owned by FGI Europe Investment Limited 
 Incorporated on December 10, 2021 
 Sales and distribution in UK 
 FGI Australasia Pty Ltd An Australian company 
 owned by FGI 
 Incorporated on September 8, 2022 
 Sales and distribution in Australia 
 Covered Bridge Cabinetry Manufacturing Co., Ltd A Cambodian company 
 owned by FGI 
 Incorporated on April 21, 2022 
 Manufacturing in Cambodia 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 owned by FGI Industries Inc. 
 Formed on June 2, 2023 
 Sales and distribution in the United States 
 FGI Industries India Private Limited An Indian company 
 owned by FGI 
 Incorporated on June 11, 2024 
 Sales and distribution in India 
 
 Reorganization 
 On January 27, 2022, the following reorganization steps were collectively completed: (i) the incorporation of FGI International, Limited FGI International and FGI China, Ltd., (ii) FGI Industries Inc. (formerly Foremost Groups, Inc.) FGI Industries ), which operates the kitchen and bath K B sales and distribution business in the United States and, through its wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, Foremost International Limited, in Canada, distributed of the outstanding shares of stock of Foremost Kingbetter Food Equipment Inc. FKB ), which operates a separate furniture line of business, to Foremost Groups Ltd. Foremost ), FGI Industries sole shareholder; (iii) Foremost contributed the FKB shares to Foremost Home Inc. FHI ), a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of Foremost; and (iv) Foremost contributed of the outstanding shares of stock of each of FGI Industries, FGI Europe Investment Limited FGI Europe ), which, directly and, through its wholly-owned German subsidiary, FGI Germany GmbH Co., operates the K B sales and distribution business in Europe, and FGI International, which, directly and through its wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary, FGI China, Ltd., operates the K B sales and distribution business in the remainder of the world, K B product development and sourcing of K B products in China, to the Company (collectively, the Reorganization ), such that, immediately following the Reorganization, (x) Foremost owns of the equity interests in each of the Company and FHI, (y) the Company owns of the equity interests in each of FGI Industries, FGI Europe and FGI International, which collectively, and through subsidiaries, operate the K B business worldwide (the K B Business ), and (z) FHI owns of the equity interests in FKB. 
 On January 14, 2022 FGI Industries, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a shared services agreement (the FHI Shared Services Agreement with Foremost Home Inc., a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of Foremost FHI ). Pursuant to the FHI Shared Services Agreement, FGI Industries provides FHI with general and administrative services, information technology systems services and human resources services, as well as warehouse space services and supply chain services in the United States. Under the FHI Shared Services Agreement, FHI will reimburse any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees incurred by FGI Industries as well as pay a service fee for each service. For warehouse services, FHI will pay FGI Industries a annual fee as well as a fee equal to of gross product sales of all products stored in such warehouses. For all other services provided, FHI will pay a service fee equal to the total costs incurred by FGI Industries for such service generally divided by the number of FHI employees relative to FGI Industries employees. The FHI Shared Services Agreement will have an initial term of and will renew automatically unless cancelled by either party upon the giving of at least days in advance of the expiration of the then-current term. 
 On January 14, 2022, the Company entered into a shared services agreement (the Worldwide Shared Services Agreement with Foremost Worldwide Co., Ltd. Foremost Worldwide pursuant to which Foremost Worldwide provides FGI Industries with general and administrative services, information technology system services and human resources services, in Taiwan. The terms of the Worldwide Services Agreement as between the service provider and recipient are substantially identical to those of the FHI Shared Services Agreement, including calculation of service fees and termination provisions, with Foremost Worldwide providing services and FGI Industries paying Foremost Worldwide for such services. On January 1, 2023, the Worldwide Services Agreement was amended and restated to include additional digital online and related services. 
 The assets and liabilities have been stated at historical carrying amounts. Only those assets and liabilities that are specifically identifiable to the K B Business are included in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income consist of all the revenue, costs and expenses of the K B Business, including allocations to selling and distribution expenses, general and administrative expenses, and research and development expenses, and which were incurred by FGI but related to the K B Business prior to the Reorganization. 
 All revenue and cost of revenue attributable to selling of K B products were allocated to the Company. Operating expenses were allocated to the Company based on employees and activities that are involved in the K B Business. Any 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Cost of revenue ) Gross profit Selling and distribution expenses General and administrative expenses Research and development expenses Income from operations 
 Since October 2022, the books and records of FGI International have been completely separated from Foremost Worldwide Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Foremost. 
 Income tax liability is calculated based on a separate return basis as if the K B Business had filed separate tax returns before the completion of the Reorganization. Immediately following the Reorganization, the K B Business began to file separate tax returns and report taxation based on the actual tax return of each legal entity. 
 Management believes the basis and amounts of these allocations are reasonable. While the expenses allocated to the Company for these items are not necessarily indicative of the expenses that would have been incurred if the Company had been a separate, stand-alone entity, the Company does not believe that there is any significant difference between the nature and amounts of these allocated expenses and the expenses that would have been incurred if the Company had been a separate, stand-alone entity. 
 
 Note 2 
 million in cash and cash equivalents, which primarily consists of cash on hand and bank deposits, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal and use. 
 If the Company is unable to realize its assets within the normal operating cycle of a twelve (12) month period, the Company may have to consider supplementing its available sources of funds through the following sources: 
 other available sources of financing from other banks and financial institutions; 
 sales of additional securities to the public or other investors; and 
 financial support from the Company s shareholders. 
 Based on the above considerations, the Company s management is of the opinion that it has sufficient funds to meet the Company s working capital requirements and debt obligations as they become due over the next twelve (12) months. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 For the purpose of presenting the financial statements of subsidiaries using the Renminbi RMB as their functional currency, the Company s assets and liabilities are expressed in U.S. Dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, which was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; shareholders equity accounts are translated at historical rates, and income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rate during the period, which was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 For the purpose of presenting the financial statements of the subsidiary using the Canadian Dollar CAD as its functional currency, the Company s assets and liabilities are expressed in U.S. Dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, which was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; shareholders equity accounts are translated at historical rates, and income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rate during the period, which was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 For the purpose of presenting the financial statements of the subsidiary using the Euro EUR as its functional currency, the Company s assets and liabilities are expressed in U.S. Dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date, which was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; shareholders equity accounts are translated at historical rates, and income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rate during the period, which was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 years Leasehold Improvements Lesser of lease term and expected useful life 
 Machinery and equipment years 
 Furniture and fixtures years 
 Vehicles years Molds years 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 impairment of long-lived assets was recognized. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 to days of fulfilling its performance obligations and recognizing revenue . 
 The Company provides customer programs and incentive offerings, including co-operative marketing arrangements and volume-based incentives. These customer programs and incentives are considered variable consideration. The Company includes in revenue variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the variable consideration is resolved. This determination is made based upon known customer program and incentive offerings at the time of sale, and expected sales volume forecasts as it relates to the Company s volume- based incentives. This determination is updated on a monthly basis. 
 Certain product sales include a right of return. The Company estimates future product returns at the time of sale based on historical experience and records a corresponding reduction in accounts receivable. 
 The Company records receivables related to revenue when it has an unconditional right to invoice and receive payment. 
 Bath Furniture Shower System Others Total 
 Canada Europe Rest of World Total 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, shipping and handling expense was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, shipping and handling expense was and , respectively. 
 The Company recognized share-based compensation of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 in Isla Porter LLC. The non-controlling interests are presented in the unaudited consolidated balance sheets, separate from equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of operations of the Company are presented on the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income (loss) as allocations of the net income or loss for the period between non-controlling shareholders and the shareholders of the Company. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Denominator: Weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding basic 
 Potentially dilutive shares from outstanding options/warrants Weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding diluted 
 Earnings (loss) per share basic ) ) Earnings (loss) per share diluted ) ) 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Note 3 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accrued defective return and discount ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Provision (recovery) Write-off ) ) Ending balance 
 Provision (recovery) ) Ending balance 
 
 Note 4 
 Reserves for slow-moving inventories ) ) Inventories, net 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Provision (recovery) ) Ending balance 
 
 Note 5 
 Others Total prepayments and other assets 
 
 Note 6 
 Leasehold Improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Vehicles Molds Subtotal Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Prepayment for purchase of equipment and construction-in-progress Total 
 Depreciation expenses amounted to and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation expenses were included in general and administrative expenses on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 
 Note 7 
 years. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 years and can be extended for another years for . 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, total lease expenses were and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, total lease expenses were and , respectively. 
 Operating lease liabilities current Operating lease liabilities noncurrent Total operating lease liabilities 
 Information relating to the lease term and discount rate are as follows: 
 As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Weighted-average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Note 8 
 of the voting control of Foremost. The current amount of maximum borrowings is and the Credit Agreement has a maturity date of December 21, 2024. This is an assets-based line of credit, the borrowing limit is calculated based on certain percentage of accounts receivable and inventory balances. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 to 1, tested at the end of each fiscal quarter; (b) an effective tangible net worth (defined as total book net worth plus minority interest, less amounts due from officers, shareholders and affiliates, minus intangible assets and accumulated amortization, plus debt subordinated to East West Bank) of not less than , tested at the end of each fiscal quarter, on a consolidated basis; and (c) a total debt to tangible net worth ratio (defined as total liabilities divided by tangible net worth, which is defined as total book net worth plus minority interest, less loans to officers, shareholders, and affiliates minus intangible assets and accumulated amortization) not to exceed to 1, tested at the end of each fiscal quarter, on a consolidated basis. As of September 30, 2024, FGI Industries was in compliance with these financial covenants. 
 The loan bears interest at rate equal to, at the Company s option, either (i) percentage points less than the Prime Rate quoted by the Wall Street Journal or (ii) the SOFR Rate (as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited and displayed by Bloomberg LP) plus per annum (in either case, subject to a minimum rate of per annum) . The interest rate as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 Each sum of borrowings under the Credit Agreement is deemed due on demand and is classified as a short-term loan. The outstanding balance of such loan was and as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 HSBC Canada Bank Loan / Foreign Exchange Facility 
 FGI Canada Ltd. has a line of credit agreement with HSBC Canada (the Canadian Revolver ). The revolving line of credit with HSBC Canada allows for borrowing up to CAD (USD as of the September 30, 2024 exchange rate). This is an assets-based line of credit, the borrowing limit is calculated based on certain percentage of accounts receivable and inventory balances. Pursuant to the Canadian Revolver, FGI Canada Ltd. is required to maintain (a) a debt to tangible net worth ratio of no more than to 1.00; and (b) a ratio of current assets to current liabilities of at least to 1.00. The loan bears interest at a rate of Prime rate plus . As of September 30, 2024, FGI Canada Ltd. was not in compliance with certain financial covenants in the Canadian Revolver related to its debt to tangible net worth ratio. As of the date of this quarterly report, FGI Canada Ltd. has requested a waiver from the lender, which is being processed by the lender. In the absence of an executed waiver, the Company has classified the outstanding balance of the loan as a current liability on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The Company has sufficient liquidity to repay the loan in full if immediate settlement were required. 
 Borrowings under this line of credit amounted to and as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. The facility matures at the discretion of HSBC Canada upon days notice. 
 FGI Canada Ltd. also has a revolving foreign exchange facility with HSBC Canada of up to a permitted maximum of USD . The advances are available to purchase foreign exchange forward contracts from time to time up to six months, subject to an overall maximum aggregate USD Equivalent outstanding face value not exceeding . 
 CTBC Credit Facility 
 On January 25, 2024, FGI International entered into an omnibus credit line (the CTBC Credit Line with CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. CTBC ). Under the CTBC Credit Line, FGI International may borrow, from time to time, up to million, with borrowings limited to of FGI International s export open account trade receivables. The CTBC Credit Line will bear interest at a rate of Base Rate , which is based on monthly or quarterly Taipei Interbank Offered in effect from time to time, plus base points and handling fees, unless otherwise agreed to by the parties. The CTBC Credit Line is unsecured and is fully guaranteed by the Company and partially guaranteed by Liang Chou Chen. Borrowings under this line of credit amounted to and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 9 
 ordinary shares with a par value of per share. 
 On January 27, 2022, the Company completed the Reorganization upon the consummation of the initial public offering IPO ). After the Reorganization and the IPO, the Company s authorized share capital is divided into (i) Ordinary Shares of par value of each, and (ii) Preference Shares of par value of each; ordinary shares were issued and outstanding accordingly. The Company believes it is appropriate to reflect 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 units Units ), each consisting of (i) ordinary share, par value per share, of the Company (the Shares ), and (ii) warrant of the Company (the Warrants entitling the holder to purchase Share at an exercise price of per Share. The Shares and Warrants were issued separately in the offering, and may be transferred separately immediately upon issuance. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit. The Warrants included in the units were immediately exercisable following the consummation of the offering, have an exercise price equal to the initial public offering price, and expire from the date of issuance. 
 For the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Units, the Company granted a -day option to the underwriters to purchase (the Over-allotment Option ), in the aggregate, up to ordinary shares (the Option Shares and Warrants to purchase up to ordinary shares (the Option Warrants ), which was exercisable in any combination of Option Shares and/or Option Warrants at the per Share purchase price and/or the per Warrant purchase price, respectively. On January 25, 2022, the underwriters exercised in full their option to purchase up to an additional Warrants at the price of per Option Warrant. Management determined that these Warrants meet the definition of a derivative under ASC 815-40; however, they fall under the scope exception, which states that contracts issued that both a) indexed to its own stock; and b) classified in shareholders' equity are not considered derivatives. The Warrants were recorded at their fair value on the date of grant as a component of equity. 
 The aggregated fair value of these Warrants on January 27, 2022 was million. The fair value has been estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: market value of underlying stock of ; risk free rate of ; expected term of years; exercise price of the warrants of ; volatility of ; and expected future dividends of . As of the date of this report, warrants were issued and outstanding; and of the warrants has been exercised. 
 The gross proceeds from the IPO were approximately million with net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. Immediately following the consummation of the IPO, there were an aggregate of ordinary shares issued and outstanding. As a result of the IPO, the ordinary shares and Warrants now trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol FGI and FGIWW , respectively. 
 Public Offering Warrants 
 In connection with and upon the closing of the IPO on January 27, 2022, the Company issued warrants equal to of the Shares issued in the IPO, or ordinary shares, to the representative of the underwriters for the IPO. The warrants carry a term of , shall not be exercisable for a period of days from the closing of the IPO and shall be exercisable at a price equal to the IPO price per share. Management determined that these warrants meet the definition of a derivative under ASC 815-40; however, they fall under the scope exception, which states that contracts issued that are both a) indexed to its own stock; and b) classified in shareholders' equity are not considered derivatives. The warrants were recorded at their fair value on the date of grant as a component of equity. 
 The aggregated fair value of these IPO warrants on January 27, 2022 was million. The fair value has been estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: market value of underlying stock of ; risk free rate of ; expected term of years; exercise price of the warrants of ; volatility of ; and expected future dividends of . As of the date of this report, warrants exercisable for shares were issued and outstanding; and of the warrants have been exercised. 
 
 Note 10 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 shares. The number of ordinary shares reserved for issuance under our 2021 Equity Plan will automatically increase on the first day of each year, commencing on January 1, 2022 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2031, in an amount equal to the lesser of (a) of the total number of ordinary shares outstanding on December 31 of the immediately preceding calendar year, (b) ordinary shares, or (c) such lesser number of shares as determined by the Board. The Equity Plan became effective on September 28, 2021. 
 The Company believes the options or awards granted contain an explicit service condition and/or performance condition. Under ASC 718-10-55-76, if the vesting (or exercisability) of an award is based on the satisfaction of both a service and performance condition, the entity must initially determine which outcomes are probable and recognize the compensation cost over the longer of the explicit or implicit service period. Because an initial public offering generally is not considered to be probable until the initial public offering is effective, compensation cost was recognized until the IPO occurred. 
 Restricted shares units RSU 
 In January 2022, the Company issued restricted share units RSUs to certain officers and employees under the 2021 Equity Plan as compensation awards. The fair value for these RSUs was based on the closing share price of as of January 27, 2022. These awards will vest in three equal installments on each anniversary of the grant date over . As of September 30, 2024, of these granted RSUs were vested. 
 In April 2022, the Company issued RSUs to an employee under the 2021 Equity Plan as compensation awards. The fair value for these RSUs was based on the closing share price of as of April 13, 2022. These awards will vest as to one-third of the shares on the anniversary of the grant date. The remaining shares will vest in a series of successive equal monthly installments upon completion of each additional month of service, commencing on the grant date. As of September 30, 2024, of these granted RSUs were vested. 
 In May 2022, the Company issued RSUs under the 2021 Equity Plan to Company officers to incentivize their performance and continue to align their interests with the Company s shareholders. All these awards are subjected to performance conditions through December 31, 2024. The grant date fair value for these RSUs was based on the closing share price of as of May 11, 2022. If the maximum performance is met, the Company will issue an additional RSUs under these awards with a grant date fair value of . As of September 30, 2024, all RSUs were canceled and of them were vested. 
 In May 2022, the Company issued RSUs to its independent directors under the 2021 Equity Plan as compensation award. All these awards are subjected to performance conditions through December 31, 2024 . The fair value for these RSUs was based on the closing share price of as of May 17, 2022. As of September 30, 2024 , of these RSUs were vested. 
 In March 2023, the Company issued RSUs under the 2021 Equity Plan to Company officers to incentivize their performance and continue to align their interests with the Company s shareholders. All these awards are subjected to performance conditions through December 31, 2025. The grant date fair value for these RSUs was based on the closing share price of as of March 29, 2023. If the maximum performance is met, the Company will issue an additional RSUs under these awards with a grant date fair value of . As of September 30, 2024, of these RSUs were vested. 
 In March 2023 , the Company issued RSUs to its independent directors under the 2021 Equity Plan as compensation award. All these awards are subjected to performance conditions through December 31, 2025. The grant date fair value for these RSUs was based on the closing share price of as of March 29, 2023 . As of September 30, 2024 , of these RSUs were vested. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 RSUs under the 2021 Equity Plan to the Company s directors, officers and employees. All these awards are subjected to performance conditions through December 31, 2026. The grant date fair value for these RSUs was based on the closing share price of as of March 22, 2024. If the maximum performance is met, the Company will issue an additional RSUs under these awards with a grant date fair value of . As of September 30, 2024 , of these RSUs were vested. 
 In April 2024, the Company issued RSUs under the 2021 Equity Plan to one of the Company s employees. This award is subject to performance obligations through December 31, 2024. The grant date fair value for these RSUs was based on the closing share price of as of April 1, 2024. If the maximum performance is met, the Company will issue an additional RSUs under these awards with a grant date fair value of . As of September 30, 2024 , of these RSUs were vested. 
 Granted Vested ) Canceled ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2023 Granted Vested ) Canceled Non-vested as of September 30, 2024 
 The following is a summary of the status of restricted shares as of September 30, 2024: 
 Outstanding Restricted Shares Fair Value per share Number Average Remaining Amortization Period (Years) 
 Share options Options 
 In March 2022, the Company issued share options under the 2021 Equity Plan with an exercise price per share of and a contractual life of years to the Company s executive officers and directors to incentivize their performance and continue to align their interests with the Company s shareholders. The grant date fair value for these options was determined using the Black-Scholes simplified method at the per option fair value of . All these options will vest as to one-third of the options on the anniversary of the grant date. The remaining options will vest in a series of successive equal monthly installments upon completion of each additional month of service. As of September 30, 2024, of these granted options were vested. 
 In April 2022, the Company issued share options under the 2021 Equity Plan with an exercise price per share of and a contractual life of years to the Company s employees to incentivize their performance and continue to align their interests with the Company s shareholders. The grant date fair value for these options was determined using the Black-Scholes simplified method at the per option fair value of . All these options will vest as to one-third of the shares on the anniversary of the grant date. The remaining options will vest in a series of successive 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 of these granted options were vested. 
 In May 2022, the Company issued share options under the 2021 Equity Plan with an exercise price per share of and a contractual life of years to Company officers to incentivize their performance and continue to align their interests with the Company s shareholders. The fair value for these options was determined using the Black-Scholes simplified method at the per option fair value of . The number of options granted were subject to performance conditions through December 31, 2022, which could result in additional options awarded if maximum performance metrics were met. In addition to the performance criteria, the options vest as to one-third of the shares on the anniversary of the grant date. The remaining options will vest in a series of successive equal monthly installments upon completion of each additional month of service, commencing on the grant date. The options paid out at threshold under the performance metrics, and no additional options were awarded. As of September 30, 2024, of these granted options were vested. 
 In March 2023, the Company issued share options under the 2021 Equity Plan with an exercise price per share of and a contractual life of years to Company officers to incentivize their performance and continue to align their interests with the Company s shareholders. The grant date fair value for these options was determined using the Black-Scholes simplified method at the per option fair value of . All these options are subjected to performance conditions through December 31, 2023, which could result in additional options awarded if maximum performance metrics are met. In addition to the performance criteria, the options will vest as to one-third of the shares on the anniversary of the grant date. The remaining options will vest in a series of successive equal monthly installments upon completion of each additional month of service, commencing on the grant date. As of September 30, 2024, all options were canceled and of them were vested. 
 In March 2024, the Company issued share options under the 2021 Equity Plan with an exercise price per share of and a contractual life of years to Company officers to incentivize their performance and continue to align their interests with the Company s shareholders. The grant date fair value for these options was determined using the Black-Scholes simplified method at the per option fair value of . All these options are subjected to performance conditions through December 31, 2024, which could result in additional options awarded if maximum performance metrics are met. In addition to the performance criteria, the options will vest as to one-third of the shares on the anniversary of the grant date. The remaining options will vest in a series of successive equal monthly installments upon completion of each additional month of service, commencing on the grant date. As of September 30, 2024 , of these granted options were vested. 
 In April 2024, the Company issued share options under the 2021 Equity Plan with an exercise price per share of and a contractual life of years to the Company s employees to incentivize their performance and continue to align their interests with the Company s shareholders. The grant date fair value for these options was determined using the Black-Scholes simplified method at the per option fair value of . All these options will vest as to one-third of the shares on the anniversary of the grant date. The remaining options will vest in a series of successive equal monthly installments upon completion of each additional month of service. As of September 30, 2024, of these granted options were vested. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Granted Forfeited N/A N/A N/A N/A Exercised N/A N/A N/A N/A Expired N/A N/A N/A N/A Share options outstanding at September 30, 2024 Vested and exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the total fair value of options awarded was and , respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the difference between the exercise price of the awards and the fair value of the underlying Ordinary Shares at each reporting date, for those awards that had exercise price below the estimated fair value of the relevant Ordinary Shares. 
 Fair value of options 
 The Company used the Black-Scholes simplified method for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Expected volatility range ) Fair market value per ordinary share as at grant dates 
 The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for a term consistent with the contractual term of the awards. Expected volatility is estimated based on the volatility of ordinary shares or common stock of several comparable companies in the same industry. The expected exercise multiple is based on management s estimation, which the Company believes is representative of the future. 
 The Company has elected to recognize share-based compensation expense using a straight-line method for all the employee equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service conditions, provided that the amount of compensation cost recognized at any date is at least equal to the portion of the grant date fair value of the equity awards that are vested at that date. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses Total share-based compensation expenses 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was in total unrecognized employee share-based compensation expense related to unvested options and RSUs, which may be adjusted for actual forfeitures occurring in the future. Total unrecognized compensation cost may be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Note 11) ) ) ) Outside United States Total pre-tax (loss) income ) ) Provision for income taxes Current Federal ) ) ) State Foreign Deferred Federal ) ) ) ) State ) ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes ) 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Increase (decrease) in tax rate resulting from: State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Foreign operations ) Permanent items ) Deferred adjustments ) Others Effective tax rate 
 Other reserve Accrued expenses Lease liability Charitable contributions Business interest limitation Net operating loss federal Net operating loss state Other Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Fixed assets Intangibles ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities 
 The deferred tax assets related to the Company s net operating losses of (Federal and States and (Federal and States as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Federal Net Operating losses have no expiration date. The States Net Operating losses have either years or no expiration date. The Company had material unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2024 or, December 31, 2023. The Company has not taken any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase within the next 12 months. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Note 12 
 
 Purchases from related parties 
 Name of Related Party Relationship Nature of Transactions For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 USD USD USD USD Focal Capital Holding Limited An entity under common control Purchase Foremost Worldwide Co., Ltd. An entity under common control Purchase Rizhao Foremost Woodwork Manufacturing Co., Ltd. An entity under common control Purchase F.P.Z. Furniture (Cambodia) Co., Ltd. An entity under common control Purchase Foremost Australasia Pty Ltd An entity under common control Purchase 
 The ending balance of such transactions as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are listed of the following: 
 Prepayments related parties 
 Name of Related Party As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 USD USD Focal Capital Holding Limited Rizhao Foremost Woodwork Manufacturing Co., Ltd. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Shared Service and Miscellaneous expenses related party 
 FGI Industries is party to the FHI Shared Services Agreement with FHI. Total amounts provided to FHI under the FHI Share Services Agreement were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were booked under selling and distribution expenses and administration expenses. 
 FGI is party to the Worldwide Shared Services Agreement with Foremost Worldwide. Total amounts provided from Foremost Worldwide under the Worldwide Shared Services Agreement were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Foremost Worldwide Co., Ltd. An entity under common control Shared services and Miscellaneous expenses ) ) Focal Capital Holding Limited An entity under common control Shared services and Miscellaneous expenses ) F.P.Z. Furniture (Cambodia) Co., Ltd. An entity under common control Shared services and Miscellaneous expenses ) 
 Loan guarantee by a related party 
 Liang Chou Chen holds approximately of the voting control of Foremost, the Company s majority shareholder and is a guarantor of the loans under the Credit Agreement and under the CTBC Credit Line. See Note 8 for details. 
 
 Note 13 
 was maintained at financial institutions in the United States, of which USD was subject to credit risk. The Canadian Deposit Insurance Corporation pays compensation up to a limit of CAD100,000 (approximately USD73,000) if the bank with 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 (USD was maintained at financial institutions in Canada, of which CAD (USD was subject to credit risk. The Taiwan Central Deposit Insurance Corporation pays compensation up to a limit of New Taiwan Dollar 3,000,000 (approximately USD93,000) if the bank with which an individual/a company holds its eligible deposit fails. As of September 30, 2024, an aggregated cash balance of USD was maintained at financial institutions in Taiwan, of which USD was subject to credit risk. The European Banking Authority pays compensation up to a limit of EUR100,000 (approximately USD112,000) if the bank with which an individual/a company holds its eligible deposit fails. As of September 30, 2024, cash balance of EUR (USD was maintained at financial institutions in Europe, of which EUR (USD was subject to credit risk. As of September 30, 2024, cash balance of USD was maintained at financial institutions in Kingdom of Cambodia, all of which was subject to credit risk. The Australian Prudential Regulation Authority pays compensation up to a limit of AUD250,000 (approximately USD172,592) if the bank with which an individual/a company holds its eligible deposit fails. As of September 30, 2024, cash balance of AUD (USD was maintained at financial institutions in Australia, of which AUD (USD was subject to credit risk. The Reserve Bank of India pays compensation up to a limit of INR500,000 (approximately USD5,973) if the bank with which an individual/a company holds its eligible deposit fails. As of September 30, 2024, cash balance of INR (USD was maintained at financial institutions in India, of which INR (USD was subject to credit risk. While management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality, it also continually monitors their credit worthiness. 
 The Company is also exposed to risk from its accounts receivable and other receivables. These assets are subjected to credit evaluations. An allowance has been made for estimated unrecoverable amounts which have been determined by reference to past default experience and the current economic environment. 
 Customer concentration risk 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, two customers accounted for and of the Company s total revenue, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, three customers accounted for , and of the Company s total revenue, respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, two customers accounted for and of the Company s total revenue, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, two customers accounted for and of the Company s total revenue, respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, three customers accounted for , and of the total balance of accounts receivable, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, four customers accounted for , , and of the total balance of accounts receivable, respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Vendor concentration risk 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, Tangshan Huida Ceramic Group Co., Ltd Huida accounted for of the Company s total purchases, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, Huida accounted for of the Company s total purchases, respectively. No other supplier accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total purchases for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Tangshan Huida Ceramic Group Co., Ltd Huida accounted for of the Company s total purchases. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Huida and another vendor accounted for and of the Company s total purchases, respectively. No other supplier accounted for more than 10 of the Company s total purchases for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, Huida accounted for of the total balance of accounts payable. As of December 31, 2023, Huida accounted for of the total balance of accounts payable. No other supplier accounted for more than 10 of the Company s accounts payable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Note 14 
 
 Note 15 
 reporting segment. The Company s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the chief executive officer, who reviews consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Company, and hence the Company has only reportable segment. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The disclosures in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are complementary to those made in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26, 2024 (the 2023 Form 10-K ). You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and related notes appearing in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as our audited financial statements, notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our 2023 Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and of our 2023 Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. All amounts in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are approximate. 
 
 Overview 
 FGI is a global supplier of kitchen and bath products. Over the course of 30 years, we have built an industry-wide reputation for product innovation, quality, and excellent customer service. We are currently focused on the following product categories: sanitaryware (primarily toilets, sinks, pedestals and toilet seats), bath furniture (vanities, mirrors and cabinets), shower systems, customer kitchen cabinetry and other accessory items. These products are sold primarily for R R activity and, to a lesser extent, new home or commercial construction. We sell our products through numerous partners, including mass retail centers, wholesale and commercial distributors, online retailers and specialty stores. 
 Consistent with our long-term strategic plan, we intend to drive value creation for our shareholders through a balanced focus on product innovation, organic growth, and efficient capital deployment. The following initiatives represent key strategic priorities for us: 
 Commitment to product innovation. We have a history of being an innovator in the kitchen and bath markets and developing on-trend products and bringing them to market ahead of the competition. We have developed deep marketing skills, leading design capabilities, and product development expertise. A recent example of our innovative product development includes the Jetcoat shower wall systems, which offer a stylized design option without the fuss of messy grout. We expect to continue to invest in research and development to drive product innovation in 2024. 
 BPC (Brands, Products, Channels) strategy to drive above-market organic growth. We have continued to invest in our BPC strategy despite the market challenges, which is expected to drive improved organic growth in the longer term. We recently announced that we entered into a 5-year licensing agreement that will provide us access to an industry leading overflow toilet technology. We will continue to market this technology as FlushGuard Overflow Technology. During the fourth quarter of 2023, we were awarded product placements at several large customers, including two of the largest commercial distributors in North America. In addition, we continue to focus on our initiatives to expand geographically, with recently signed agreements providing entry into India, Eastern Europe and the UK. 
 Enhanced margin performance. We generated gross margin of 27.7 in the first nine months of 2024, up from 26.7 in the same period last year, owing to the ongoing shift to higher margin products. During the remainder of 2024, we expect gross margins to remain consistent with those generated during fiscal year 2023. 
 Efficient capital deployment. We will continue to prioritize capital deployment in support of organic growth opportunities, while continuing to evaluate strategic M A opportunities. With total liquidity of 16.3 million as of September 30, 2024, the Company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to fund its organic growth strategy. 
 Deep manufacturing partners and customer relationships. We have developed strong manufacturing and sourcing partners over the last 30+ years, which we believe will continue to give us a competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We also have deep relationships with an established global customer base, offering end-to-end solutions to support category growth. While recent supply chain and inflation pressures have been a headwind, our durable partnerships with manufacturing and sourcing partners have helped to mitigate these challenges. 
 We were incorporated in the Cayman Islands on May 26, 2021 in connection with a reorganization (the Reorganization of our parent company, Foremost Groups Ltd. Foremost ), and its affiliates, pursuant to which, among other actions, Foremost contributed all of its equity interests in FGI Industries Inc. FGI Industries ), FGI Europe 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Limited, an entity formed in the British Virgin Islands, and FGI International, Limited, an entity formed under the laws of Hong Kong, each a wholly-owned subsidiary of Foremost, to the newly formed FGI Industries Ltd. Foremost was established in 1987 and has become a global leader in kitchen and bath design, indoor and outdoor furniture, food service equipment, and manufacturing. This discussion, and any financial information and results of operations discussed herein, refers to the assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and cash flows that are directly attributable to the kitchen and bath business of Foremost before the completion of the Reorganization and are presented as if we had been in existence and the Reorganization had been in effect for the entirely of each of the periods presented. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes the results of our operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and provides information regarding the dollar and percentage increase (decrease) during such periods. 
 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Percentage USD Revenue 36,099,179 29,932,612 6,166,567 20.6 Cost of revenue 26,790,957 22,103,325 4,687,632 21.2 Gross profit 9,308,222 7,829,287 1,478,935 18.9 Selling and distribution expenses 6,284,932 4,572,593 1,712,339 37.4 General and administrative expenses 2,637,141 2,351,307 285,834 12.2 Research and development expenses 451,975 423,697 28,278 6.7 Income from operations (65,826) 481,690 (547,516) (113.7) Operating margins ) (0.2) 1.6 (180) bps Total other (expenses) income, net (364,885) 34,318 (399,203) (1163.2) Provision for income taxes 267,537 172,516 95,021 55.1 Net (loss) income (698,248) 343,492 (1,041,740) (303.3) Net (loss) income attributable to FGI Industries Ltd. shareholders (550,137) 409,535 (959,672) (234.3) Adjusted income from operations (1) 
 55,663 603,179 (547,516) (90.8) Adjusted operating margins ) (1) 
 0.2 2.0 (180) bps Adjusted net (loss) income attributable to FGI Industries Ltd. shareholders (1) 
 (105,451) 588,791 (694,242) (117.9) 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Amount Percentage USD 
 USD 
 USD Revenue 96,223,647 86,284,791 9,938,856 11.5 Cost of revenue 69,538,640 63,242,944 6,295,696 10.0 Gross profit 26,685,007 23,041,847 3,643,160 15.8 Selling and distribution expenses 18,676,665 14,084,200 4,592,465 32.6 General and administrative expenses 7,542,019 6,746,055 795,964 11.8 Research and development expenses 1,303,445 1,152,554 150,891 13.1 Income from operations (837,122) 1,059,038 (1,896,160) (179.0) Operating margins ) (0.9) 1.2 (210) bps Total other expenses, net (430,989) (533,849) 102,860 (19.3) (Benefit of) provision for income taxes (8,589) 396,591 (405,180) (102.2) Net (loss) income (1,259,522) 128,598 (1,388,120) (1079.4) Net (loss) income attributable to FGI Industries Ltd. shareholders (798,761) 194,641 (993,402) (510.4) Adjusted (loss) income from operations (1) 
 (472,655) 1,473,506 (1,946,161) (132.1) Adjusted operating margins ) (1) 
 (0.5) 1.7 (220) bps Adjusted net (loss) income attributable to FGI Industries Ltd. shareholders (1) 
 (280,227) 836,562 (1,116,789) (133.5) 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Measures below for more information on our use of these adjusted figures and a reconciliation of these financial measures to their closest U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP comparators. 
 Revenue 
 Our revenue increased by 6.2 million, or 20.6 , to 36.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 29.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our revenue increased by 9.9 million, or 11.5 , to 96.2 million from 86.3 million for the same period last year. The increase in our revenue was primarily driven by increases in sales of shower system, bath furniture and custom kitchen cabinetry. 
 Revenue categories by product are summarized as follow: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Percentage 2023 Percentage Percentage USD USD Sanitaryware 21,451,387 59.4 20,740,380 69.3 3.4 Bath Furniture 4,162,291 11.5 2,531,430 8.5 64.4 Shower System 7,143,283 19.8 4,931,437 16.5 44.9 Others 3,342,218 9.3 1,729,365 5.7 93.3 Total 36,099,179 100.0 29,932,612 100.0 20.6 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Percentage 2023 Percentage Percentage USD USD Sanitaryware 59,303,663 61.6 54,949,082 63.7 7.9 Bath Furniture 11,282,623 11.7 12,304,688 14.3 (8.3) Shower System 18,793,999 19.5 14,248,679 16.5 31.9 Others 6,843,362 7.2 4,782,342 5.5 43.1 Total 96,223,647 100.0 86,284,791 100.0 11.5 
 We derive the majority of our revenue from sales of sanitaryware, which accounted for 59.4 and 61.6 of our total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 69.3 and 63.7 for the comparable periods of 2023. Revenue generated from the sales of sanitaryware increased by 3.4 to 21.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 20.7 million for same period of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, this revenue increased by 7.9 to 59.3 million from 54.9 million for the same period of 2023. The increase in revenue was due, in part, by a reversal of delayed shipments in the prior quarter stemming from our transition to a new enterprise software system and ocean freight disruptions. 
 Our revenue from bath furniture sales accounted for 11.5 and 11.7 of our total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 8.5 and 14.3 for the comparable periods of 2023. Bath Furniture sales increased by 64.4 to 4.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.5 million for the same period of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue from Bath Furniture sales decreased by 8.3 to 11.3 million from 12.3 million for the same period of 2023. Our recently launched mid-tier products to better address the current demand environment of trading down to lower priced offering is gaining traction. 
 Revenue from sales of Shower Systems made up approximately 19.8 and 19.5 of our total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 16.5 and 16.5 for the comparable periods of 2023. Revenue from sales of shower systems increased by 44.9 to 7.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.9 million for the comparable period of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue from sales of shower systems increased by 31.9 to 18.8 million from 14.2 million for the same period of 2023. Our recently launched programs continue to have a positive impact during the third quarter. 
 Our revenue from sales of other products (custom kitchen cabinetry and other small offerings) increased by 93.3 to 3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.7 million for the same period of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other revenue increased by 43.1 to 6.8 million from 4.8 million for the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily driven by volume growth resulting from continued strength in sales of the Covered Bridge custom-kitchen cabinetry businesses. 
 Revenue Categories by Geographic Location 
 We derive our revenue primarily from the United States, Canada and Europe. Revenue categories by geographic location are summarized as follows: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Percentage 2023 Percentage Percentage USD USD United States 22,195,976 61.5 18,356,278 61.3 20.9 Canada 9,916,907 27.5 9,081,571 30.3 9.2 Europe 3,418,826 9.5 2,460,762 8.2 38.9 Rest of World 567,470 1.5 34,001 0.2 1569.0 Total 36,099,179 100.0 29,932,612 100.0 20.6 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 Percentage 2023 Percentage Percentage USD USD United States 59,833,465 62.2 54,921,572 63.7 8.9 Canada 26,391,317 27.4 23,120,014 26.8 14.1 Europe 9,273,872 9.6 8,209,204 9.5 13.0 Rest of World 724,993 0.8 34,001 2032.3 Total 96,223,647 100.0 86,284,791 100.0 11.5 
 We generated the majority of our revenue in the United States market, which amounted to 22.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 18.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing a 20.9 increase for the three-month periods. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, however, revenue from United States market increased by 8.9 to 59.8 million, compared to 54.9 million for the same period of 2023. Such revenue accounted for 61.5 and 62.2 of our total revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 61.3 and 63.7 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase in revenue was due, in part, by a reversal of delayed shipments in the prior quarter stemming from our transition to a new enterprise software system and ocean freight disruptions. 
 Our second largest market is Canada. Our revenue generated in the Canadian market was 9.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 9.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing a 9.2 increase. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue from Canadian market increased by 14.1 to 26.4 million, compared to 23.1 million for the same period in 2023. The increased sales in the Canada market were primarily driven by stabilized demand from wholesale customers. 
 We also derive revenue from Europe, which consists primarily of sales in Germany. This amounted to 3.4 million and 9.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.5 million and 8.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, representing a 38.9 and 13.0 increase for the three-month and nine-month periods, respectively. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit was 9.3 million and 26.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 18.9 and 15.8 compared to the same periods of 2023. Gross profit margin was 25.8 and 27.7 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, down 40 and up 100 basis points from 26.2 and 26.7 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Selling and distribution expenses primarily consisted of personnel costs, marketing and promotion costs, commission, and freight and leasing charges. Our selling and distribution expenses increased by 1.7 million, or 37.4 , to 6.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and increased by 4.6 million, or 32.6 , to 18.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 14.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in selling and distribution expenses was largely attributable to increased personnel costs, marketing and promotion expenses and warehouse expenses as a result of inflation and our initiatives to drive sales growth. 
 General and administrative expenses primarily consisted of personnel costs, professional service fees, depreciation, travel, and office supply expenses. Our general and administrative expenses increased by 0.3 million, or 12.2 , to 2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and increased by 0.8 million, or 11.8 , to 7.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 6.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to inflation and expenses incurred in connection with newly formed subsidiaries. 
 Research and development expenses mainly consisted of personnel costs and product development costs. Our research and development activities remained stable and are relatively immaterial to our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income (Expenses) 
 Other income (expenses) represents interest income and expenses, as well as non-recurring non-operating gains and losses. Other expenses, net decreased as a result of proceeds received from a settlement agreement and gains from foreign currency transactions. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 We recorded provision for income taxes of 0.3 million and benefit of income taxes of approximately 9,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and provision for income taxes of 0.2 million and 0.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The fluctuation in effective tax rate was primarily driven by foreign operations with various tax rates and non-deductible items. 
 Net (Loss) Income 
 We incurred net loss of 0.7 million and net income of 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and net loss of 1.3 million and net income of 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These changes had resulted from the combination of the changes discussed above. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash generated from operating activities and cash borrowed under credit facilities, which we believe provides sufficient liquidity to support our financing needs. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and working capital of 3.0 million and 12.7 million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we drew an aggregate of approximately 5.5 million on the Credit Agreement, the Canadian Revolver and the CTBC Credit Line for working capital replenishment. 
 We believe our revenue and operations will continue to grow and the current working capital is sufficient to support our operations and debt obligations well into the foreseeable future. However, we may need additional cash resources in the future if we experience changes in business conditions or other developments, such as rising interest rates, inflation and increased costs, and may also need additional cash resources in the future if we wish to pursue opportunities for investment, acquisition, strategic cooperation or other similar actions. For example, from time to time we may provide loans or other operational support to Foremost to assist Foremost in capital expenditures or other efforts related to the manufacturing services that Foremost provides to us, which could limit the assets available for other corporate purposes or require additional resources. If it is determined that the cash requirements exceed our amount of cash on hand, we may seek to issue debt or equity securities, and there can be no assurances that additional financing will be available on acceptable term, if at all. 
 As of September 30, 2024, FGI s total outstanding debt consisted of the Credit Agreement with East West Bank and the CTBC Credit Line with CTBC Bank (each discussed below). 
 East West Bank Credit Facility 
 Our wholly owned subsidiary, FGI Industries, has a line of credit with East West Bank pursuant to a Business Loan Agreement (the Credit Agreement with East West Bank, which is collateralized by all of the assets of FGI Industries and personally guaranteed by Liang Chou Chen, who holds approximately 49.89 of the voting control of Foremost. On November 25, 2022, the Credit Agreement was amended and restated with a maximum borrowing amount of 18,000,000 and a maturity date of December 21, 2024. 
 Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, FGI Industries is required to maintain (a) a debt coverage ratio (defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization divided by current portion of long-term debt plus interest expense) of not less than 1.25 to 1, tested at the end of each fiscal quarter; (b) an effective tangible net worth (defined as total book net worth plus minority interest, less amounts due from officers, shareholders and affiliates, minus intangible assets and accumulated amortization, plus debt subordinated to East West Bank) of not less than 10,000,000 for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and thereafter, on a consolidated basis; and (c) a total debt to tangible net worth ratio (defined as total liabilities divided by tangible net worth, which is defined as total book net worth plus minority interest, less loans to officers, shareholders, and affiliates minus intangible assets and accumulated amortization) not to exceed 4.0 to 1, tested at the end of each fiscal quarter, on a consolidated basis. As of September 30, 2024, FGI Industries was in compliance with this financial covenant. As described in Item 1. Note 8, FGI Industries is also required to provide the lender with certain 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 periodic financial information, including annual audited financial statements of FGI Industries on a non-consolidated basis. As of the date of this report, FGI Industries has obtained a waiver for such Corporate Borrower s Audited Annual Statements, a U.S. standalone reporting obligation under the Credit Agreement, which were due by April 30, 2024. 
 The loan bears interest rate equal to, at the Company s option, either (i) 0.25 percentage points less than the Prime Rate quoted by the Wall Street Journal or (ii) the SOFR Rate (as administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited and displayed by Bloomberg LP) plus 2.20 per annum (in either case, subject to a minimum rate of 4.500 per annum) . The interest rate as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 w as 7.75 and 8.25 , resp ectively. 
 Each sum of borrowings under the Credit Agreement is deemed due on demand and is classified as a short-term loan. The outstanding balance of such loan was 9,161,641 and 6,959,175 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 HSBC Canada Bank Loan 
 FGI Canada Ltd. has a line of credit agreement with HSBC Canada (the Canadian Revolver ). The revolving line of credit with HSBC Canada allows for borrowing up to CAD7,500,000 (USD5,474,453 as of September 30, 2024). This is an assets-based line of credit, the borrowing limit is calculated based on certain percentage of accounts receivable and inventory balances. Pursuant to the Canadian Revolver, FGI Canada Ltd. is required to maintain (a) a debt to tangible net worth ratio of no more than 3.00 to 1.00; and (b) a ratio of current assets to current liabilities of at least 1.25 to 1.00. The loan bears interest at a rate of Prime rate plus 0.50 . As of September 30, 2024, FGI Canada Ltd. was not in compliance with certain financial covenants in the Canadian Revolver related to its debt to tangible net worth ratio. As of the date of this quarterly report, FGI Canada Ltd. has requested a waiver from the lender, which is being processed by the lender. In the absence of an executed waiver, the Company has classified the outstanding balance of the loan as a current liability on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. The Company has sufficient liquidity to repay the loan in full if immediate settlement were required. 
 Borrowings under this line of credit amounted to 1,026,392 and 0 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The facility matures at the discretion of HSBC Canada upon 60 days notice. 
 FGI Canada Ltd. also has a revolving foreign exchange facility up to a permitted maximum of USD3,000,000. The advances are available to purchase foreign exchange forward contracts from time to time up to six months, subject to an overall maximum aggregate USD Equivalent outstanding face value not exceeding the Foreign Exchange Facility Limit. 
 CTBC Credit Facility 
 On January 25, 2024, FGI International entered into an omnibus credit line (the CTBC Credit Line with CTBC Bank Co., Ltd. CTBC ). Under the CTBC Credit Line, FGI International may borrow, from time to time, up to 2.3 million, with borrowings limited to 90 of FGI International s export open account trade receivables. The CTBC Credit Line will bear interest at a rate of Base Rate , which is based on monthly or quarterly Taipei Interbank Offered in effect from time to time, plus 120 base points and handling fees, unless otherwise agreed to by the parties. The CTBC Credit Line is unsecured and is fully guaranteed by the Company and partially guaranteed by Liang Chou Chen. Borrowings under this line of credit amounted to 2,297,464 and 0 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the key components of our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 USD USD Net cash used in operating activities (8,042,745) (1,986,964) Net cash used in investing activities (2,044,264) (883,054) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 5,526,322 (1,832,849) Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash (171,892) 5,386 Net changes in cash (4,732,579) (4,697,481) Cash, beginning of period 7,777,241 10,067,428 Cash, end of period 3,044,662 5,369,947 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was approximately 8.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and was primarily attributable to an increase in prepayments and other receivables - related parties of approximately 6.0 million, an increase in inventories of approximately 3.9 million, an increase in accounts receivable of approximately 3.8 million, a decrease in operating lease liabilities of approximately 1.4 million, net loss of 1.3 million , a decrease in accounts payable - related parties of approximately 0.7 million, and an increase in other noncurrent assets of approximately 0.6 million. These drivers were partially offset by non-cash items of 2.2 million, an increase in accounts payable of approximately 5.7 million, an increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities of approximately 1.1 million, and a decrease in prepayments and other current assets of approximately 0.8 million. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was approximately 2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and was primarily attributable to an increase in prepayments and other receivables - related parties of approximately 5.4 million , an increase in accounts receivable of approximately 1.6 million , an increase in prepayments and other current assets of approximately 1.3 million , a decrease in operating lease liabilities of approximately 0.9 million , and a decrease in accounts payable of approximately 0.7 million . These drivers were partially offset by non-cash items of 0.9 million , a decrease in inventories of approximately 3.7 million , an increase in accounts payable - related parties of approximately 2.4 million , and a decrease in other noncurrent assets of 0.6 million . 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 2.0 million and 0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was attributable to the purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately 5.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 which represents net proceeds from bank loans. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was approximately 1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which represents net repayment of bank loans. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Our capital expenditures were incurred primarily in connection with the acquisition of property and equipment. Our capital expenditures amounted to 2.0 million and 0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We do not expect to incur significant capital expenditures in the immediate future. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements including arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital resources, market risk support and credit risk support or other benefits. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Accounting Estimates 
 A discussion of our critical accounting policies and significant accounting estimates is included in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Form 10-K. The preparation of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of some assets and liabilities and, in some instances, the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the applicable reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. Changes in estimates are recorded in results of operations in the period that the events or circumstances giving rise to such changes occur. Within the context of these critical accounting estimates, we are not currently aware of any reasonably likely events or circumstances that would result in different policies or estimates being reported for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of significant accounting policies in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measures 
 In addition to the measures presented in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, we use the following non-GAAP measures to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business and assist us in making strategic decisions. Our non-GAAP measures are: Adjusted Income from Operations, Adjusted Operating Margins and Adjusted Net Income. These non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP. They are supplemental financial measures of our performance only, and should not be considered substitutes for net income, income from operations or any other measure derived in accordance with GAAP and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other entities. 
 We define Adjusted Income from Operations as GAAP income from operations excluding the impact of certain non-recurring expenses, including IPO-related compensation (cash and stock-based), legal fees and business expansion expenses. We define Adjusted Net Income as GAAP income before income taxes excluding the impact of certain non-recurring expenses and income, such as IPO-related compensation, legal fees and business expansion expenses, income taxes at historical average effective rate, as well as net income attributable to non-controlling shareholders. We define Adjusted Operating Margins as adjusted income from operations divided by revenue. 
 We use these non-GAAP measures, along with GAAP measures, to evaluate our business, measure our financial performance and profitability and our ability to manage expenses, after adjusting for certain one-time expenses, identify trends affecting our business and assist us in making strategic decisions. We believe these non-GAAP measures, when reviewed in conjunction with GAAP financial measures, and not in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results of operations under GAAP, are useful to investors as they are widely used measures of performance and the adjustments we make to these non-GAAP measures provide investors further insight into our profitability and additional perspectives in comparing our performance over time on a consistent basis. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles Income from Operations to Adjusted Income from Operations and Adjusted Operating Margins, as well as Net income to Adjusted Net Income for the periods presented. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 USD USD USD USD (Loss) income from operations (65,826) 481,690 (837,122) 1,059,038 Adjustments: Non-recurring IPO-related stock-based compensation 59,719 59,719 179,157 179,156 IPO and arbitration legal fee 50,000 Business expansion expense 61,770 61,770 185,310 185,312 Adjusted (loss) income from operations 55,663 603,179 (472,655) 1,473,506 Revenue 36,099,179 29,932,612 96,223,647 86,284,791 Adjusted operating margins ) 0.2 2.0 (0.5) 1.7 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 USD USD USD USD (Loss) income before income taxes (430,711) 516,008 (1,268,111) 525,189 Adjustments: Non-recurring IPO-related stock-based compensation 59,719 59,719 179,157 179,156 IPO and arbitration legal fee 50,000 Business expansion expense 61,770 61,770 185,310 185,312 Adjusted (loss) income before income taxes (309,222) 637,497 (903,644) 939,657 Less: income taxes at 18 rate (55,660) 114,749 (162,656) 169,138 Less: net loss attributable to non-controlling shareholders (148,111) (66,043) (460,761) (66,043) Adjusted net (loss) income (105,451) 588,791 (280,227) 836,562 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means our controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our Chief 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 
 Evaluation of the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 because of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 Identified Material Weakness 
 Management noted that there is an inadequate segregation of duties related to certain accounting functions due to the size of the Company s subsidiaries. In addition, the Company lacks evidence of management review controls activity taking place, such as but not limited to, the review and approval of journal entries and account reconciliations. 
 Accordingly, the Company concluded that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company s internal controls. 
 Management s Remediation Initiatives 
 As of September 30, 2024, and through the date of this filing we are in the process of implementing segregation of duties and are determining further initiatives to undertake in order to remediate this remaining material weakness and anticipate that these initiatives will be implemented by the end of fiscal year 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than as described above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II- OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 We may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We cannot predict the results of any such disputes, and despite the potential outcomes, the existence thereof may have an adverse material impact on us due to diversion of management time and attention as well as the financial costs related to resolving such disputes. 
 Ayers Bath Litigation 
 As previously disclosed, FGI Industries (formerly known as Foremost Groups, Inc.), our wholly-owned subsidiary, was involved in litigation arising from its efforts to protect an exclusivity agreement with sanitaryware manufacturer Tangshan Huida Ceramic Group Co., Ltd. Huida through the second quarter of 2024. In June 2024, the parties entered into a settlement agreement with a mutual release of all claims related to the litigation. The settlement amount is reflected in other income (expenses), net. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, includes a detailed discussion of our risk factors. At the time of this filing, except as provided below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors that were included in the Form 10-K. 
 If we fail to meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, it could result in a delisting of our ordinary shares. 
 If we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock. Under the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, if the bid price of our common stock were to close below the required minimum 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days, we may receive a deficiency notice from Nasdaq regarding our failure to comply with Nasdaq 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Marketplace Rule 5550(a)(2). If we receive such a notice, pursuant to Marketplace Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we may become subject to a period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2). If at any time the bid price of our common stock closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, we will regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2). 
 The per share price of our ordinary shares has fluctuated significantly and has been below 1.00 per share. Our stock price may not close at or above 1.00 per share and if the price remains below 1.00 per share, our stock could become subject to delisting. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we can provide no assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with the listing requirements of Nasdaq. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 
 On January 27, 2022, we closed our initial public offering IPO of 2,500,000 units Units ), each consisting of (i) one ordinary share, 0.0001 par value per share (the Shares ), and (ii) one warrant (the Warrants entitling the holder to purchase one Share at an exercise price of 6.00 per Share. The Warrants are immediately exercisable upon issuance and are exercisable for a period of five years after the issuance date. The Shares and Warrants were issued separately in the IPO, and may be transferred separately immediately upon issuance. The underwriters exercised in full their option to purchase up to an additional 375,000 Warrants. The Units were sold at a price of 6.00 per Unit, and the net proceeds from the IPO were approximately 12.4 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 1.1 million and offering expenses of approximately 1.5 million payable by us. No payments for such expenses were made directly or indirectly to (i) any of our officers or directors or their associates, (ii) any persons owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities or (iii) any of our affiliates. 
 In connection with the IPO, we issued to the representative of the underwriters a warrant to purchase an aggregate of 50,000 Shares. The Benchmark Company acted as lead book-running manager, and Northland Capital Markets acted as joint book-running manager. The offer and sale of the shares were registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act on a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-259457), which was declared effective on January 24, 2022. 
 There has been no material change in the expected use of the net proceeds from our IPO as described in our final prospectus, dated January 24, 2022, filed with the SEC on January 26, 2022, pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act and our Post-Effective Amendment No.1 to Form S-1 filed on April 7, 2022. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 Trading Plans 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, no director or executive officer , modified or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement", as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of FGI Industries Ltd., effective January 27, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2022) . 
 31.1 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. 
 101 The following material from FGI Industries Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 _________________________________________________ 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: November 13, 2024 
 FGI Industries Ltd. By: /s/ David Bruce David Bruce Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Perry Lin Perry Lin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fgi-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, David Bruce, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FGI Industries Ltd. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) N A 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s David Bruce David Bruce Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fgi-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, Perry Lin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of FGI Industries Ltd. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) N A 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s Perry Lin Perry Lin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 fgi-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of FGI Industries Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, to which this certification is being filed as of the date hereof as an exhibit thereto (the Report ), I, David Bruce, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Perry Lin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (a) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 (b) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 13, 2024 
 s David Bruce David Bruce Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 s Perry Lin Perry Lin Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 fgi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fgi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 fgi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 fgi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 fgi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

