<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241204_10-K-A_edgar_data_1843656_0001477932-24-007837.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5229262</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140598</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>985263</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1178990</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1218318</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1591683</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007837.hdr.sgml : 20241204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241204163527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007837
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Royalty Management Holding Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001843656
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40233
		FILM NUMBER:		241526649

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12115 VISIONARY WAY SUITE 174
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3173185737

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12115 VISIONARY WAY SUITE 174
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Acquisition Opportunity Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007837.txt : 20241204

10-K/A
 1
 rmco_10ka.htm
 FORM 10-K/A

rmco_10ka.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Amendment No. 1) (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) No. (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) ) Registrant's telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for at least the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter; . There were shares of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding on December 4, 2024. EXPLANATORY NOTE TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 3 PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 5 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 5 Item 2. Properties 5 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 5 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 5 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 6 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 8 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 9 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 12 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 13 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 14 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 14 Item 9B. Other Information 15 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 16 Item 11. Executive Compensation 23 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 24 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 25 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 27 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 28 Signatures 30 2 Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE On October 31, 2023, we consummated the business combination, or the Business Combination, contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, with RMC Sub Inc. Merger Sub ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of American Acquisition Opportunity Inc. AMAO ), a special purpose acquisition company, which is our predecessor, and Royalty Management Co. Legacy Royalty ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub was merged with and into Legacy Royalty, with Legacy Royalty surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of AMAO (the Business Combination ). Upon the closing of the Business Combination, AMAO changed its name to Royalty Management Holdings Co. with its Class A common stock continuing to be listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol RMCO, its warrants continuing to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbol RMCOW. Royalty Management Holding co. became the successor entity to AMAO pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). As used in this Report, unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, the company and Royalty refer to the consolidated operations of Royalty Holdings Co. and its subsidiaries. References to AMAO refer to the company prior to the consummation of the Business Combination and references to Legacy Royalty refer to Royalty Management Co. prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report on Form 10-K of Royalty Management Holding Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2023 contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. To the extent that such statements are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward looking statements which, by definition involve risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements under the Sections; Description of Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain forward looking statements. Where in any forward-looking statements, the Company expresses an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the statement of expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. The following are factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated and include but are not limited to: general economic, financial and business conditions; changes in tax laws; and the cost and effects of legal proceedings. You should not rely on forward looking statements in this annual report. This annual report contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We use words such as anticipates, believes, continue, could, estimate, expects, future, intends, may, might, plans, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions to identify these forward- looking statements. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this annual report. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. All references to we, us, our, RMCO Royalty , or the Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K mean Royalty Management Holding Corporation. We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 20, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses (a Business Combination ). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on companies in the land holdings and resources industry in the United States. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 4 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Because we are an Emerging Growth Company, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. We lease an office from an affiliated entity, Land Resources Royalties LLC (or LRR ), located in Hazard, Kentucky. We pay 250 a month, plus common charges, in rent with an initial lease term of 10 years. We sublease an office from an affiliated entity, American Resources Corporation (or ARC ), located in Fishers, Indiana. Historically, we have paid 2,143 a month in rent, but starting January 2024 that rent was lowered to 1,500 per month, with an initial lease term of 10 years. We lease land from an affiliated entity, LRR, located in Pike County, Kentucky. We pay 2,000 a month in rent with an initial lease term of 21 years. We lease land from an affiliated entity, LRR, located in Hamilton County, Indiana. We pay a minimum of 2,000 a month in rent or 20 of the immediately prior month s total monthly gross revenues from the lessee s operations. The initial lease term is 5 years. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 5 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information Our units, Class A common shares and warrants, are traded on The NASDAQ Capital Markets, LLC under the symbols RMCO and RMCOW, respectively. Upon our business combination, which became effective on October 31, 2023, our units commenced public trading on November 6, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, there were 342 shareholders of record of our common stock. This number includes one position at Cede Co., which includes an unknown number of shareholders holding shares of 94,261. The number of both shareholders of record and beneficial shareholders may change on a daily basis. Dividends Holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors and, in the event of liquidation, to share pro rata in any distribution of assets after payment of liabilities and preferred shareholders. Our Board of Directors has sole discretion to determine: (i) whether to declare a dividend; (ii) the dividend rate, if any, on the shares of any class of series of our capital stock, and if so, from which date or dates; and (iii) the relative rights of priority of payment of dividends, if any, between the various classes and series of our capital stock. We have not paid any dividends and do not have any current plans to pay any dividends. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Stock Performance Graph High Low Quarters ending in 2022 March 31 11.41 9.535 June 30 11.24 10.01 September 30 10.32 10.05 December 31 10.43 9.97 Quarters ending in 2023 March 31 10.37 10.15 June 30 10.30 10.18 September 30 10.92 10.31 December 31 11.19 1.59 6 Table of Contents Recent Sales of Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities None. Use of Proceeds None. Repurchases None. 7 Table of Contents ITEM 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA The registrant qualifies as a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1) and is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A describes the matters that we consider to be important to understanding the results of our operations for the one-year period ended December 31, 2023 and our capital resources and liquidity as of December 31, 2023. Use of the terms RMCO, the Company, we, us and our in this discussion refer to Royalty Management Holding Corporation and its subsidiaries. Our fiscal year begins on January 1 and ends on December 31. We analyze the results of our operations for the last year, including the trends in the overall business followed by a discussion of our cash flows and liquidity, our credit facility, and contractual commitments. We then provide a review of the critical accounting judgments and estimates that we have made that we believe are most important to an understanding of our MD A and our consolidated financial statements. We conclude our MD A with information on recent accounting pronouncements which we adopted during the year, as well as those not yet adopted that are expected to have an impact on our financial accounting practices. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Selected Consolidated Financial Data and our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, all included elsewhere herein. The forward-looking statements in this section and other parts of this document involve risks and uncertainties including statements regarding our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and financial performance. Our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of factors set forth under the caption Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 below. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company. Overview The following discussion and analysis of the company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on January 20, 2021, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, 2023 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2022. Revenues. Revenues for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were 488,519 and 178,800, respectively. The increase is due to a full year of revenues for our environmental services subsidiary as well as an increase in fee income due to full year of income in the respective investments. We generated non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in a trust account. 9 Table of Contents Expenses. Total Operating Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were 777,599 and 2,454,149, respectively. The main reason of the decrease to operating expenses were due to a large drop in impairment loss in 2023. Total Other Income and Expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were 807,971) and 430,156), respectively, mostly from interest income, income from investment, the fair value adjustments of warrant liabilities, convertible debt interest. The decrease was primarily due to less income from investment and other income in addition to the loss on warrant fair value adjustment. Financial Condition. Total Assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 amounted to 15,040,122 and 13,971,112, respectively. The increase in assets was due to increases in interest and fee income receivables in addition to additional investments in convertible notes receivables and two new operating leases. Total Liabilities as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 amounted to 3,926,242 and 4,299,261, respectively. The primary driver for the decrease in liability balance was the conversions of convertible notes payable at the time of business combination. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES On March 17, 2021, the initial stockholders purchased 2,875,000 shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate price of 25,000. On March 17, 2021, we consummated an initial public offering of 10,000,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000 (the Initial Public Offering ). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 3,800,000 Private Warrants to our initial stockholders generating gross proceeds of 3,800,000. Following the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Warrants, a total of 101,000,000 was placed in the trust account. We incurred 3,910,297 in Initial Public Offering related costs, including 3,500,000 of underwriting fees and 410,297 of other costs. For the period from its inception though June 30, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 618,833 mostly from administrative and due diligence costs. Cash generated from financing activities were 102,414,704 related to the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and sale of Private Warrants. On March 29, 2022, we had a trust redemption of 90,334,513, reducing the trust account balance to 15,788,742. The redemption was allowed under initial offering documents at the time of trust extension which was necessary because a business combination had not been completed. On September 28, 2022, we had a second trust redemption of 8,331,836. The redemption was allowed under initial offering documents at the time of trust extension. As of December 31, 2022 and October 31, 2023, the effective date of our Business Combination, the balance in the trust account was 7,613,762 and 0, respectively. 10 Table of Contents We intended to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2023, we have unrestricted cash of 195,486. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel (to the extent necessary and practicable) to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plan to obtain such resources for the Company include, obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition, profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. We are not aware of any trends or known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in material increases or decreases in liquidity. 11 Table of Contents OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS Administrative Services Arrangement The Company s Sponsor agreed, commencing from the date that the Company s securities are first listed on NASDAQ through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company agreed to pay the Sponsor 10,000 per month for these services. As of December 31, 2022 and October 31, 2023, the effective date of the Business Combination and termination of the services agreement, 120,000 and 0, respectively, has been paid under this agreement. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference into this MD A, describes the significant accounting policies we use in our Consolidated Financial Statements. An accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. Estimates are made under facts and circumstances at a point in time, and changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. The most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below. Warrant Liability The Company accounts for the Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40-15-7D and 7F under which the Warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, the Company classifies the Warrants as liabilities at their fair value and adjust the Warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. The Private Warrants and the Public Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the Public Warrant quoted market price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 This report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. Those statements include, but may not be limited to, all statements regarding our and management s intent, belief, expectations, such as statements concerning our future profitability and our operating and growth strategy. Words such as believe, anticipate, expect, will, may, should, intend, plan, estimate, predict, potential, continue, likely, would, could and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties including, without limitations, dependence on sales forecasts, changes in consumer demand, seasonality, impact of weather, competition, reliance on suppliers, risks inherent to international trade, changing retail trends, the loss or disruption of our manufacturing and distribution operations, cyber security breaches or disruption of our digital systems, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, economic changes, as well as other factors set forth under the caption Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other factors detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included herein will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. The Company qualifies as a smaller reporting company, as defined by SEC Rule 229.10(f)(1) and is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 12 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING COPRORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - 2023 F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheet F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-3 Consolidated Statements of Changes Stockholders' Equity F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Consolidated Notes to Financial Statements F-6 13 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Royalty Management Holding Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Royalty Management Holding Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Emphasis of a matter Going concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ CM3 Advisory (PCAOB ID December 3, 2024 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2024. F-1 Table of Contents ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS CURRENT ASSETS December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Cash Accounts Receivable Interest Receivable Fee Income Receivable Total Current Assets Investments in Corporations and LLCs Convertible Notes Receivable Notes Receivable Intangible Assets, Net Restricted Cash Tools, Machinery Equipment, Net Operating Lease Right-Of-Use Assets Total Non-Current Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts Payable Related Party Accounts Payable Current Portion of Operating Lease Liabilities, Net Current Portion of Notes Payable Deferred Income Accrued Expenses Total Current Liabilities Convertible Notes Payable, Net Notes Payable Related Party, Net Operating Lease Liabilities, Net Notes Payable Fair Value Liability of Public Warrants Fair Value Liability of Private Warrants Total Non-Current Liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 18) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred Stock: 0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding for 2023 and 2022 Class A Common Stock: par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding for 2023 and 2022 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Stockholders Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY The accompanying footnotes are integral to the consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Environmental Services Fee Income Rental Income TOTAL REVENUE Cost of Revenue GROSS PROFIT Amortization Expense Intangibles Depreciation Expense General and Administrative Professional Fees Impairment Loss Total Operating Expenses NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Interest Income Income from Investment Loss on Warrant Fair Value Adjustment Other Income Interest Expense Total Other Expense NET LOSS Weighted Average Shares Outstanding, Basic and Diluted Basic and Diluted Net Income Per Ordinary Share The accompanying footnotes are integral to the consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Retained Common Stock Additional Paid-In Earnings (Accumulated Total Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit) Equity Balance December 31, 2021 Shares Issued for Services Common Shares Issued for Purchase of Membership Interest Common Shares Issued for Conversion of Debt Common Shares Issued for Purchase of the Payment Rights Warrants Issued with Convertible Notes Net Loss Balance December 31, 2022 Shares Issued for Services Shares Forfeited for Services Shares Issued in Connection with Warrant and Note Conversions Shares Issued for Deferred Underwriter Fee Reverse Recapitalization on October 23,2023 Warrants Issued with Convertible Notes Net Loss Balance December 31, 2023 The accompanying footnotes are integral to the consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Cash flows from Operating Activities: Net Loss Adjustments to Reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Operations Amortization of Debt Discount Amortization Expense of Right of Use Assets Amortization of Intangibles Depreciation Issuance of Common Shares for Service Impairment Loss on Intangible Asset Fair Value Adjustment of Public Warrants Fair Value Adjustment of Private Warrants Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: Accounts Receivable Interest Receivable Fee Income Receivable Accounts Payable Related Party Accounts Payable Deferred Income Accrued Expenses Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Investments in Corporations and LLCs Investments in Convertible Notes Receivable Withdrawal (Investments) in Notes Receivable Purchases of Tools, Machinery Equipment Purchases of Intangible Assets Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from Reverse Capitalization Proceeds from Deferred Underwriter Fee Proceeds from Notes Payable Proceeds from Issuance of Convertible Notes Proceeds from Convertible Note Conversion Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net Change in Cash Cash Beginning of Year Cash End of Year Supplemental Information Discount on Convertible Notes Notes Receivable Intangible Assets Acquisition of Right of Use Assets for Lease Obligations Issuance of Common Shares for Purchase of Membership Interest Issuance of Common Shares for Conversion of Debt Cash Paid for Interest Cash Paid for Taxes The accompanying footnotes are integral to the consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING COPRORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2023 and 2022 Use of Estimates F-6 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) Related Party Policies Cash Equivalents and Concentration of Cash Balance . As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Restricted Cash in restricted cash that is at deposit with the Kentucky State Treasurer that serves as a performance bond required for a mining permit held by McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC. The following table sets forth a reconciliation of cash and restricted cash reported in the consolidated balance sheet that agrees to the total of those amounts as presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the periods ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. Restricted Cash Total cash and restricted cash presented in the statement of cash flows Allowance for Credit Losses . F-7 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) per share. Amortization expense of the debt discount for the convertible debt of and , which were included in interest expense of and 7 , for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Revenue Recognition Fee Income Rental Income Total Revenue Interest Income from Interest Bearing Accounts Notes Receivable Interest Income Income from Investment Other Income F-8 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) Warrant Liability F-9 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) . The Company has evaluated its income tax positions and has determined that it does not have any uncertain tax positions. As of the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company will recognize interest and penalties related to any uncertain tax positions through its income tax expense. The Company accounts for income taxes with the recognition of estimated income taxes payable or refundable on income tax returns for the current period and for the estimated future tax effect attributable to temporary differences and carry forwards. Measurement of deferred income items is based on enacted tax laws including tax rates, with the measurement of deferred income tax assets being reduced by available tax benefits not expected to be realized in the immediate future. The Company expects to file U.S. federal and various state income tax returns. The Company was formed in 2021 and has filed all required tax returns. All tax periods since inception remain open to examination by the taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. The provision for income taxes was deemed to be de minimis for the years ending December 31, 2023 and 2022. F-10 Table of Contents NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) Reclassification of Prior Year Presentation F-11 Table of Contents . The Company has limited financial resources. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had a working capital deficit of and a cash balance of . The Company will need to raise additional capital or secure debt funding to support on-going operations. The sources of this capital are expected to be the sale of equity and debt, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and may, if sold, cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. If the Company is unable to access additional capital moving forward, it may hurt the Company s ability to grow and to generate future revenues, financial position, and liquidity. These factors raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Unless Management is able to obtain additional financing, it is unlikely that the Company will be able to meet its funding requirements during the next 12 months. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. shares of Class A Common Stock of RMCO at the date of Business Combination. At the closing of Business Combination, all shares of Class B Common Stock were automatically converted into shares of Class A Common Stock. RMCO filed an amended and restated certificate of incorporation that removed the Class B Common Stock from the authorized capitalization of the Company. . Ferrox Holdings Ltd. Total Investments in Corporations and LLCs FUB Mineral LLC On October 1, 2021, the Company made an investment into FUB Mineral LLC FUB in the amount of in exchange of the membership interest. As such, the investment in FUB will be accounted for using the equity method of accounting. On February 1, 2022, the Company invested an additional into FUB through the purchase of debt held in that entity, resulting in the current Company s ownership of of FUB. The Company recorded passthrough activity of and , for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Ferrox Holdings Ltd. On December 23, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Maxpro Invest Holdings Inc. Maxpro to purchase from Maxpro the sum of Class A Common Stock of Ferrox Holdings Ltd. Ferrox that was owned by Maxpro. RMC has a ownership interest in Ferrox. As such, the investment in Ferrox will be accounted for using the cost method of accounting. The consideration paid to Maxpro for those shares was the sum of shares of common stock of the Company. Ferrox Holdings Ltd. Advanced Magnetic Lab, Inc. Total Convertible Notes Receivable Heart Water Inc. On December 2, 2022, the Company advanced to Heart Water Inc. HW in exchange for an Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note issued to the Company. The Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note carries an annual interest rate and is unsecured and has no guarantees. The HW Convertible Promissory Note converts into HW common stock at a price equal to 80 of the price per share paid by the investors in the next round of HW financing. The maturity date of the HW Convertible Promissory Notes is October 6, 2028. Concurrently, the Company and HW entered into an agreement whereby the Company has the ability to invest in certain development projects of HW in exchange for a per-gallon of water payment from the water that is captured and sold from the project. An additional was advanced in exchange for Convertible Promissory Notes during 2023. Ferrox Holdings Ltd. In March 2022 and September 2022, the Company made a series of investments totaling into convertible debt of Ferrox. The convertible debt holds a annual interest rate, compounded annually, and is convertible into common stock of Ferrox at per share. The convertible debt is unsecured and has no guarantees. As part of its investment in the convertible debt of Ferrox, the Company also received an additional common shares of Ferrox at the time of investment. F-12 Table of Contents NOTE 5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES RECEIVABLE (cont.) . Additional Convertible Promissory Notes were subsequently issued by AML to the Company in the amount of each on February 21, 2023, March 20, 2023, and May 5, 2023. The Convertible Promissory Notes carry a annual interest rate, compounded monthly, and has the ability to convert into common stock of AML at a rate of per share, or repaid at maturity, which is twenty-four months after issuance. The Convertible Promissory Notes are unsecured and have no guarantees. . American Resources Corporation Total Notes Receivable McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC On May 20, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to fund the development of a series of coal mines located in Pike County, Kentucky in exchange for a promissory note to repay the Company its capital invested, plus interest, and then an ongoing overriding royalty from coal sold from the mines. plus interest of has been funded by the Company under this contract thus far. The operator of the property is a related entity and is described more in Note 14, Related Party Transactions. American Resources Corporation On July 31, 2022, the Company purchased certain payments that are owed to Texas Tech University TTU from American Resources Corporation for the agreement to participate in sponsored research services performed by TTU and agreed to assume responsibility for those payments. The payments that were due to TTU amounted to and the Company has since paid of that amount so far on behalf of American Resources Corporation. A note payable between the Company and ARC was created to reflect the assumption by the Company of these payments and the note pays interest of interest rate, compounded quarterly, and matures on July 31, 2024. There are no collateral or guarantees. The operator of the technology is a related entity and is described more in Note 14. MC Mining Coking Coal Leasing LLC RMC Environmental Services LLC Energy Technologies Inc - Less: Accumulated Amortization Total Intangible Assets F-13 Table of Contents NOTE 7 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (cont.) and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Land Betterment Exchange (LBX) The Company is the holder of 250,000 LBX Tokens. The Company purchased the LBX Tokens for the consideration of of Round A Convertible Debt and Warrant A-2 issued to an affiliated party. The token issuance process is undertaken by a related party, Land Betterment Corporation, and is predicated on proactive environmental stewardship and regulatory bond releases. As of June 30, 2022, there is no market for the LBX Token and therefore the purchase price of per token has been assigned for fair value. The consideration issued for the 250,000 tokens was in the form of a convertible note. Due to the lack of market or independent market level transactions, the value assigned to the LBX Token of as of December 31, 2023. The intangible will be treated as an indefinite lived asset. Pursuant to ASC 350-30-35-20, Intangibles Goodwill and Other subsequent re-evaluation of the assigned value is not permitted. However, this does not prohibit the Company from recognizing effects of future transactions of the LBX token should they occur. Mining Permit Package On January 3, 2022, . The intangible will be amortized over its initial year contract period. MC Mining On April 1, 2022, the Company purchased the rights to receive rental income from property located in Pike County, Kentucky. The rental income is per month and the consideration paid by the Company to the seller was a total of , which represents 60,000 in cash to be paid to the seller in the form of of the monthly rental income until the cash consideration is paid in full, plus the issuance of worth of shares of the Company that will be valued at the same per common share value at the consummation of a transaction that results in the Company becoming publicly traded. The intangible will be amortized over its initial year contract period. Coking Coal Leasing LLC On April 15, 2022, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with ENCECo, Inc., ENCECo the sole owner and member of CCL, whereby the Company issued shares of its Class A Common Stock to ENCECo, Inc. for the purchase of the assets and interests in CCL. As part of this transaction, the Company, through CCL, purchased a contract to manage the electrical power account for a coal mining complex located in Perry County, Kentucky. The fee for managing this contract payable to the Company is per month. The intangible will be treated as an indefinite lived asset as the ongoing monthly fees will continue as long as the permits remain. RMC Environmental Services LLC On August 17, 2022, the Company formed RMC ES as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of purchasing certain rights to operate a clean fill landfill located in Hamilton County, Indiana that pays RMC ES for each load of clean fill material that is disposed on, or removed from, the landfill. The consideration paid by the Company was for the rights to operate this business. The intangible will be amortized over its initial year contract period. Energy Technologies Inc On September 30, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase, for the consideration of , a partial interest in a density gauge analyzer that is manufactured by Energy Technologies, Inc. and will be repaid to the Company on a per ton of coal basis from coal sold by using the density gauge analyzer. The operator of the technology is a related entity and is described more in Note 14. The intangible will be amortized over the year useful life period of the underlying equipment. It was determined that this asset was not operating according to their plan, the fair value of this asset has been written off in full at the end of 2023. As of December 31, 2023, future amortization expense are as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 and Thereafter F-14 Table of Contents Less: Accumulated Depreciation Total Property and Equipment, Net Depreciation expense amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The estimated useful lives are as follows: Years to years. The Company leases an office from an affiliated entity, Land Resources Royalties LRR ), located in Hazard, Kentucky. We pay a month, plus common charges, in rent with an initial lease term of years. The Company subleases an office from an affiliated entity, American Resources Corporation ARC ), located in Fishers, Indiana. Historically we have paid a month in rent, but starting January 2024 that rent was lowered to per month, with an initial lease term of years. The Company leases land from an affiliated entity, LRR, located in Pike County, Kentucky. We pay a month in rent with an initial lease term of years. The Company leases land from an affiliated entity, LRR, located in Hamilton County, Indiana. We pay a minimum of a month in rent or of the immediately prior month s total monthly gross revenues from the lessee s operations. The initial lease term is years. F-15 Table of Contents NOTE 9 LEASES (cont.) Accretion of Operating Lease Liability General and Administrative Total Operating Lease Expense Weighted-Average Discount Rate: Operating Leases The future minimum lease payments required under leases as of December 31, 2023 were as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 and Thereafter F-16 Table of Contents Gross Principal Value of Convertible Notes Non-Related Party Unamortized Loan Discounts Total Convertible Notes Payable, Net The principal and any accrued interest in the Round A Convertible Debt has a per share conversion price of and bear a annual interest rate, compounded calendar quarterly. Accrued interest of and was recorded at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. All convertible debt was converted into common stock at the date of business combination. Unamortized Loan Discounts Total Note Payable Related Party, Net The Note Payable bears a annual interest rate, compounded calendar quarterly. Accrued interest of and was recorded at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. . F-17 Table of Contents Notes Payable Round B Total Notes Payable Related Party, Net As of December 31, 2023, remaining maturities of notes payable were as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter MC Mining On April 1, 2022, the Company purchased the rights to receive rental income from a related party from property located in Pike County, Kentucky. The rental income is per month and the consideration paid by the Company to the seller was a total of , which represents in cash to be paid to the seller in the form of of the monthly rental income until the cash consideration is paid in full, plus the issuance of worth of shares of the Company that will be valued at the same per common share value at the consummation of a transaction that results in the Company becoming publicly traded. Of the in cash to be paid to the seller, and is outstanding at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. There is no interest due on the unpaid portion of the monthly rental income. Notes Payable Round B These notes bear a annual interest rate, compounded calendar quarterly. Accrued interest of and was recorded at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The notes issued under Round B are due two years from the date of issuance. Due dates are in October 2025. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. At December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. Class B Common Stock The Company was previously authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock were entitled to one vote for each share. At the closing of the Business Combination, we filed an amended and restated certificate of incorporation that eliminated the authorization of the Class B Common Stock. At December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding, of which were held by the Sponsor (and of which of such shares held by the Sponsor being subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option is not exercised in full) so that the Initial Stockholders (exclusive of the holders of Representative Shares) will own of the issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Initial Stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). As of December 31, 2023, there were no shares of Class B common stock authorized, issued, or outstanding. F-18 Table of Contents NOTE 13: STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (cont.) shares of Class B common stock to the representative for nominal consideration (the Representative Shares ). The Company accounted for the Representative Shares as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding credit to stockholders equity. The Company estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be based upon the price of the Founder Shares issued to the Sponsor. The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. Founder Shares On January 22, 2021 the Company issued the Sponsor an aggregate of shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of . The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering). The Sponsor agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (1) one year after the completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the . On March 22, 2021, our Sponsor transferred shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share to each of three of our independent directors. The number of shares of Class B common stock that our Sponsor holds after the transfer is . At the closing of the Business Combination, all shares of Class B common stock were automatically converted into shares of Class A common stock, and an amended and restated certificate of incorporation was filed that removed the Class B common stock from the authorized capitalization of the Company. American Resources Corporation The Company may at times enter into agreements with American Resources Corporation ARC )and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including McCoy Elkhorn Coal LLC and Perry County Resources LLC. ARC is an entity in which Thomas Sauve is a director and President, and Kirk Taylor is the Chief Financial Officer. Westside Advisors LLC The Company may at times in the future enter into agreements with Westside Advisors LLC, an entity managed by former management of the Company that resigned on October 31, 2023 as part of the Business Combination. In October 2021, Westside Advisors LLC sold LBX Tokens it owned to the Company in exchange for the Round A Convertible Note of and warrants (Warrant A-2 no cash was part of this consideration. was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 with no payments in cash of interest or principal paid. The note carries an interest rate of . During 2022, of principal was converted to common shares at a rate of per share. On October 31, 2023, the Warrant A-2 was converted into Class A Common Stock of the Company as part of the Business Combination that is owned by Westside Advisors LLC. T Squared Partners LP The Company has and may at times in the future enter into agreements with T Squared Partners LP, an entity managed by Westside Advisors LLC. On October 2, 2021, T Squared Partners LP invested cash into the Company in the form of the Round A Convertible Note and warrants issued under Warrant A- 1. On January 31, 2022, T Squared Partners LP invested an additional cash into the Company in the form of the Round A Convertible Note and warrants issued under Warrant A-5. 5 , all of which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 with no payments of interest or principal paid. The note carries an interest rate of . On October 31, 2023, as part of the Business Combination, the notes and warrants held by T Squared Partners LP were converted into Class A Common Stock of the Company. F-19 Table of Contents NOTE 14: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (cont.) , effective January 1, 2022, for 12 months. This consulting fee is not payable in cash to the Company until we raise a minimum of five million dollars of external capital. On February 1, 2022, White River Holdings LLC invested cash into the Company in the form of the Round A Convertible Note and warrants issued under Warrant A-6. On November 1, 2023, as part of the Business Combination, the notes and warrants held by White River Holdings LLC were converted into Class A Common Stock of the Company. First Frontier Capital LLC The Company may at times enter into agreements with First Frontier Capital LLC, an entity managed and beneficially owned by Thomas Sauve, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company. On February 1, 2022, First Frontier Capital LLC invested cash into the Company in the form of the Round A Convertible Note and warrants issued under Warrant A-7. On October 31, 2023, as part of the Business Combination, the notes and warrants held by First Frontier Capital LLC were converted into Class A Common Stock of the Company. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s directors and officers could, but were not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required, of which up to of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant Working Capital Loans ). From inception to date, has been advanced and repaid and as of December 31, 2022, is outstanding. The advance bears no interest rate. Administrative Services Arrangement The Company s Sponsor agreed, commencing from the date that the Company s securities are first listed on NASDAQ through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company agreed to pay the Sponsor per month for these services. As of December 31, 2022 and October 31, 2023, the effective date of the business combination and termination of the services agreement, and , respectively is accrued and owed under this agreement. Promissory Note Related Party On March 22, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the "Note"). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable in full on or before March 22, 2022 or could be converted into equity on March 22, 2022. From inception to date, was advanced and repaid. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and is outstanding, respectively. and at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which was fully reserved. Deferred tax assets consist of net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of and at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which was fully reserved. The net operating loss carryforwards for year 2022 begin to expire in 2042. The application of net operating loss carryforwards are subject to certain limitations as provided for in the tax code. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law on December 22, 2017, and reduced the corporate income tax rate from 34 to 21 . The Company s deferred tax assets, liabilities, and valuation allowance reflect the impact of the tax law. The Company s effective income tax rate is lower than what would be expected if the U.S. federal statutory rate were applied to income before income taxes primarily due to certain expenses being deductible for tax purposes but not for financial reporting purposes. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. All years are open to examination as of December 31, 2023. publicly traded warrants (the Public Warrants of which all are currently outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) one year from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. F-20 Table of Contents NOTE 16: WARRANTS (cont.) per warrant; upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption, or the 30-day redemption period, to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders . If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of its Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates its Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. F-21 Table of Contents F-22 Table of Contents NOTE 17: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (cont.) LBX Tokens which were initially recorded at their purchase price of per token. During 2022, the value of the LBX Tokens were written to to reflect that there was no market for the tokens. No cash consideration was given but a convertible note in the amount of and warrants (Warrant A-2 were issued to Westside Advisors LLC. The note remains outstanding, and the warrants were converted into shares of the Company as part of the Business Combination on October 31, 2023. The balance is 0 at both years ended December 31 2023, and 2022. The following table presents information about the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2023 and 2022 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Warrant Liability Private Warrants 3 The Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on our accompanying December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statement of operations. The Private Warrants were initially valued using a Modified Black Scholes Option Pricing Model, which is considered to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. The Modified Black Scholes model s primary unobservable input utilized in determining the fair value of the Private Warrants is the expected volatility of the common stock. The expected volatility as of the IPO date was derived from observable public warrant pricing on comparable blank-check companies without an identified target. The expected volatility as of subsequent valuation dates was implied from the Company s own Public Warrant pricing. A Monte Carlo simulation methodology was used in estimating the fair value of the Public Warrants for periods where no observable traded price was available, using the same expected volatility as was used in measuring the fair value of the Private Warrants. For periods subsequent to the detachment of the warrants from the Units, the close price of the public warrant price was used as the fair value as of each relevant date. The decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability from the date of the Private Placement (March 19, 2021) to December 31, 2022 reflects a change in the estimated fair value per private warrant for the period from to and per public warrant for the period from to . F-23 Table of Contents NOTE 17: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (cont.) Change in Valuation Inputs or Other Assumptions Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 F-24 Table of Contents shares of common stock were issued to KBB Asset Management LLC pursuant to a note conversion. On February 1, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with T.R. Mining Quarry Ltd., a Jamaican-based company (T.R. Mining), . On February 29, 2024, shares of common stock were issued to KBB Asset Management LLC pursuant to a note conversion. On March 1, 2024, the Company invested an additional in the existing promissory note between the Company and T.R. Mining Equipment Ltd. On March 11, 2024, the Company deposited restricted cash with the Kentucky Secretary of State for the benefit of a related party under the Company s reclamation bonding facility agreement with that party. On March 19, 2024, the Company issued-a non-convertible promissory note to Westside Advisors in the amount of . The note is due two years from the date of issuance on March 19, 2026. On March 19, 2024, the Company deposited restricted cash with the Kentucky Secretary of State for the benefit of a related party under the Company s reclamation bonding facility agreement with that party. On March 20, 2024, the Company invested an additional into Advanced Magnetic Lab, Inc. under the existing convertible promissory note purchase agreement with that company. On April 4, 2024, the Company invested an additional in the existing promissory note between the Company and T.R. Mining Equipment Ltd. On April 13, 2024, the Company s board of directors unanimously voted to approve a discretionary stock repurchase program. Under the program, the Company may purchase up to 2,000,000 of its Class A common stock over the next 24 months, as market conditions warrant. The shares may be repurchased in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, at prices that the Company deems appropriate and subject to market conditions, applicable law and other factors deemed relevant in the Company's sole discretion. F-25 Table of Contents NOTE 19: SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (cont.) . The note is due two years from the date of issuance on April 19, 2026. On April 24, 2024, shares of restricted common stock were issued to KBB Asset Management LLC pursuant to an existing promissory note purchase and immediate conversion to shares. On April 22, 2024, shares of common stock were purchased thus far by the Company pursuant to the stock buyback program announced on April 17, 2024. On May 7, 2024, the Company invested an additional in the existing promissory note between the Company and T.R. Mining Equipment Ltd. On May 13, 2024, shares of restricted common stock were issued to KBB Asset Management LLC pursuant to an existing promissory note purchase and immediate conversion to shares. On June 10, 2024, the Company invested an additional into Advanced Magnetic Lab, Inc. under the existing convertible promissory note purchase agreement with that company. On June 12, 2024, the Company invested an additional in the existing promissory note between the Company and T.R. Mining Equipment Ltd. On August 30, 2024, the Company amended and restated its Certificate of Incorporation to designate shares of the Preferred Stock as a newly-designed Series A Preferred Stock. Series A Preferred Stock will has a par value, while the remainder of preferred stock will remain at . On September 9, 2024, the Company entered into a royalty and unit purchase agreement and assignment agreement with eko Solutions LLC eko that provided the Company with certain royalty rights originating from a Commercialization Agreement that was previously signed between Heliponix LLC ANU and eko on June 18, 2024, which granted to eko revenue sharing and royalty rights to seed pod sales produced by ANU. The Company also received assignment of Class B units in ANU resulting from a previously-executed Equity Award Agreement dated June 10, 2024, whereby ANU issued to eko Class B Units. ). The intangible will be treated as an indefinite lived asset as the ongoing revenue sharing and royalty rights will remain in place as long as these contracts remain in place. On September 12, 2024, the Company into a Technology Development Services Agreement with ReElement Technologies Corporation ReElement whereby the Company will pay for certain research and development by ReElement to produce technologies related to the purification and separation of platinum group metals, gold, and silver from ore bodies and recycled products (the PGM Technology ). The maximum total fees to be paid by RMC in connection with each of the deliverables and the services is an agreed-to-amount of up to 200,000. As of September 30, 2023, has been invoiced and paid. Concurrently, on September 12, 2024, the Company also entered into a Royalty Agreement with ReElement whereby RMC shall receive a royalty from the gross sales resulting from the use or license of the PGM Technology that is developed from the Technology Development Services Agreement. This royalty is equal to 5 of the gross sales from the PGM Technology, occurring until RMC receives royalty payments amounting to the service fee, and then a 1.5 royalty occurring through the remainder of the royalty term. The intangible will be treated as an indefinite lived asset as the ongoing royalty rights will remain in place indefinitely. On October 16, 2024, a former board member of RMC agreed to convert his of accrued board comp from the periods of 2022 and 2023 into shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. F-26 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The management, with participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 12a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply is judgement in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Based on management s evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2023, due to the weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures are not designed at a reasonable assurance level or effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As discussed below, we plan on increasing the size of our accounting staff at the appropriate time for our business and its size to ameliorate the concern that the Company does not effectively segregate certain accounting duties, which we believe would resolve the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting and similarly improve disclosure controls and procedures, but there can be no assurances as to the timing of any such action or that the Company will be able to do so. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 14 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2023, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and based on the criteria for effective internal control described Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective for the purposes for which it is intended. Specifically, managements determination was based on the following material weakness which existed as of December 31, 2023: Due to the Company s insufficient number of staff performing accounting and reporting functions, there is a lack of segregation of duties within the financial reporting function resulting in limited level of multiple reviews among those tasked with preparing the financial statements, resulting in the need for adjustments. The Company did not maintain a fully integrated financial consolidation and reporting system throughout the period and as a result, extensive manual analysis, reconciliation and adjustments were required in order to produce financial statements for external reporting purposes. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Notwithstanding the determination that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, as of December 31, 2023, and that there was a material weakness as identified in this Annual Report, we believe that our consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the years covered hereby in all material respects. The management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, does not expect that its disclosure controls and procedures, or its internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable not absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of the control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any within the Company, have been detected. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. This report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of this section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period ended December 31, 2023 that have materially affected the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not Applicable. 15 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE . Directors and Executive Officers Name Age Positions Julie Griffith 67 Director Gary Ehlebracht 39 Director Daniel J. Hasler 66 Director Kirk P. Taylor 44 Chief Financial Officer Thomas M. Sauve 45 Director/Chief Executive Officer Executive officers of the Company are appointed by our board of directors and serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. Kirk P. Taylor, CPA, Chief Financial Officer, has over 18 years of financial, accounting and tax structuring experience. After working in national public accounting firms, he has been the Chief Financial Officer of American Resources Corporation (Nasdaq: AREC) since 2015, leading the public process as well as integrations of 8 different acquisitions within the infrastructure and resource space. Mr. Taylor is also a founder and President of Land Betterment Corp, a benefit corporation, focused on positive environmental and social communities facing a changing industrial landscape. Thomas M. Sauve, Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, has over 12 years leading and managing mining operations and over 15 years investing, restructuring and building businesses. Having managed the due diligence process and closing, staffing and ramp up of three acquisitions in twelve months, he has a history of successfully identifying mining operations that have the ability to meet the company s model of cost cutting and efficiency. As President of American Resources Corporation (Nasdaq: AREC) since 2015, Mr. Sauve has successfully integrated 8 acquisitions into a streamlined operating model. Julie Griffith, Director, has held leadership roles for the Indiana Innovation Institute. Within this role, she was able to highlight her strategic vision, rich background in government affairs, and business development and marketing experience. Before joining the Indiana Innovation Institute, Griffith served as the vice president of Public Affairs for Purdue University and worked with Duke Energy in a variety of roles, including vice president for Government Affairs and Foundation Relations. Before that she worked for the Texas-based energy company Spectra Energy and its predecessor companies. Griffith has an extensive background in marketing, business development, and government and regulatory affairs. She graduated from Ball State in 1979 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science, and now serves on the Foundation board and the Dean's Advisory Council for the University's College of Sciences and Humanities. She has previously represented Ball State as a State House intern, London Center participant, Above Beyond Campaign Development Committee member, Bold Campaign Regional Subcommittee member, Indianapolis Alumni Club board member, and a National Philanthropy Council member. Gary T. Ehlebracht, Director, and has over 12 years of physical and financial commodity trading experience. He joined grain trading and merchandising firm Gavilon, LLC in 2008 where he spent over 10 years as a senior trader focused primarily on dairy commodities. In 2019 Mr. Ehlebracht joined Dairy Products Incorporated, a leading dairy trading firm, where he focuses on physical merchandising, financial risk management, global logistics and supply chain management working with some of the largest multinational food companies. We believe Mr. Ehlebracht is well qualified to serve as a director due to his over 20 years of commodities and agriculture experience. Daniel J. Hasler, Director, is the founder and President of Hasler Ventures LLC, a company working to advance groundbreaking technologies by moving them to the public through collaborations with industry. For the previous 5 years, Mr. Hasler was President of Purdue Research Foundation. Previously, Mr. Hasler was the Secretary of Commerce for the State of Indiana and spent 31 years at Eli Lilly and Co., (NYSE: LLY) in a number of leadership positions including Vice President for Global Marketing. We believe Mr. Hasler is well qualified to serve as a director due to his over 40 years of university, government and public company experience. 16 Table of Contents Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors are divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, originally consisting of Mr. Taylor and Mr. Hasler expired at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, originally consisting of Mr. Ehlebracht and Mr. Smid, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Jensen and Mr. Sauve, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We expect that our board of directors will determine that Griffith, Ehlebracht, and Hasler are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 17 Table of Contents Corporate Governance; Code of Conduct and Business Code of Ethics Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors will have three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nomination committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee, compensation committee, and nomination committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. The composition and responsibilities of the three committees are described below. Audit Committee Julie Griffith, Gary Ehlebracht, and Daniel Hasler, serve as members of our audit committee, and Julie Griffith is chair the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Griffith, Ehlebracht, and Hasler, meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Julie Griffith qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 18 Table of Contents Compensation Committee Julie Griffith, Gary Ehlebracht, and Daniel Hasler serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. All of our members are independent and Mr. Ehlebracht is chair the compensation committee. Our compensation committee charter, details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to American Resources Corporation, an affiliate of our sponsor, of 10,000 per month, for up to 12 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations Julie Griffith, Gary Ehlebracht, and Daniel Hasler serve as members of our nomination committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are not required to have this committee. All of our members are independent and Mr. Hasler is chair the nomination committee. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 19 Table of Contents Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You can review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We will disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Subject to pre-existing fiduciary or contractual duties as described below, our officers and directors have agreed to present any business opportunities presented to them in their capacity as a director or officer of our company to us. Certain of our officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 20 Table of Contents Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months after the closing of this offering. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, if the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination. With certain limited exceptions, the placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following this offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would be identical to the placement warrants. The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 21 Table of Contents Table of Committees and participating directors Audit Committee Nominating Committee Compensation Committee Julie Griffith X (Chairwoman) X X Gary Ehlebracht X X X (Chairman) Daniel Hasler X X (Chairman) X Thomas M. Sauve Stockholder Nominations Stockholders who would like to propose a candidate to serve on our board of directors may do so by submitting the candidate s name, resume and biographical information to the attention of our corporate secretary. All proposals for nomination received by the corporate secretary will be presented to the committee for appropriate consideration. It is the policy of the compensation committee to consider director candidates recommended by stockholders who appear to be qualified to serve on our board of directors. The compensation committee may choose not to consider an unsolicited recommendation if no vacancy exists on our board of directors and the compensation committee does not perceive a need to increase the size of our board of directors. In order to avoid the unnecessary use of the compensation committee s resources, the compensation committee will consider only those director candidates recommended in accordance with the procedures set forth below. To submit a recommendation of a director candidate to the compensation committee, a stockholder should submit the following information in writing, addressed to the corporate secretary of the Company at our main office: the name and address of the person recommended as a director candidate; all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; the written consent of the person being recommended as a director candidate to be named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected; as to the person making the recommendation, the name and address, as they appear on our books, of such person, and number of shares of our common stock owned by such person; provided, however , that if the person is not a registered holder of our common stock, the person should submit his or her name and address along with a current written statement from the record holder of the shares that reflects the recommending person s beneficial ownership of our common stock; and a statement disclosing whether the person making the recommendation is acting with or on behalf of any other person and, if applicable, the identity of such person. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to us under Rule 16a-3(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the year ended December 31, 2023 and Forms 5 and amendments thereto furnished to us with respect to the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as any written representation from a reporting person that no Form 5 is required, we are not aware that any officer, director or 10 or greater stockholder failed to file on a timely basis, as disclosed in the aforementioned Forms, reports required by Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the year ended December 31, 2023. 22 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . Executive Officer and Director Compensation Overview As an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we are not required to include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section and have opted to comply with the scaled disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies. The named executive officer and director compensation described in this section discusses our 2022 compensation programs. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that are based on the Company s current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. Executive and Director Compensation The Company s Board of Directors, with input from our Chief Executive Officer, has historically determined the compensation for our named executive officers. Our named executive officers for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which consist of our principal executive officer and the next two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers as of December 31, 2023, are: Thomas Sauve, Chief Executive Officer; and Kirk Taylor, Chief Financial Officer Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation of our executive officers and directors for services rendered in all capacities to us during the last completed fiscal year. The listed individuals shall hereinafter be referred to as the Named Executive Officers. We also have included below a table regarding compensation paid to our directors who served during the last completed fiscal year. (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) Name and principal position Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Mark C. Jensen, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman (1) 2023 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Thomas M. Sauve, Chief Executive Officer, Director (2) 2023 150,000 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 150,000 2022 75,000 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 75,000 Kirk P. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer 2023 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Daniel Hasler, Director 2023 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Gary Ehlebracht, Director 2023 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Julie Griffith, Director (3) 2023 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Edward Smid, Director (1) 2023 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- (1) Resigned on October 31, 2023 from the Company as part of the Business Combination. (2) Director of the Company prior to October 31, 2023; was appointed as Chairman on October 31, 2023 as part of the Business Combination. (3) Appointed as Director of the Company on October 31, 2023 as part of the Business Combination. 23 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS . At December 31, 2023, we had 14,270,761 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Voting power represents the voting power of common stock owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, the holders of the common stock vote together as a single class. Except as otherwise set forth below, the following table sets forth information known to us as of December 31, 2023 relating to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by: each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; each director and nominee; each named executive officer; and all named executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner in the table set forth below is care of 12115 Visionary Way, Suite 174, Fishers IN 40638. We believe that all persons, unless otherwise noted, named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as being owned by them. Under securities laws, a person is considered to be the beneficial owner of securities owned by him or her (or certain persons whose ownership is attributed to him or her) and that can be acquired by him or her within 60 days from December 31, 2021, including upon the exercise of options, warrants or convertible securities. We determine a beneficial owner s percentage ownership by assuming that options, warrants or convertible securities that are held by him or her, but not those held by any other person, and which are exercisable within 60 days of the that date, have been exercised or converted. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)(2) Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Directors and Named Executive Officers of the Company Thomas Sauve, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (3) 1,167,208 8.18 Kirk Taylor, Chief Financial Officer (4) 1,420,108 9.95 Daniel Hasler, Independent Director -0- Julie Griffith, Independent Director -0- Gary Ehlebracht, Independent Director -0- Edward Smid, Independent Director -0- All Directors and Executive Officers of the Company as a Group (5 Individuals) 2,587,316 18.13 Five Percent Holders White River Holdings LLC (5) 1,104,739 7.74 Homewood Holdings LLC (6) 1,052,377 7.37 Midwest General Investment Company LLC (7) 995,953 6.98 Maxpro Invest Holdings LLC (8) 943,842 6.61 White River Ventures LLC (9) 855,196 5.99 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following individuals is c/o Royalty Management Holding Corporation, 12115 Visionary Way, Suite 174, Fishers, IN 46038. (2) Excludes shares issuable pursuant to any warrants outstanding. (3) Owned through First Frontier Capital LLC, of which Thomas Sauve is manager and a beneficial owner. (4) Owned through Liberty Hill Capital Management LLC, of which Kirk Taylor is manager and a beneficial owner. (5) Managed by former management of the Company that resigned on October 31, 2023 as part of the Business Combination. (6) Beneficial owner is Mark LaVerghetta. (7) Manager of entity is Mark Jensen. Entity is owned by trust which certain members of the Sauve family are beneficiaries. (8) Manager of the entity is Ferrox Holdings CEO, Terry Duffy (9) Manager of entity is Thomas Sauve. Entity is owned by trust which certain members of the Jensen family are beneficiaries. 24 Table of Contents Our initial shareholders beneficially own approximately 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock and will have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. Our sponsor and our founding team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A shares of common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A shares of common stock or pre-initial business combination activity. Further, our sponsor and each member of our founding team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares purchased during or after our Initial Public Offering in favor of our initial business combination. Our sponsor is deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Changes in Control . None. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Related Party Transactions Land Resources Royalties LLC / Wabash Enterprises LLC The Company may at times in the future lease property from Land Resources Royalties LLC LRR and enter into various other agreements with LRR and/or its parent company, Wabash Enterprises LLC, an entity managed by Thomas Sauve and which Kirk Taylor is also part beneficial owner. Furthermore, on October 31, 2023, as part of the Business Combination, Wabash Enterprises LLC and LRR became an owner of Class A Common Stock of the Company and several leases and agreements exist between LRR and the Company, for which LRR receives income. Land Betterment Corporation The Company may at times in the future enter into agreements with Land Betterment Corporation, an entity in which Kirk Taylor is a director, President and Chief Financial Officer and Thomas Sauve who is a director and Chief Development Officer. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had entered into a contractor services agreement with Land Betterment Corporation for environmental services personnel. The contract called for cost plus 12.5 margin. American Resources Corporation The Company may at times enter into agreements with American Resources Corporation and its subsidiaries, an entity in which Thomas Sauve is a director and President, and Kirk Taylor is the Chief Financial Officer. Westside Advisors LLC The Company may at times in the future enter into agreements with Westside Advisors LLC, an entity managed by former management of the Company that resigned on October 31, 2023 as part of the Business Combination. In October 2021, Westside Advisors LLC sold 250,000 LBX Tokens it owned to the Company in exchange for the Round A Convertible Note of 2,000,000 and 76,924 warrants (Warrant A-2 no cash was part of this consideration. 1,681,756 was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 with no payments in cash of interest or principal paid. The note carries an interest rate of 10 . During 2022, 318,245 of principal was converted to common shares at a rate of 6.50 per share. On October 31, 2023, the Warrant A-2 was converted into Class A Common Stock of the Company as part of the Business Combination that is owned by Westside Advisors LLC. 25 Table of Contents T Squared Partners LP The Company has and may at times in the future enter into agreements with T Squared Partners LP, an entity managed by Westside Advisors LLC. On October 2, 2021, T Squared Partners LP invested 250,000 cash into the Company in the form of the Round A Convertible Note and 9,616 warrants issued under Warrant A- 1. On January 31, 2022, T Squared Partners LP invested an additional 50,000 cash into the Company in the form of the Round A Convertible Note and 1,924 warrants issued under Warrant A-5. 5 , all of which was outstanding as of December 31, 2022 with no payments of interest or principal paid. The note carries an interest rate of 10 . On October 31, 2023, as part of the Business Combination, the notes and warrants held by T Squared Partners LP were converted into Class A Common Stock of the Company. White River Holdings LLC The Company has and may at times in the future enter into agreements with White River Holdings LLC, an entity managed by former management of the Company that resigned on October 31, 2023 as part of the Business Combination. On January 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with White River Holdings LLC whereby we paid White River Holdings a monthly consulting fee of 6,250, effective January 1, 2022, for 12 months. This consulting fee is not payable in cash to the Company until we raise a minimum of five million dollars of external capital. On February 1, 2022, White River Holdings LLC invested 10,000 cash into the Company in the form of the Round A Convertible Note and 385 warrants issued under Warrant A-6. On November 1, 2023, as part of the Business Combination, the notes and warrants held by White River Holdings LLC were converted into Class A Common Stock of the Company. First Frontier Capital LLC The Company may at times enter into agreements with First Frontier Capital LLC, an entity managed and beneficially owned by Thomas Sauve, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company. On February 1, 2022, First Frontier Capital LLC invested 10,000 cash into the Company in the form of the Round A Convertible Note and 385 warrants issued under Warrant A-7. On October 31, 2023, as part of the Business Combination, the notes and warrants held by First Frontier Capital LLC were converted into Class A Common Stock of the Company. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s directors and officers could, but were not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required, of which up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant Working Capital Loans ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, no amount was advanced and as of December 31, 2022, 0 is outstanding. The advance bears no interest rate. 26 Table of Contents Administrative Services Arrangement The Company s Sponsor agreed, commencing from the date that the Company s securities are first listed on NASDAQ through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company agreed to pay the Sponsor 10,000 per month for these services. As of December 31, 2022 and October 31, 2023, the effective date of the business combination and termination of the services agreement, 120,000 and 0, respectively is accrued and owed under this agreement. Promissory Note Related Party On March 22, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 800,000 to cover expenses related to Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the "Note"). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable in full on or before March 22, 2022 or could be converted into equity on March 22, 2022. as of As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 239,825 and 0 is due to the Sponsor respectively. Director Independence Each of Julie Griffith, Daniel Hasler, and Gary Ehlebracht, the directors of the Company at December 31, 2023, are independent directors as defined by the NASDAQ Company Guide. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. B.F. Borgers CPA, PC (PCAOB ID: 5041), services as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to B.F. Borgers CPA, PC, or B.F. Borgers, for services rendered for the period from January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023. 2023 2022 Audit Fees 46,000 30,000 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total 42,500 30,000 Audit Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. Audit-Related Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other accounting consulting. Tax Fees This category consists of professional services rendered for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. All Other Fees This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 27 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS ARE FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT: (1) The following Financial Statements are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8: Page FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Balance Sheet F-2 Statement of Operations F-3 Statement of Changes Stockholders' Equity F-4 Statement of Cash Flows F-5 Schedules not listed above are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto. (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. 28 Table of Contents (3) Exhibits: Exhibit Number Description 3.1 (1) Certificate of Incorporation 3.2 (2) Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation 3.3 (1) By-Laws 4.1 (1) Specimen Unit Certificate 4.2 (1) Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate 4.3 (1) Specimen Warrant Certificate 4.4 (1) Warrant Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and between Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC 10.1 (2) Letter Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and among Registrant and its officers, directors, and Sponsors 10.2 (2) Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC 10.3 (2) Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and among the Registrant and certain security holders 10.4 (2) Administrative Support Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and between the Registrant and the American Resources Corporation 10.5 (2) Private Placement Warrants Subscription Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, by and between the Registrant and the Sponsor 10.6 (2) Representative Share Purchase Letter Agreement, dated March 16, 2021, by and between Registrant, Kingswood Capital Markets, divisions of Benchmark Investments Inc., and certain designees 10.7 (1) Promissory Note issued to Sponsor 10.8 (1) Form of Indemnity Agreement 10.9 (1) Form of Securities Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and American Opportunity Ventures LLC 14 (1) Form of Code of Ethics 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page for the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101 attachments). Filed herewith Furnished herewith (1) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Form S-1, dated February 2, 2021, as amended, and incorporated by reference herein. (2) Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2021, and incorporated by reference herein. 29 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION Date: December 4, 2024 By: /s/ Thomas M. Sauve Thomas M. Sauve, Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Julie Griffith Director December 4, 2024 Julie Griffith /s/ Roy Smith Director December 4, 2024 Roy Smith /s/ Benjamin Wrightsman Director December 4, 2024 Benjamin Wrightsman /s/ Thomas M. Sauve Chief Executive Officer/ Director (Principal Executive Officer and the December 4, 2024 Thomas M. Sauve Registrant s authorized signatory in the United Sates) /s/ Kirk P. Taylor Chief Financial Officer December 4, 2024 Kirk P. Taylor (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rmco_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rmco_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Executive Officer I, Thomas M. Sauve, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Royalty Management Holding Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION Date: December 4, 2024 By: /s/ Thomas M. Sauve Thomas M. Sauve, Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 rmco_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rmco_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer I, Kirk P. Taylor, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Royalty Management Holding Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION Date: December 4, 2024 By: /s/ Kirk P. Taylor Kirk P. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 rmco_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rmco_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the Annual Report of Royalty Management Holding Corporation, (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas M. Sauve, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (i) the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION Date: December 4, 2024 By: /s/ Thomas M. Sauve Thomas M. Sauve, Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 rmco_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rmco_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection with the Annual Report of Royalty Management Holding Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kirk P. Taylor, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (i) the accompanying Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. ROYALTY MANAGEMENT HOLDING CORPORATION Date: December 4, 2024 By: /s/ Kirk P. Taylor Kirk P. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rmco-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rmco-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 rmco-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rmco-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

