<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_2016072_0001213900-24-097024.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3544421</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71172</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>863753</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>655089</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>884263</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1004850</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097024.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112195337
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			M3-Brigade Acquisition V Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002016072
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981781141
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42171
		FILM NUMBER:		241450695

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 BROADWAY, 19TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-202-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 BROADWAY, 19TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097024.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0220637-10q_m3brigade5.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(MARK
ONE) 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarter ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s
telephone number) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Check
whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller
reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of November 12 , 2024, there were Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value
and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

FORM
10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements 

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from March 12, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from March 12, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from March 12, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 16 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 18 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 18 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 19 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 19 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 19 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 19 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 19 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 19 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 20 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 
 21 

i 

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Interim Financial Statements. 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEET 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Assets: 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses, current 

Other 

Total current assets 

Long-term prepaid expense 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities 

Accrued offering costs 

Accrued expenses 

Advance from related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding (excluding 28,750,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Period from March 12, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 General and administrative costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares 

Basic net income per ordinary share, Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares 

Diluted net income per ordinary share, Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares 

Basic net income per ordinary share, Class B ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares 

Diluted net income per ordinary share, Class B ordinary shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR
THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 12, 2024 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance March 12, 2024 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Fair Value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A shares 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 12, 2024 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Payment of operation costs through promissory note 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other 

Prepaid expenses, current 

Long-term prepaid expense 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Deferred offering cost paid through advance from related party 

Prepaid expenses paid by related party 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company has
not selected any specific Business Combination target and the Company has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive
discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 12, 2024 (inception)
through September 30, 2024 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering Initial Public Offering),
which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments from the proceeds derived
from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The
registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 31, 2024. On August 2, 2024, the
Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units ), which includes the full exercise by the
underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of ,
which is described in Note 3. 

The
Company s Sponsor is M3-Brigade Sponsor V LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ), formerly known
as M3-Brigade Sponsor V LP, a Delaware limited partnership. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the
Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co., the representative of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering, at a price of per warrant, or , which is
described in Note 4. Of those Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased Private Placement Warrants and Cantor
Fitzgerald Co. purchased Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A
ordinary share at a price of per share. Certain institutional investors who are not affiliated with any member of management,
the Sponsor or any other investor in the Sponsor provided approximately of the capital utilized by the Sponsor to purchase the
Private Placement Warrants and, as a result, indirectly hold approximately of such warrants. The Company s management has
broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement
Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination
(less deferred underwriting commissions). 

Transaction
costs amounted to , consisting of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee (see additional
discussion in Note 6), and of other offering costs. 

The
Company s Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least
 of the net balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes
payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However,
the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, on August 2, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account ), which
may only be held as cash or invested in (i) U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations or (ii) an interest bearing bank demand deposit account or other accounts at a bank. Except with respect to interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the
completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the
Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
or by such earlier liquidation date as the board of directors may approve (the Completion Window ), subject to applicable
law, or (iii) the redemption of the Company s public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares
if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other
material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the
Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims
of the Company s public shareholders. 

5 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

per public share. 

The
ordinary shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of
the Initial Public Offering, on August 2, 2024 in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, if the
Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

The
Company will have only the duration of the Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is
unable to complete its initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, the Company will cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up and, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares and
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other
distributions, if any), subject to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject
to the other requirements of applicable law. 

The
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business
Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination
if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to
allow redemption in connection with its Initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares if it has
not consummated an Initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to shareholders rights or pre-Initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public
shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after
the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to the Company (except for the Company s independent auditors), or a prospective target business with which the Company has
entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement (except for the
Company s independent auditors), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per public
share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account,
if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will
not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held
in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company
believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. 

6 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

in cash and working
capital of . In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC 205-40 Going
Concern, and through the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, as of August 2, 2024, the Company has sufficient funds for
the working capital needs of the Company until a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these condensed financial statements.
The Company cannot assure that its plans to consummate an Initial Business Combination will be successful. 

The
Company does not believe it will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating its business.
However, if the estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business
Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business
prior to the initial Business Combination. 

7 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

in cash and no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024. 

, were held in mutual funds composed of U.S. treasury
securities. 

8 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

9 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Class
A ordinary shares because their exercise is contingent upon future events. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary
shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic net income per ordinary share 

Denominator: 

Diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Diluted net income per ordinary share 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access
to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

10 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters
of their overallotment option in the amount of Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A
ordinary share (the public shares ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants and, together
with the Private Placement Warrants, the warrants ). Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A
ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable after the completion
of the initial Business Combination and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

Warrants 

As
of September 30, 2024, there were warrants outstanding, including warrants sold as part of the Units in the Initial
Public Offering (the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles the holder
to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. The warrants cannot
be exercised until after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares
underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company
will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied
with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value
and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement
is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for
the unit solely for the Class A ordinary shares underlying such unit. 

Under
the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business
days, after the closing of its Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective
amendment to the registration statement for the Initial Public Offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under
the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the Company s initial Business
Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering
the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60 th business day
after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement
and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the
Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at
its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or
maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

If
the holders exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants
for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A
ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of the Class A ordinary
shares over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average
reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to
the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants, as applicable. 

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 

The
Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and
 not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

11 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

prior written notice of redemption (the -day redemption period and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after completion of the initial Business Combination and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

Additionally,
if the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A ordinary shares,
or by a subdivision of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, subdivision
or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to
such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling
holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of
a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in
such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) the quotient of (x) the price per class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering
and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable
for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account
any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market
value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period
ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or
in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at 
per share, at a price of per warrant, or in the aggregate. Of those Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor
purchased Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. purchased Private Placement Warrants. Each whole
warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are
held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not
(including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions,
be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) will
be entitled to registration rights and (iii) with respect to Private Placement Warrants held by Cantor Fitzgerald Co.
and/or its designees, will not be exercisable more than five years from the date of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Rule 5110(g)(8). 

The
Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive
their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business
Combination or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination
if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation
to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not
consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating
to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public
shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after
the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain of the Company s
expenses, for which the Company issued founders shares to the Sponsor. As the underwriters over-allotment was exercised
in full as part of the Initial Public Offering, none of the founder shares are subject to forfeiture. 

12 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

after the completion of the initial Business Combination
or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial
Business Combination that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements
of the Company s initial shareholders with respect to any founder shares (the Lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if (1) the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions,
share capitalizations, share consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any
 -trading day period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates
a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their
shares for cash, securities or other property, the founder shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

The
Sponsor had agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public
Offering. The loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand. The Company had no borrowings under the promissory note as
of September 30, 2024 and the loan is no longer available to be drawn upon. 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of
the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working
Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to of
such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 
per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2024,
no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

Advance
from Related Party 

M3
Partners has advanced the Company to be used for expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. The Company had in
advances from related party as of September 30, 2024. 

-day option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional units to
cover over-allotments, if any. On August 1, 2024, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase the
additional Units at a price of per Unit. 

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the Units offered in the Initial
Public Offering, excluding any proceeds from Units sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option), which was paid upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 
of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account other than those sold pursuant to the underwriters 
over-allotment option and of the gross proceeds sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option, or 
in the aggregate, payable upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. 

13 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

preference shares at par value of each.
At September 30, 2024, there were no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at par
value of each. At September 30, 2024, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding 
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B
Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares at par
value of each. As of September 30, 2024, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. The founder
shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters
in full. On August 1, 2024, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full as part of the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. As such, the founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the initial Business
Combination or earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share subdivisions, share capitalizations,
share consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case
that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business
Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate,
 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of
Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued
or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans;
provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

Holders
of record of the Company s Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share
held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

14 

M3-BRIGADE
ACQUISITION V CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

The
fair value of Public Warrants was determined using a binomial-lattice model. The Public Warrants have been classified within shareholders 
deficit and will not require remeasurement after issuance. 

Exercise price 

Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

Probability of completion a Business Combination 

15 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to M3-Brigade Acquisition V Corp. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to M3-Brigade Sponsor V LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the Proposed Business Combination
(as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially
from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the Business Combination
are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public
Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be
accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the
Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in
the Cayman Islands on March 12, 2024 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using
cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or a combination
of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from March 12, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being
a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 2,010,116, which consists of 2,305,244 from interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account,
offset by 295,128 of general and administrative costs. 

For the period from March 12, 2024 (inception)
through September 30, 2024, we had net income of 1,960,642, which consists of 2,305,244 from interest earned on cash held in Trust
Account, offset by 344,602 of general and administrative costs. 

16 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share,
by the Sponsor and loans or advances from the Sponsor or another related party. 

On August 2, 2024, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 28,750,000 Units at 10.00 per Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of 3,750,000 Units generating gross proceeds of 287,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 8,337,500 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant,
in a private placement to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters of the initial Public Offering,
generating gross proceeds of 8,337,500. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, the full
exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Units, a total of 288,937,500 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred
 19,406,996 of transaction costs, consisting of 5,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, 13,400,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 1,006,996
of other offering costs. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 291,242,744. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes
payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the
operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 934,287.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due
diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses
or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure,
negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000
of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of
 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares
upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have
been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing
arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial
assets. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

The underwriters had a 45-day option from the
date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,750,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase the
additional 3,750,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. 

17 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of condensed financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. We have identified no critical accounting policies. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06,
 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 ), to simplify certain financial instruments.
ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible
instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s
own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed
to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement
to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2023 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We adopted ASU 2020-06 as of March 12,
2024 (inception). There was no effect to our condensed financial statements. 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including our Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our Management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our
Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2020 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

18 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this report include the risk factors described in our final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering
filed with the SEC. As of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus
for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On March 15, 2024, the Sponsor made a capital
contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of the Company s expenses, for which the Company issued
7,187,500 founders shares to the Sponsor. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On August 2, 2024, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 28,750,000 Units at 10.00 per Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of 3,750,000 Units generating gross proceeds of 287,500,000. Cantor Fitzgerald Co. acted as sole book-running
manager of the Initial Public Offering. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement
on Form S-1 (No. 333-279951). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on July 31, 2024. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering on Augst 2, 2020, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 8,337,500 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00
per Private Placement Warrant, in a private placement to the Sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., the representative of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering, generating gross proceeds of 8,337,500. Of those 8,337,500 Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased
5,043,750 Private Placement Warrants and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. purchased 3,293,750 Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant
entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The
foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable,
assignable or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, an aggregate of 288,937,500 10.05 per Unit) was placed
in the Trust Account. 

We paid a total of 19,406,996 in transaction
costs, consisting of 5,000,000 of cash underwriting fee, 13,400,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 1,006,996 of other offering
costs. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds
generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

19 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of,
or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Cantor, as representative of the underwriters. (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, among the Company and the Company s officers and directors and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, among the Company and certain security holders. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Cantor. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Mohsin Meghji. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Matthew Perkal. (1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Chris Chaice. (1) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Eric Greenhaus. (1) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Charles Garner. (1) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Frederick Arnold. (1) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between the Company and Benjamin Fader-Rattner. (1) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 
 
 (1) 
 Previously filed as an
 exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein. 

20 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

M3-BRIGADE
 ACQUISITION V CORP. 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mohsin Meghji 

Name: 
 Mohsin Meghji 

Title: 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Eric Greenhaus 

Name: 
 Eric Greenhaus 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022063701ex31-1_m3brigade5.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Mohsin Meghji, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of M3-Brigade Acquisition V Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 Mohsin Meghji 

Mohsin Meghji 

Executive Chairman of the
 Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022063701ex31-2_m3brigade5.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Eric Greenhaus, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of M3-Brigade Acquisition V Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
 the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 Eric Greenhaus 

Eric Greenhaus 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022063701ex32-1_m3brigade5.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of M3-Brigade
Acquisition V Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Mohsin Meghji, Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 Mohsin Meghji 

Mohsin Meghji 

Executive Chairman of the
 Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022063701ex32-2_m3brigade5.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of M3-Brigade
Acquisition V Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Eric Greenhaus, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

/s/
 Eric Greenhaus 

Eric Greenhaus 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mbavu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mbavu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mbavu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mbavu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mbavu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

