<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241220_10-Q_edgar_data_1682265_0001477932-24-008245.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4399711</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70881</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>774777</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1162025</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>993994</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1289330</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-008245.hdr.sgml : 20241220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241220164651
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-008245
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Reliant Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001682265
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION SPECIAL TRADE CONTRACTORS [1700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				472200506
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56012
		FILM NUMBER:		241568584

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12343 HYMEADOW DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3-A
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78750
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-917-2930

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12343 HYMEADOW DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3-A
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78750

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-008245.txt : 20241220

10-Q
 1
 reliant_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

reliant_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal quarter ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _____________ TO _____________ Commission File Number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: +1 - Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes No State the number of shares of the issuer s common stock outstanding, as of the latest practicable date: shares of common stock are issued and outstanding as of December 20, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 3 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets 4 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations 5 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 6 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 7 Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 21 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 26 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 26 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 27 Item 1A. Risk Factors 27 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 27 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 28 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 Item 5. Other Information. 28 Item 6. Exhibits 29 2 Table of Contents Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the following words: anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, ongoing, plan, potential, predict, project, should, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these words. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this Report. These factors include: the need for additional funding; the outcome of strategic transactions; our lack of a significant operating history; the fact that our sole officer and director has control over our voting stock; the loss of key personnel or failure to attract, integrate and retain additional personnel; corporate governance risks; economic downturns; the level of competition in our industry and our ability to compete; our ability to respond to changes in our industry; our ability to protect our intellectual property and not infringe on others intellectual property; our ability to scale our business; our ability to maintain supplier relationships; our ability to obtain and retain customers; our ability to execute our business strategy in a very competitive environment; trends in and the market for recreational pools and services; lack of insurance policies; dependence on a small number of customers; changes in laws and regulations; the market for our common stock; our ability to effectively manage our growth; dilution to existing stockholders; costs and expenses associated with being a public company; client lawsuits, damages, judgments and settlements required to be paid in connection therewith and the effects thereof on our reputation; health risks, economic slowdowns and rescissions and other negative outcomes caused by pandemics and governmental responses thereto; changes in inflation and interest rates, supply constraints, and possible recessions caused thereby; economic downturns both in the United States and globally; risk of increased regulation of our operations; and other risk factors included under Risk Factors below. You should read the matters described in Risk Factors and the other cautionary statements made in this Report, as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this Report. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Report will prove to be accurate and therefore prospective investors are encouraged not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. 3 Table of Contents RELIANT HOLDINGS, INC . AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Other assets: Property and equipment Intangible Assets - Customer Relationships, net Goodwill Software costs Note receivable, 400,700 and -0-, due from related party, respectively Right of use asset Due from executive Total other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Line of credit Deferred revenue Contract liabilities Lease liability right of use Notes payable Notes payable, related party Accrued expenses, related parties Due to executive Total current liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) Stockholders Equity : Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value, issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Preferred stock Series A, shares authorized, par value, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Preferred stock Series B, shares authorized, par value, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Preferred stock Series C, shares authorized, par value, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Preferred stock Series D, shares authorized, par value, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Common stock shares authorized, par value., and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity Preferred stock, Common stock, additional paid-in capital data have been retroactively restated to give effect to the reverse merger completed on July 25, 2024 (Note 2) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents RELIANT HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue - Marketing Revenue - Pool Sales Total revenues Cost of revenues Total cost of revenues Gross margin Operating expenses: General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Legal and professional Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other (income) expense: Interest expense Transaction costs for merger Other income Total other(income) expense Income tax Net loss Net loss per share - basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents RELIANT HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (UNAUDITED) Preferred Stock Members' Series A Series B Series C Series C Common Stock Additional Capital Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit of HDLCO Total Balance December 31, 2023 - Pre reverse merger - - - - - Effect of reverse merger (Note 2) Balance December 31, 2023 - Post reverse merger Contributions by members of HLDCO - - - - - Distributions to members of HLDCO - - - - - Net loss - - - - - Balance March 31, 2024 Distributions to members of HLDCO - - - - - Net loss - - - - - Balance June 30, 2024 Contributions by members of HLDCO - - - - - Distributions to members of HLDCO - - - - - Consideration transferred for acquisition of HLDCO - - - - - Net loss - - - - - Balance September 30, 2024 Balance December 31, 2022 - Pre reverse merger - - - - - Effect of reverse merger (Note 2) Balance December 31, 2022 - Post reverse merger Net income - - - - - Balance March 31, 2023 Net loss - - - - - Balance June 30, 2023 Net loss - - - - - Balance September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents RELIANT HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 (UNAUDITED) 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of related party accounts receivable Expenses paid by members Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Accounts receivable, related party Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Due from executive Customer contracts Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Investing Activities Purchase of property and equipment Purchase of intangible assets Acquisition of Reliant Holdings, Inc., cash received Note receivable, related party - Loan receivable Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of notes payable Repayment of notes payable, related party Repayment of due to shareholder Advances from shareholder Proceeds from issuance of notes payable, related party Repayment of advances from members of Onar Proceeds from (repayment of) line of credit, net Distributions to members of HLDCO Contributions from members of HLDCO Net change in cash Cash - beginning of period Cash - end of period Supplemental Disclosures Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Fair value of shares issued for acquisition of Reliant Holdings, Inc. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 7 Table of Contents Reliant Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) Going Concern Basis of Presentation 8 Table of Contents Princi p les of Consolidation Revenue Recognition . The Company s construction contracts will continue to be recognized over time because of the continuous transfer of control to the customer as all of the work is performed at the customer s site and, therefore, the customer controls the asset as it is being constructed. Contract costs include labor, material, and indirect costs. 9 Table of Contents of remaining performance obligations on The Company s construction contracts, which we also refer to as backlog. We expect to recognize The Company s backlog as revenue during the next 12 months. Contract Estimates Accounting for long-term contracts and programs involves the use of various techniques to estimate total contract revenue and costs. For long-term contracts, we estimate the profit on a contract as the difference between the total estimated revenue and expected costs to complete a contract and recognize that profit over the life of the contract. Contract estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events. These assumptions include labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the work to be performed, the cost and availability of materials, and the performance of subcontractors. Variable Consideration Transaction price for The Company s contracts may include variable consideration, which includes increases to transaction price for approved and unapproved change orders, claims and incentives, and reductions to transaction price for liquidated damages. Change orders, claims and incentives are generally not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant integration service provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as a modification of the existing contract and performance obligation. We estimate variable consideration for a performance obligation at the most likely amount to which we expect to be entitled (or the most likely amount we expect to incur in the case of liquidated damages), utilizing estimation methods that best predict the amount of consideration to which we will be entitled (or will be incurred in the case of liquidated damages). We include variable consideration in the estimated transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur or when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. The Company s estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in transaction price are based largely on an assessment of The Company s anticipated performance and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us. The effect of variable consideration on the transaction price of a performance obligation is recognized as an adjustment to revenue on a cumulative catch-up basis. To the extent unapproved change orders and claims reflected in transaction price (or excluded from transaction price in the case of liquidated damages) are not resolved in The Company s favor, or to the extent incentives reflected in transaction price are not earned, there could be reductions in, or reversals of, previously recognized revenue. No adjustments on any one contract was material to The Company s consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Contract Balances The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in billed accounts receivable and costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts (contract assets) on the consolidated balance sheet. On The Company s construction contracts, amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, either at periodic intervals (e.g., biweekly or monthly) or upon achievement of contractual milestones. Generally, billing occurs prior to revenue recognition, resulting in contract liabilities. These assets and liabilities are reported on the consolidated balance sheet on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. 10 Table of Contents Accounts Receivable and Allowances and - -, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts was and - -, respectively, all of which was attributable to affiliated entities (Note 5). 11 Table of Contents Property and Equipment and , respectively. The estimated useful lives of the Company vehicles are . Intangible Assets Impairment Assessment Earnin g s Per Share Recent Accountin g Pronouncements 12 Table of Contents shares of Series A Preferred Stock from Elijah May directly. As a result of the transaction there was a change in control of the Company. On June 13, 2024, Elijah May, as the Company s sole director, resigned from his positions as director, Chief Executive Officer, and President of the Company, effective as of June 13, 2024. Claude Zdanow was appointed as a director of the Company by its Board of Directors, holding the positions of President and Chief Executive Officer. On June 17, 2024, the Company entered into the acquisition of ownership of HLDCO, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Agreement ). The transaction was by and between the Company and the Members of HLDCO, LLC, which include Mount Olympus Ventures, Inc., Apollo Capital Corp., and M2B Funding Corp. Mount Olympus Ventures, Inc., via the owner Claude Zdanow, has a material relationship with the Company, via his appointment as a director and officer of the Company, and through Mount Olympus Ventures, Inc. s acquisition of of the Series A Preferred Stock of the Company. The nature and amount of consideration given or received for the assets was exactly shares of newly designated Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share, exactly shares of newly designated Series C Preferred Stock, par value, per share, and exactly shares of Series D Preferred Stock, par value to be given to each of the Members of HLDCO, LLC as described in the Agreement. On July 18, 2024, the Company filed the designations for the Series B, Series C, and Series D preferred shares pursuant the Agreement. On July 25, 2024, the Board of Directors issued those shares of respective preferred stock to the members of HLDCO, LLC, to complete the acquisition (the Closing). Management determined that the acquisition of HLDCO was a reverse acquisition as defined within ASC 805, and that HLDCO was the accounting acquirer. The Company determined that HLDCO was the accounting acquirer based on the guidance contained within ASC 805-40. The significant factors that led to the Company s conclusion were (i) the Mr. Zdanow and the members of HLDCO obtained 98 of the voting interest of the Company through the preferred shares held by these parties, (ii) at Closing, the remaining Company shareholders held 2 of the voting interest of the Company, (iii) the composition of executive management and the governing body changed such that the sole director and executive officer of HLDCO became the sole director and shareholder of the Company which provided control over the operations of the Company, and (iv) HLDCO was significantly larger than the Company when considering both total assets and operations. As a result, the Company has applied purchase accounting as of the Closing of the acquisition and reflected the historical financial position and operations of HLDCO as the surviving entity. The assets and liabilities the Company were recognized at fair value as of the Closing and the results of its operations have been included within the consolidated statements of operations from that date forward with all historical activity reflective of the operations of HLDCO. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized provisionally in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The initial accounting for the business combination is not complete as the Company is in the process of obtaining additional information for the valuation of acquired intangible assets and deferred tax liabilities, if any. The provisional amounts are subject to change to the extent that additional information is obtained about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. Under U.S. GAAP, the measurement period shall not exceed one year from the acquisition date and the Company will finalize these amounts no later than July 25, 2025. The estimated fair values as of the acquisition date are based on information that existed as of the acquisition date. During the measurement period the Company may adjust provisional amounts recorded for assets acquired and liabilities assumed to reflect new information that the Company has subsequently obtained regarding facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. stock price on Closing Fair value transferred for acquisition 13 Table of Contents Property and equipment Right of use asset Accounts payable Accrued expenses Billings in excess of cost Notes payable Operating lease liability Goodwill Assets and liabilities acquired The goodwill recognized as a result of the acquisition of the Company is attributable primarily to expected synergies and the assembled workforce. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The amounts of revenue and loss of Reliant, included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are as follows: Net loss Consolidated unaudited pro forma information: The following consolidated pro forma information assumes that the acquisition of HLDCO took place on January 1, 2023, for the statement of operations for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These amounts have been estimated after applying the Company s accounting policies Net loss 14 Table of Contents Estimated earnings Less: Progress billings Contract liabilities, net The net asset (liability) position for contracts in process is included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as follows: Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts Contract liabilities Customer B Customer C (related party) Customer D (related party) Customer E = Less than 10 As of December 31, 2023, one customer accounted for of total accounts receivable. As of September 30, 2024, one customer accounted for of total accounts receivable. Neither of these customers had more than of total revenue during the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 15 Table of Contents was due from the Company s CEO and is reflected in Due from executive in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2023, , was due to the Company s CEO and is reflected in Due to executive in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Revenues and Other Receivable During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized revenues of approximately and from entities which share common management. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an impairment related to the amounts owing from these affiliated entities in the amount of due to the deterioration of the affiliates financial position. As of September 30, 2024, the total amount due from these affiliates was which includes amounts earned in the previous year and all of which has been impaired as of September 30, 2024. Note receivable The Company has a note receivable with an entity controlled by the Company s CEO in the amount of . This note receivable does not bear or accrue interest, is unsecured and due on demand. Notes Payable The Company has 4 notes payable due to a related party as described in Note 8. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accrued interest due under these notes was - - for both periods. shares. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is redeemable, at the sole and complete option of the Company and then only with the consent of a majority of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock for per share. For so long as any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting separately as a class, shall have the right to vote on all shareholder matters (including, but not limited to at every meeting of the stockholders of the Company and upon any action taken by stockholders of . For the sake of clarity and in an abundance of caution, the total voting shares outstanding at the time of any and all shareholder votes (i.e., the total shares eligible to vote on any and all shareholder matters) shall be deemed to include (a) the total Common Stock shares outstanding; (b) the voting rights applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, other than the Series A Preferred Stock, if any; and (c) the voting rights attributable to the Series A Preferred Stock, as described herein, whether such Series A Preferred Stock shares are voted or not. On June 13, 2024 Claude Zdanow purchased the shares of Series A Preferred Stock from Elijah May directly. As a result of the transaction there was a change in control of the Company as further described in Note 2. Series B Preferred Stock The Series B Preferred Stock (Series B Stock) consists of shares having a Face Value of per share. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock converts into common stock at a conversion price equal to 90 of the Volume Weighted Average Price of the Company s common stock for the 10 days prior to any conversion. In addition, holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall receive a quarterly dividend equal to 2 of the total value of the Series B Preferred Stock, on a pro rata basis, issued and outstanding determined by multiplying the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock times the Face Value. Dividends may be paid in cash, common stock or Series B Preferred Stock at that discretion of the holder. The Series B Preferred Stock also have preference in liquidation to all other classes unless otherwise waived by the Holders. The Series B Preferred Stock have no voting rights. Additional rights and obligations are described in the exhibit attached hereto. 16 Table of Contents shares, having a Face Value of per share. . However, in the event of a Liquidation Event(1) the Series C Preferred Stock shall, in total, convert into exactly 51 of the sum of a) all Common Stock issued and outstanding; plus b) all the aggregate of all shares of Common Stock that would be issued upon the exercise of warrants or options, conversion of any convertible promissory notes, conversion of all other preferred shares, and any other instruments having vested rights to convert into Common Stock; plus c) the total of aggregate of all Series C Preferred Stock such that all Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall hold exactly fifty-two percent (52 of all issued and outstanding Common Stock, on a pro-rata basis, subject to the liquidation, merger, dissolution, winding up, or acquisition on a fully diluted basis. The Series C Preferred Stock shall be paid no dividends and have no voting rights. Additional rights and obligations are described in the exhibit attached hereto. Series D Preferred Stock The Series D Preferred Stock (Series D Stock) consists shares having a Face Value of per share. , effective at such time that the Company has taken such steps to increase the authorized number of shares of common stock sufficient to honor the conversion of all shares of Series D Preferred Stock. . Additional rights and obligations are described in the exhibit attached hereto. Common Shares The Company is authorized to issue shares authorized, par value. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote on matters submitted to the shareholders for approval. square feet of office space in Austin, Texas. On March 28, 2022, the Company entered into a new lease agreement for the office space, which has a term of months, through March 31, 2024, and a monthly rental cost of for the period from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023 and per month from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2024, together with costs and expenses of approximately per month for 2022. The real property lease contains provisions requiring payment of property taxes, utilities, insurance, maintenance and other occupancy costs applicable to the leased premise. As the Company s leases do not provide implicit discount rates, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. On March 8, 2024, the company extended the office lease for a term of months through November 30, 2025. The monthly rental cost for the period from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025 is and for the rental cost for the period from April 1, 2024 to November 30, 2025 is . 17 Table of Contents . The Company determined this lease represented an operating type lease at inception and recognized right-of-use asset and related lease liability of approximately . Initially, the Company measured the right of use asset and liability associated with this lease using the following inputs: Discount rate The Company records rent on straight-line basis over the terms of the underlying lease. Estimated future minimum lease payments under the lease as of December 31, 2023 are as follows: Total remaining lease payments Less: imputed interest Present value of remaining lease payments After netting off with 45,580 sublease rental income, rent expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was approximately and respectively, and was included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company paid approximately and respectively, in lease payments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and are included in the Company s operating cash flows for both periods. This lease expired on and was not renewed. Payroll tax liabilities For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company did not remit federal income tax, social security, Medicare or local and state income taxes which were withheld from the Company s employees payroll. The Company has estimated and accrued fines and penalties associated with the amounts which have not been remitted and includes this amounts in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance due was . 18 Table of Contents Promissory note due to a related party maturing on December 20, 2024, requiring interest only payments monthly, bearing interest at 18 per annum and secured by all HLDCO s assets. Promissory note due to a related party matured on November 21, 2023, requiring interest only payments monthly, bearing interest at 12 per annum and secured by all HLDCO s assets. This note was past due as of December 31, 2023 and was repaid during 2024. Promissory note due to a related party maturing on August 16, 2025, requiring interest only payments monthly, bearing interest at 18 per annum and secured by all HLDCO s assets. Promissory note due to a related party maturing on September 27, 2024, requiring interest only payments monthly, bearing interest at 12 per annum and secured by all HLDCO s assets. This note was past due as of September 30, 2024. Promissory note due to a related party maturing on November 10, 2024, requiring interest only payments monthly, bearing interest at 18 per annum and secured by all HLDCO s assets. This note became past due subsequent to September 30, 2024. Promissory notes issued between March 2024 and July 2024 due one year from issuance, requiring interest only payments monthly, bearing interest at 18 per annum and are unsecured. These notes mature March 2025 through July 2025. Term note with a bank secured by car, payable in monthly installments of 939, including interest at 6.79 through October 4, 2030 Total notes payable Construction Loan Effective on November 1, 2021, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Reliant Custom Homes, Inc., entered into an Extension of Real Estate Note and Lien with First United Bank and Trust Co. First United ), pursuant to which First United agreed to extend the due date of our borrowing facility in connection with the construction loan on our custom home, the construction of which has been completed. Effective on April 28, 2024, Reliant Custom Homes, Inc., entered into another Extension of Real Estate Note and Lien with First United pursuant to which First United agreed to extend the due date to July 28, 2024. Amounts borrowed under the loan bear interest at the rate of after the most recent modification, are secured by the land on which the Company has built a custom home, and are guaranteed by Reliant Pools, Inc., the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary. On May 17, 2024, the Company closed on the sale of the custom home and repaid the outstanding balance of the construction loan in full along with all interest. Line of Credit On July 28, 2022, The Company entered into a line of credit agreement with a financial institution. The line of credit matures on July 28, 2024, has an interest rate of per annum and requires monthly interest only payments with all principal and accrued interest due at maturity. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the outstanding principal totaled approximately and , respectively. years The Company s intangible assets as of December 31, 2023, are summarized as follows: years 19 Table of Contents 2025 2026 2027 2028 and bears interest at per annum. Any outstanding principal and accrued interest is due on the maturity date. The contractor also has the right to, in lieu of cash payments, provide future services to the Company in reduction of principal or interest. Cost of revenues General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Legal and professional Segment operating loss 20 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Introduction You should read the matters described in Risk Factors and the other cautionary statements made in this Report, and incorporated by reference herein, as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this Report. We cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this Report will prove to be accurate and therefore prospective investors are encouraged not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Other than as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements, even though our situation may change in the future. This information should be read in conjunction with the interim unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the audited financial statements and notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2024 (the Annual Report ). Certain capitalized terms used below and otherwise defined below, have the meanings given to such terms in the footnotes to our consolidated financial statements included above under Part I - Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements . In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we may rely on and refer to information regarding the industries in which we operate in general from market research reports, analyst reports and other publicly available information. Although we believe that this information is reliable, we cannot guarantee the accuracy and completeness of this information, we have not independently verified any of it, and we have not commissioned any such information. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to the Company, we, us, our, Reliant , Reliant Holdings and Reliant Holdings, Inc. refer specifically to Reliant Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. In addition, unless the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this Report only: Exchange Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; SEC or the Commission refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; and Securities Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Where You Can Find Other Information We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC like us at http://www.sec.gov (our filings can be found at https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany CIK=0001682265 ). Copies of documents filed by us with the SEC are also available from us without charge, upon oral or written request to our Secretary, who can be contacted at the address and telephone number set forth on the cover page of this Report. Our website address is https://www.reliantholdingsinc.com. The information on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report and should not be considered a part of this Report. 21 Table of Contents Summary of The Information Contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. MD A is organized as follows: Overview . Summary of our operations. Plan of Operations . A description of our plan of operations for the next 12 months including required funding. Results of Operations . An analysis of our financial results comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Liquidity and Capital Resources . An analysis of changes in our consolidated balance sheets and cash flows and discussion of our financial condition. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates . Accounting estimates that we believe are important to understanding the assumptions and judgments incorporated in our reported financial results and forecasts. Overview Corporate Information Our principal executive offices are located at 8605 Santa Monica Boulevard, PMB 36522, Los Angeles, CA 90069, and our telephone number is (213) 437-3081. Summary Description of Business Operations Onar On July 25, 2024, we acquired HLDCO, LLC and its wholly owned subsidiary, Integrum Group, LLC, which is currently undergoing a name change and rebranding ONAR ). ONAR, a leading marketing agency group, brings extensive expertise and a dynamic business model that will help enhance our market value. ONAR provides a host of services specifically focused on middle-market companies that need the flexibility of both specialized and holistic marketing services. ONAR currently operates three wholly owned and highly specialized marketing agencies: Storia, an artificial intelligence-enabled digital performance marketing agency; VMED, a healthcare marketing agency; and Chalk, an experiential marketing agency. As a network of marketing agencies, ONAR is structured for strategic mergers and acquisitions. Beyond organic growth, ONAR capitalizes on the rising cost of capital and decreasing multiples for marketing agency owners. Agencies acquired by ONAR can leverage our platform and resources to monetize their business better and lower their expenses. Additionally, by leveraging public equities, we offer sellers/partners the chance to secure future liquidity at higher valuations, backed by our extensive experience, making it attractive for them to join the ONAR family. ONAR s agencies currently serve B2B and B2C clients across diverse industries, including consumer products, manufacturing, business services, technology, e-commerce, healthcare, and more. The top productized services offered by ONAR agencies include paid digital advertising, search engine optimization, conversion rate optimization, web development, creative, field marketing, and experiential marketing. Residential Pools We, through our wholly-owned subsidiary Reliant Pools (which has been in operation since September 2013), are an award winning, custom, swimming pool construction company located in the greater Austin, Texas market. We assist customers with the design of, and then construct, recreational pools which blend in with the surroundings, geometric pools which complement the home s architecture and water features (e.g., waterfalls and negative edge pools) which provide the relaxing sounds of moving water. Moving forward, we may expand our custom pool construction operations locally and regionally, and nationally. To date, the majority of our growth has been through referral business. We offer a wide variety of pool projects based upon price and the desires of the client. When our sales personnel meet with a prospective customer, we provide them with an array of projects from the basic pool building to more high-end projects that may include waterfalls, mason work, backyard lighting and in-ground spas to highlight the outdoor living experience. 22 Table of Contents Plan of Operations We had working capital deficit of 3.5 million as of September 30, 2024. With our current cash on hand, expected revenues, and based on our current average monthly expenses, we currently anticipate the need for additional funding in order to continue our operations at their current levels and to pay the costs associated with being a public company. Our plan for the next twelve months is to continue using the same marketing and management strategies and continue providing a quality product with excellent customer service while also seeking to expand our operations organically or through acquisitions as funding and opportunities arise. We plan to raise additional required funding through the sale of debt or equity, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and may, if sold, cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. If we are unable to access additional capital moving forward, the Company may be unable to continue to operate and may need to wind down operations. Results of Operations For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 We had revenue of 898,797 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to revenue of 668,432 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 230,365 or 34 from the prior period. The increase in revenues was primarily due to drive by the acquisition of Reliant Holdings and its related pool business. We had cost of goods sold of 679,891 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cost of goods sold of 360,613 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 319,278 or 89 from the prior period. This increase is primarily due to the acquisition of Reliant Holdings during the period. We had operating expenses of 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to operating expenses of 536,581 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, representing an increase of 552,987 or 103 . This increase was related to costs of compliance related to our acquisition of Reliant Holdings and the impairment of certain accounts receivable due from affiliated entities whose financial condition deteriorated during the period which resulted in collection of the balance being in doubt. For both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we had nominal income from interest. We had interest expense of 153,409 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to interest expense of 36,300 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to interest costs in connection with new loans during 2024 to fund operations as described in greater detail under Liquidity and Capital Resources below. For the Nine months Ended September 30, 2024, compared to the Nine months Ended September 30, 2023 We had revenue of 2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to revenue of 2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 37,900 or 2 from the prior period. Our revenues from our marketing business declined during the period, which was offset by the acquisition of Reliant Holdings during the third quarter of 2024. Declines in our core marketing business were the result of select clients no longer being serviced by the Company in favor of seeking more profitable clients. 23 Table of Contents We had cost of goods sold of 1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to cost of goods sold of 1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 229,365 or 13 from the prior period. The decline was largely the result of decreases in workflow during the period and corresponds to the decrease in revenue. We had operating expenses of 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to operating expenses of 1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was the result of management s continued efforts to reduce overhead through the strategic reduction of costs during the period but was offset by the impairment of certain accounts receivable due from affiliated entities whose financial condition deteriorated during the period which resulted in collection of the balance being in doubt. We had interest expense of 301,581 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to interest expense of 56,907 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to interest costs in connection with new loans during 2024 to fund operations as described in greater detail under Liquidity and Capital Resources below. We had merger and transaction related expenses of 281,525 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and compared to 85,827 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase is the result of additional costs incurred for the acquisition of Reliant Holdings during the period as well as the investigation of other potential acquisitions none of which resulted in any binding commitments. Liquidity and Capital Resources We had total assets of 3.1 as of September 30, 2024, consisting of total current assets of 701,760, which included cash of 463,424, and accounts receivable of 131,903. We had total and current liabilities of 4.2 as of September 30, 2024, including accounts payable of 159,233 and accrued expenses of 998,232, contract liabilities, relating to billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted jobs of 80,229, and notes payable maturing within one year of 2.7. We had a working capital deficit of 3.5 as of September 30, 2024, compared to a working capital deficit of 1.7 as of December 31, 2023. We had 1.3 million of net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 746,171 of net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net cash used in operating activities for the 2024 period was mainly due to our net loss for the period. For the 2023 period, net cash used in operating activities was mainly due to a net loss for the period. We had 68,775 of cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by our acquisition of Reliant Holdings, Inc. We had 563,262 of net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was due primarily by a loan made to a non-executive employee of the Company and the acquisition of intangible assets during the period We had 1.8 million of cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by the issuance of new debt instruments offset by repayments of previous balances and the repayment of advances form related parties and shareholders. We had 1.3 of net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was driven primarily by the issuance of debt instruments to related parties and contributions from members 24 Table of Contents We do not currently have any additional commitments or identified sources of additional capital from third parties or from our officers, directors or majority stockholders. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. In the future, we may be required to seek additional capital by selling additional debt or equity securities, or otherwise be required to bring cash flows in balance when we approach a condition of cash insufficiency. The sale of additional equity or debt securities, if accomplished, may result in dilution to our then stockholders. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In the event we are unable to raise additional funding and/or obtain revenues sufficient to support our expenses, we may be forced to curtail or abandon our business operations, and any investment in the Company could become worthless. Review of Strategic Alternatives The costs and expenses of our public reporting obligations are material, and materially affect our quarterly results of operations and profitability. As a result, the Company has initiated a formal review process to evaluate strategic alternatives for the Company. Mr. Zdanow, as sole officer and director, is committed to acting in the best interests of the Company, its stockholders and its stakeholders. In the future, we or our majority stockholders (including Claude Zdanow, our sole officer and director and Michael Chavez, a significant shareholder of the Company), may enter into transactions with parties seeking to merge and/or acquire us and/or our operations. While we have not entered into any definitive binding acquisition agreements with any such parties to date, in the event that we do enter into such a definitive binding transaction or transactions in the future, our majority stockholders will likely change and new shares of common stock or preferred stock could be issued resulting in substantial dilution to our then current stockholders. As a result, our new majority stockholders may change the composition of our Board of Directors (currently consisting solely of Mr. Zdanow) and replace our current management. Any future transaction may also result in a change in our business focus. We have not entered into any definitive acquisition agreements relating to any strategic transaction involving the Company as of the date of this filing and may not enter into such agreements in the future. Any future strategic transaction involving the Company or its operations may have a material effect on our operations, cash flows, results of operations, prospects, plan of operations, the quotation of our common stock on the OTCQB Market, our officers, directors and majority stockholders, and ultimately the value of our securities. There is no deadline or definitive timetable set for completion of the strategic alternatives review process and there can be no assurance that this process will result in the Company pursuing a transaction or any other strategic outcome. The Company does not intend to make any further public comment regarding the review of strategic alternatives until it has been completed or the Company determines that a disclosure is required by law or otherwise deemed appropriate. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and the Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates, and such differences may be material. Note 1. The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q and Note 1. The Company and Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8, of the 2023 Annual Report, describe the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. 25 Table of Contents Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Pursuant to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company, as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1). Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We have established and maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In connection with the preparation of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer), carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, as required by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on the evaluation described above, our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting to ensure we maintain an effective internal control environment. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Material Weakness in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting We identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that exists as of September 30, 2024. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We determined that we had a material weakness because, due to our small size, and our limited number of personnel, we did not have in place an effective internal control environment with formal processes and procedures, to allow for a detailed review of accounting transactions that would identify errors in a timely manner. Notwithstanding the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we have concluded that the consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 26 Table of Contents Part II Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings Although we may, from time to time, be involved in litigation and claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business, we are not currently a party to any material legal proceeding. In addition, we are not aware of any material legal or governmental proceedings against us or contemplated to be brought against us. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the SEC on April 18, 2024, under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors , except as discussed below, and investors should review the risks provided in the Annual Report, and below, prior to making an investment in the Company. The business, financial condition and operating results of the Company can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those described in the Annual Report, under Item 1A. Risk Factors , and below, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause the Company s actual financial condition and operating results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and operating results. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, operating results and stock price. We may enter into strategic transactions in the future which may result in a material change in our operations and/or a change of control. The costs and expenses of our public reporting obligations are material, and materially affect our quarterly results of operations and profitability. In the future, we or our majority stockholders (including Claude Zdanow, our sole officer and director and Michael Chavez, a significant shareholder of the Company), may enter into transactions with parties seeking to merge and/or acquire us and/or our operations. While we have not entered into any definitive binding acquisition agreements with any such parties to date, in the event that we do enter into such a definitive binding transaction or transactions in the future, our majority stockholders will likely change and new shares of common stock or preferred stock could be issued resulting in substantial dilution to our then current stockholders. As a result, our new majority stockholders may change the composition of our Board of Directors (currently consisting solely of Mr. Zdanow) and replace our current management. Any future transaction may also result in a change in our business focus. We have not entered into any definitive acquisition agreements relating to any strategic transaction involving the Company as of the date of this filing and may not enter into such agreements in the future. Any future strategic transaction involving the Company or its operations may have a material effect on our operations, cash flows, results of operations, prospects, plan of operations, the quotation of our common stock on the OTCQB Market, our officers, directors and majority stockholders, and ultimately the value of our securities. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities There have been no sales of unregistered securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and from the period from October 1, 2024 to the filing date of this Report. 27 Table of Contents Use of Proceeds From Sale of Registered Securities None. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information . (c) Rule 10b5-1(c) Trading Plans. Our director and executive officer may from time to time enter into plans or other arrangements for the purchase or sale of our shares that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5 - 1 (c) or may represent a non-Rule 10b5 - 1 trading arrangement under the Exchange Act. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a - 1 (f)) adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5 - 1 (c) or any non-Rule 10b5 - 1 trading arrangement. 28 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Filed/ Furnished Incorporated By Reference Number Description of Exhibit Herewith Form Exhibit Filing Date File Number 3.1 Articles of Incorporation as amended and restated S-1 3.1 10/27/2016 333-214274 3.2 Certificate of Designations of Reliant Holdings, Inc., Establishing the Designations, Preferences, Limitations and Relative Rights of Its Series A Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on June 15, 2021 8-K 3.1 6/17/2021 000-56012 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws S-1 3.2 10/27/2016 333-214274 10.1 Standard Form of Construction Contract S-1 10.1 10/27/2016 333-214274 10.2 Voting Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2017, by and among Michael Chavez and Elijah May 8-K 10.1 11/7/2017 333-214274 10.3 Form of Construction Loan Agreement dated April 28, 2020, by and between Reliant Custom Homes, Inc. and First United Bank and Trust Co. 10-Q 10.7 5/19/2020 000-56012 10.4 Form of Promissory Note in the amount of 221,000, dated April 28, 2020, by Reliant Custom Homes, Inc. in favor of First United Bank and Trust Co. 10-Q 10.8 5/19/2020 000-56012 10.5 Form of Commercial Guaranty dated April 28, 2020, by Reliant Holdings, Inc., in favor of First United Bank and Trust Co. 10-Q 10.9 5/19/2020 000-56012 10.6 Form of Commercial Guaranty dated April 28, 2020, by Reliant Pools, Inc., in favor of First United Bank and Trust Co. 10-Q 10.1 5/19/2020 000-56012 10.7 Form of Construction Deed of Trust Form dated April 28, 2020, by Reliant Custom Homes, Inc. in favor of First United Bank and Trust Co. 10-Q 10.11 5/19/2020 000-56012 10.8 Paycheck Protection Program Promissory Note and Agreement dated May 4, 2020 by and between Wells Fargo Bank N.A. and Reliant Pools, Inc., evidencing the loan of 51,113 10-Q 10.12 5/19/2020 000-56012 10.9 Lock-Up Agreement dated January 27, 2021, between Reliant Holdings, Inc. and Michael Chavez 10-K 10.9 3/31/2021 000-56012 10.10 Reliant Holdings, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 8-K 10.2 6/17/2021 000-56012 10.11 Form of 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Option Award Grant Agreement S-8 4.1 8/3/2021 333-258392 10.12 Form of 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Grant Agreement S-8 4.2 8/3/2021 333-258392 10.13 Extension of Real Estate Note and Lien dated April 26, 2021, by and between Reliant Custom Homes, Inc. and Frist United Bank and Trust Co. 10-Q 10.13 8/16/2021 000-56012 10.14 Extension of Real Estate Note and Lien dated November 1, 2021, by and between Reliant Custom Homes, Inc. and Frist United Bank and Trust Co. 10-K 10.14 4/13/2022 000-56012 10.15 Extension of Real Estate Note and Lien dated April 26, 2022, by and between Reliant Custom Homes, Inc. and First United Bank and Trust Co. 10-Q 10.15 5/18/2022 000-56012 10.16 Extension of Real Estate Note and Lien dated October 28, 2022, by and between Reliant Custom Homes, Inc. and First United Bank and Trust Co. 10-K 10.16 4/10/2023 000-56012 10.17 Extension of Real Estate Note and Lien dated May 1, 2023, by and between Reliant Custom Homes, Inc. and First United Bank and Trust Co. 10-Q 10.17 5/18/2023 000-56012 14.1 Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct S-1 14.1 10/27/2016 333-214274 16.1 Letter from PWR CPA, LLP, dated November 15, 2023 8-K 16.1 11/15/2023 000-56012 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set Filed herewith. Furnished Herewith. Exhibit constitutes a management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. 29 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. RELIANT HOLDINGS, INC. Date: December 20, 2024 By: /s/ Claude Zdanow Claude Zdanow Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 reliant_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 reliant_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Claude Zdanow, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Reliant Holdings, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 20, 2024 By: /s/ Claude Zdanow Claude Zdanow Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 reliant_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 reliant_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Reliant Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Claude Zdanow, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: December 20, 2024 By: /s/ Claude Zdanow Claude Zdanow Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial/Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 reliant-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 reliant-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 reliant-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 reliant-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

