<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_104889_0000104889-24-000065.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13777186</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127898</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2075492</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5311300</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3349001</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2585511</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000104889-24-000065.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030082612
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000104889-24-000065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Graham Holdings Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000104889
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				530182885
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06714
		FILM NUMBER:		241407533

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 NORTH 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22209
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7033456300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1300 NORTH 17TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WASHINGTON POST CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000104889-24-000065.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 ghc-20240930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

ghc-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 Commission File Number 
 MPANY 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. . No . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). . No . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes . No . 
 Shares outstanding at October 25, 2024: 
 Class A Common Stock Shares 
 Class B Common Stock Shares 

GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 Index to Form 10-Q 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Common Stockholders' Equity 
 5 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 
 Organization, Basis of Presentation and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 7 
 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions of Businesses 
 8 
 
 Investments 
 9 
 
 Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Vehicle Floor Plan Payable and Accrued Liabilities 
 11 
 
 Inventories and Contracts in Progress 
 12 
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 12 
 
 Debt 
 14 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 15 
 
 Revenue From Contracts With Customers 
 17 
 
 Earnings Loss) Per Share 
 17 
 
 Pension and Postretirement Plans 
 19 
 
 Other Non-Operating (Expense) Income 
 21 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 22 
 
 Contingencies 
 23 
 
 Business Segments 
 23 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 27 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 39 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 40 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 40 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 41 

Signatures 
 42 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating Revenues Sales of services Sales of goods Operating Costs and Expenses Cost of services sold (exclusive of items shown below) Cost of goods sold (exclusive of items shown below) Selling, general and administrative Depreciation of property, plant and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets Income (Loss) fr om Operations 
 ) Equity i n losses of affiliates, net 
 ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Non-operating pension and postretirement benefit income, net Gain o n marketable equity securities, net 
 Other (expense) income, net ) Income (Loss) Be fore Income Taxes 
 ) Provision for Income Taxes 
 Ne t Income (Loss) 
 ) Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests ) ) ) ) Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Graham Holdings Company Common Stockholders 
 ) Per Share Information Attributable to Graham Holdings Company Common Stockholders 
 Basic ne t income (loss) p er common share 
 ) Basic average number of common shares outstanding Diluted net income (loss) p er common share 
 ) Diluted average number of common shares outstanding 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended September 30 Nine Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income (Loss) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Before Tax 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments: Translation adjustments arising during the period ) ) Adjustment for sale of a business with foreign operations ) ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement plans: Amortization of net prior service (credit) cost included in net income 
 ) ) Amortization of net actuarial gain included in net income 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedges loss ) ) ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Before Tax 
 ) ) ) Income tax benefit related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax ) ) ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Total Comprehensive Income (Loss) Attributable to Graham Holdings Company ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 As of (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Investments in marketable equity securities and other investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories and contracts in progress Prepaid expenses Income taxes receivable Other current assets Total Current Assets Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Lease Right-of-Use Assets Investments in Affiliates Goodwill, Net Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Amortized Intangible Assets, Net Prepaid Pension Cost Deferred Income Taxes Deferred Charges and Other Assets 
 Total Assets Liabilities and Equity Current Liabilities Accounts payable, vehicle floor plan payable and accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Income taxes payable Current portion of lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Dividends declared Total Current Liabilities Accrued Compensation and Related Benefits Other Liabilities Deferred Income Taxes Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Lease Liabilities Long-Term Debt Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 14) 
 Preferred Stock Common Stockholders Equity Common stock Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of taxes Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrealized gain on pensions and other postretirement plans Cash flow hedges ) ) Cost of Class B common stock held in treasury ) ) Total Common Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and goodwill and other long-lived asset impairments Amortization of lease right-of-use asset Net pension benefit, early retirement program and special separation benefit expense ) ) Gain on marketable equity securities and cost method investments, net ) ) Gain on disposition of a business, property, plant and equipment and investments, net ) ) Credit loss expense and provision for other receivables Stock-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures Foreign exchange loss (gain) ) Equity in losses of affiliates, net of distributions 
 Provision for deferred income taxes Accretion expense and change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Deferred revenue Income taxes receivable/payable Lease liabilities ) ) Other assets and other liabilities, net ) Other ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sales of marketable equity securities Net proceeds from disposition of a business, property, plant and equipment and investments 
 Purchases of marketable equity securities ) ) Investments in certain businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Investments in equity affiliates and cost method investments 
 ) ) Loan to related party ) ) Other Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Common shares repurchased ) ) Net payments under revolving credit facilities ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Repayments of borrowings ) ) Net proceeds from vehicle floor plan payable Deferred payments of acquisitions ) ) Proceeds from bank overdrafts Issuance of borrowings Other ) ) Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) Effect of Currency Exchange Rate Change ) Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Beginning Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash Ending Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (in thousands) Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Treasury Stock Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest As of December 31, 2023 ) Net income for the period Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests Noncontrolling interest capital contribution Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Repurchase of Class B common stock ) ) Issuance of Class B common stock, net of restricted stock award forfeitures ) ) Amortization of unearned stock compensation and stock option expense Other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes ) ) As of March 31, 2024 ) Net loss for the period ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Repurchase of Class B common stock ) ) Issuance of Class B common stock ) Amortization of unearned stock compensation and stock option expense Other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes ) ) As of June 30, 2024 ) Net income for the period Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests Noncontrolling interest capital contribution Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Repurchase of Class B common stock ) ) Issuance of Class B common stock ) Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) Amortization of unearned stock compensation and stock option expense Other comprehensive income, net of income taxes As of September 30, 2024 ) 
 5 

(in thousands) Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Treasury Stock Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest As of December 31, 2022 ) Net income for the period Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests Noncontrolling interest capital contribution Distribution to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Repurchase of Class B common stock ) ) Issuance of Class B common stock ) Amortization of unearned stock compensation and stock option expense Other comprehensive income, net of income taxes As of March 31, 2023 ) Net income for the period Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Repurchase of Class B common stock ) ) Forfeiture of restricted stock awards, net of Class B common stock issuances ) ) Amortization of unearned stock compensation and stock option expense 
 Other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes ) ) As of June 30, 2023 ) Net loss for the period ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests Noncontrolling interest capital contribution Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Repurchase of Class B common stock ) ) Issuance of Class B common stock ) Amortization of unearned stock compensation and stock option expense Other comprehensive loss, net of income taxes ) ) As of September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 1. 
 television broadcasting stations and provides social media management tools designed to connect newsrooms with their users. 
 The Company s manufacturing companies comprise the ownership of a supplier of pressure treated wood, a manufacturer of electrical solutions, a manufacturer of lifting solutions, and a supplier of parts used in electric utilities and industrial systems. 
 The Company s healthcare segment provides home health, hospice and palliative services, in-home specialty pharmacy infusion therapies, applied behavior analysis therapy, physician services for allergy, asthma and immunology patients, in-home aesthetics, and healthcare software-as-a-service technology. 
 The Company s automotive business comprises dealerships and valet repair services. 
 The Company s other businesses include an online art gallery and in-person art fair business; an online commerce platform featuring original art and designs on an array of consumer products; an owner and operator of websites; restaurants; a custom framing company; a marketing solutions provider; a customer data and analytics software company; Slate and Foreign Policy magazines; and a daily local news podcast and newsletter company. 
 Revision of Prior Period Amounts. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company identified misstatements in its previously issued Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets which had a related impact to the changes in assets and liabilities within operating cash flows. 
 ) Deferred revenue Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 7 

2. 
 small business which is included in its international division. 
 In January 2024, the Company acquired small business which is included in other businesses. 
 During 2023, the Company acquired businesses: in healthcare, in automotive, and in other businesses for million in cash and contingent consideration and the assumption of floor plan payables. The assets and liabilities of the companies acquired were recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. 
 In January 2023, Graham Healthcare Group (GHG) acquired small businesses which are included in healthcare. 
 In July 2023, the Company acquired small business which is included in other businesses. 
 In September 2023, the Company s automotive subsidiary acquired a Toyota automotive dealership, including the real property for the dealership operations. In addition to a cash payment and the assumption of million in floor plan payables, the automotive subsidiary borrowed million to finance the acquisition. The dealership is operated and managed by an entity affiliated with Christopher J. Ourisman, a member of the Ourisman Automotive Group family of dealerships. This acquisition expands the Company s automotive business operations and is included in automotive. 
 In December 2023, GHG acquired small business which is included in healthcare. 
 8 

million and were expensed as incurred. 
 Inventory Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Indefinite-lived intangible assets Amortized intangible assets Other assets Floor plan payables ) Other liabilities ) Current and noncurrent lease liabilities ) Aggregate purchase price, net of cash acquired 
 Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the estimated future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The goodwill recorded due to these acquisitions is attributable to the assembled workforces of the acquired companies and expected synergies. The Company expects to deduct million of goodwill for income tax purposes for the acquisitions completed in 2023. 
 The acquired companies were consolidated into the Company s financial statements starting on their respective acquisition dates. 
 Net (loss) income ) 
 These pro forma results were based on estimates and assumptions, which the Company believes are reasonable, and include the historical results of operations of the acquired companies and adjustments for depreciation and amortization of identified assets and the effect of pre-acquisition transaction related expenses incurred by the Company and the acquired entities. The pro forma information does not include efficiencies, cost reductions and synergies expected to result from the acquisitions. They are not the results that would have been realized had these entities been part of the Company during the periods presented and are not necessarily indicative of the Company s consolidated results of operations in future periods. 
 Disposition of Businesses. In June and September 2024, World of Good Brands (WGB) completed the sales of small businesses which were included in other businesses. In July 2024, Kaplan completed the sale of a small business, Red Marker, which was included in Kaplan International (see Note 12). 
 In June 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to merge the Pinna business with Realm of Possibility, Inc. (Realm) in return for an additional noncontrolling financial interest in Realm (the Pinna transaction). The Company deconsolidated the Pinna subsidiary, which was included in other businesses, and continues to account for its interest in Realm under the equity method of accounting (see Note 3). 
 Other Transactions. In December 2023, the Company acquired some of the minority-owned shares of CSI Pharmacy Holding Company, LLC (CSI) for a total amount of million. The Company paid cash of million and entered into a promissory note with the minority owners for the remaining million at an interest rate of per annum. The note is included in other indebtedness (see Note 7) and payable in quarterly installments with the final payment due by January 1, 2027. Following the redemption, the Company owns of CSI. 
 
 3. 
 million and million, respectively, that are classified as cash and cash equivalents in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 9 

Gross unrealized gains 
 Gross unrealized losses ) Total Fair Value 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company owned shares in Markel Group Inc. (Markel) valued at million and million, respectively. The Chief Executive Officer of Markel, Mr. Thomas S. Gayner, is a member of the Company s Board of Direct o rs. As of September 30, 2024, the Company owned Class A and Class B shares in Berkshire Hathaway valued at million, which exceeded of the Company s total assets. 
 The Company purchased million of marketable equity securities during the first nine months of 2024. The Company purchased million of marketable equity securities during the first nine months of 2023. 
 During the first nine m onths of 2024 , the gross cumulative realized net gains from the sales of marketable equity securities were million . The total proceeds from such sales were million . During the first nine months of 2023, the gross cumulative realized net gains from the sales of marketable equity securities were million. The total proceeds from such sales were million. 
 Less: Net gains in earnings from marketable equity securities sold and donated 
 ) ) ) Net unrealized gains in earnings from marketable equity securities still held at the end of the period 

Investments in Affiliates. As of September 30, 2024, the Company held a and interest in N2K Networks and Realm, respectively, on a fully diluted basis, and accounts for these investments under the equity method. The Company holds one of the four seats of N2K Networks governing board with the other shareholders retaining substantive participation rights to control the financial and operating decisions of N2K Networks through representation on the board. In May 2024, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement to loan N2K Networks million. The convertible promissory note bears interest at a rate of per annum and, subject to conversion provisions, all unpaid interest and principal are due by May 2027. In the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million on its investment in N2K Networks as a result of the investee exiting a significant product offering following losses incurred in the current and prior year. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company held an approximate interest in Intersection Holdings, LLC (Intersection), and accounts for its investment under the equity method. The Company holds two of the ten seats of Intersection s governing board, which allows the Company to exercise significant influence over Intersectio n. The Company loaned Intersection million, which is repayable over years at an interest rate of per annum. T he outstanding balance on this loan was million as of September 30, 2024. The loan is repayable by May 2028. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company also held investments in several other affiliates; GHG held a interest in each of the following affiliates: Residential Home Health Illinois, Residential Hospice Illinois, Mary Free Bed at Home, and Allegheny Health Network (AHN) Healthcare at Home. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, in revenue for services provided to the affiliates of GHG. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, in revenue for services provided to the affiliates of GHG. 
 Additionally, Kaplan International Holdings Limited (KIHL) held a interest in a joint venture formed with University of York. KIHL loaned the joint venture million, which is repayable over years at an interest rate of and guaranteed by the University of York. The outstanding balance on this loan was million as of September 30, 2024. The loan is repayable by December 2041. 
 10 

million and million in its investment account that represents cumulative undistributed income in its investments in affiliates as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded gains of million to equity securities that are accounted for as cost method investments based on observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded impairment losses of million to those equity securities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded gains of million to those equity securities based on observable transactions. 
 
 4. 
 and 
 Other receivables 
 Credit loss expense was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Credit loss expense was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Vehicle floor plan payable Accrued compensation and related benefits Other accrued liabilities 
 Cash overdrafts of million and million are included in accounts payable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company finances new, used and service loaner vehicle inventory through standardized floor plan facilities with Truist Bank and Toyota Motor Credit Corporation (Truist and Toyota floor plan facility) and Ford Motor Credit Company (Ford floor plan facility). At September 30, 2024, the floor plan facilities bore interest at variable rates that are based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and prime-based interest rates. The weighted average interest rate for the floor plan facilities was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The weighted average interest rate for the floor plan facilities was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Changes in the vehicle floor plan payable are reported as cash flows from financing activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 The floor plan facilities are collateralized by vehicle inventory and other assets of the relevant dealership subsidiary, and contain a number of covenants, including, among others, covenants restricting the dealership subsidiary with respect to the creation of liens and changes in ownership, officers and key management personnel. The Company was in compliance with all of these restrictive covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 The floor plan interest expense related to the vehicle floor plan arrangements is offset by amounts received from manufacturers in the form of floor plan assistance capitalized in inventory and recorded against cost of goods sold in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations when the associated inventory is sold. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized a reduction in cost of goods sold of million and million, respectively, related to manufacturer floor plan assistance. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized a reduction in cost of goods sold of million and million, respectively, related to manufacturer floor plan assistance. 
 11 

million and million, respectively, in obligations outstanding related to floor plan facilities associated with new vehicles. 
 
 5. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Contracts in progress 
 
 6. 
 million . The Company estimated the fair value of the reporting unit and amortized intangible asset by utilizing a discounted cash flow model. The carrying value of the reporting unit and amortized intangible asset exceeded their estimated fair values, resulting in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges for the amount by which the carrying values exceeded their estimated fair value s. WGB is included in other businesses. 
 In the third quarter of 2023, due to continued sustained weakness in demand for certain Dekko power and data products primarily in the commercial office space market, th e Company performed an interim review of the goodwill of the Dekko reporting unit. As a result of the impairment review, the Company recorded a million goodwill impairment charge. Also in the third quarter of 2023, as a result of the substantial digital advertising revenue declines and continued significant operating losses at WGB , th e Company performed an interim review of the goodwill of the WGB reporting unit. As a result of the impairment review, the Company recorded a million goodwill impairment charge. The Company estimated the fair value of the reporting units by utilizing a discounted cash flow model. The carrying value of the reporting units exceeded their estimated fair values, resulting in goodwill impairment charges for the amount by which the carrying values exceeded their e stimated fair values after taking into account the effect of deferred income taxes. Dekko is included in manufacturing and WGB is included in other businesses. 
 Amortization of intangible assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively. Amortization of intangible assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was million and million, respectively. Amortization of intangible assets is estimated to be approximately million for the remainder of 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million in 2028 and million thereafter. 
 12 

Accumulated impairment losses 
 ) ) ) ) Acquisitions Impairments ) ) Dispositions ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses 
 ) ) ) ) 
 Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) Acquisitions Dispositions ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) 
 years 
 Trade names and trademarks 
 years (1) 
 Network affiliation agreements 
 years 
 Databases and technology 
 years 
 Other 
 years 
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 Franchise agreements Trade names and trademarks FCC licenses Other 
 ___________ 
 (1) years. 
 13 

7. 
 Revolving credit facility 2027 - 
 Term loan (2) 
 2027 - 
 Real estate term loan (3) 
 2028 - 
 Capital term loan (4) 
 2028 - 
 Other indebtedness 2024 - 2032 - 
 Total Debt Less: current portion ) ) Total Long-Term Debt 
 ___________ _ 
 (1) million and million of unamortized debt issuance costs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively . 
 (2) million of unamortized debt issuance costs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (3) million of unamortized debt issuance costs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (4) million and million of unamortized debt issuance costs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s unsecured notes, based on quoted market prices (Level 2 fair value assessment), totaled million and million, respectively. 
 The outstanding balance on the Company s million unsecured revolving credit facility was million as of September 30, 2024, consisting of British Pound (GBP) borrowings of million with interest payable at Daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) plus . 
 The fair value of the Company s other debt, which is based on Level 2 inputs, approximates its carrying value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company is in compliance with all financial covenants of the revolving credit facility and term loans as of September 30, 2024. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had average borrowings outstanding of approximately million and million, respectively, at average annual interest rates of approximately and , respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred net interest expense of million and million, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had average borrowings outstanding of approximately million and million, respectively, at average annual interest rates of approximately and , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred net interest expense of million and million, respectively. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorde d interest expense of million and million , respectively, to adjust the fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded interest expense of million and million, respectively, to adjust the fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest. The fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest was based on the fair value of the underlying subsidiaries owned by GHC One LLC (GHC One) and GHC Two LLC (GHC Two), after taking into account any debt and other noncontrolling interests of its subsidiary investments. The fair value of the owned subsidiaries is determined by reference to either a discounted cash flow or EBITDA multiple, which approximates fair value (Level 3 fair value assessment) (See Note 8). 
 On September 26, 2023, the Company s automotive subsidiary entered into a credit agreement with Truist Bank to finance the acquisition of the Toyota of Richmond dealership and to repay the outstanding balances of the commercial notes maturing in 2031 and 2032. The related interest rate swap agreements maturing in 2031 and 2032 were also terminated resulting in realized gains of million that reduced interest expense during the third quarter of 2023. 
 14 

8. 
 Marketable equity securities (2) 
 Other current investments (3) 
 Total Financial Assets 
 Liabilities 

Contingent consideration liabilities (4) 
 Interest rate swaps (5) 
 Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest (6) 
 Total Financial Liabilities 

As of December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets 

Money market investments (1) 
 Marketable equity securities (2) 
 Other current investments (3) 
 Total Financial Assets 
 Liabilities 

Contingent consideration liabilities (4) 
 Interest rate swaps (5) 
 Foreign exchange swap (7) 
 Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest (6) 
 Total Financial Liabilities 
 
 ____________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 (7) 

15 

Acquisition of business Changes in fair value (1) 
 ) Capital contributions 
 Accretion of value included in net income (1) 
 Settlements or distributions 
 ) ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes 
 As of September 30, 2024 
 
 (in thousands) Contingent consideration liabilities Mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest As of December 31, 2022 Acquisition of business Changes in fair value (1) 
 ) Capital contributions 
 Accretion of value included in net income (1) 
 Settlements or distributions 
 ) ) As of September 30, 2023 
 ____________ 
 (1) 
 Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest. The mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest represents the ownership portion of a group of minority shareholders, consisting of a group of senior managers of the healthcare business, in subsidiaries of GHG. The Company established GHC One and GHC Two as vehicles to invest in a portfolio of healthcare businesses together with the group of senior managers of GHG. As the holder of preferred units, the Company is obligated to contribute of the capital required for the acquisition of portfolio investments with the remaining of the capital coming from the group of senior managers. The operating agreements of GHC One and GHC Two require the dissolution of the entities on March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2029, respectively, at which time the net assets will be distributed to its members. As a preferred unit holder, the Company will receive an amount up to its contributed capital plus a preferred annual return of (guaranteed return) after the group of senior managers has received the redemption of their interest in net assets (manager return). All distributions in excess of the manager and guaranteed return will be paid to common unit holders, which currently comprise the group of senior managers of GHG. The Company may convert its preferred units to common units at any time after which it will receive of all distributions in excess of the manager return, with the remaining of excess distributions going to the group of senior managers as holders of the other common units. The mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest is reported as a noncurrent liability at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges of million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded goodwill and other long-lived asset impairment charges of million and million, respectively. The remeasurement of goodwill and other long-lived assets is classified as a Level 3 fair value assessment due to the significance of unobservable inputs developed in the determination of the fair value. The Company used a discounted cash flow model to determine the estimated fair value of the reporting units and other long-lived assets. The Company made estimates and assumptions regarding future cash flows, discount rates and long-term growth rates. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded gains of million to equity securities that are accounted for as cost method investments based on observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded gains of million to equity securities that are accounted for as cost method investments based on observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded impairment losses of million to equity securities that are accounted for as cost method investments. 
 16 

million on one of its investments in affiliates (see Note 3). The Company used a market approach to determine the estimated fair value of its investment in the affiliate. 
 
 9. 
 and of its revenue from U.S. domestic sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The remaining and of revenue was generated from non-U.S. sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, and of revenue was from U.S domestic sales and the remaining and of revenue was generated from non-U.S. sales. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized of its revenue over time as control of the services and goods transferred to the customer, and the remaining at a point in time, when the customer obtained control of the promised goods. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized and of its revenue over time, and the remaining and at a point in time. 
 Contract Assets. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a contract asset of million related to a contract at a Kaplan International business, which is included in Deferred Charges and Other Assets. The Company expects to recognize an additional million related to the remaining performance obligation in the contract over the next . As of December 31, 2023, the contract asset was million. Additional contract assets of million are included in current assets on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024. 
 Deferred Revenue. The Company records deferred revenue when cash payments are received or due in advance of the Company s performance which includes some payments that are refundable due to the contractual right of the customer to cancel the agreement. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and of the Company s deferred revenue consisted of prepaid amounts which are refundable. 
 
 The majority of the change in the deferred revenue balance is related to the cyclical nature of services in the Kaplan international division. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million related to the Company s deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023, including million of prepaid amounts which were refundable at the prior year-end. 
 Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents deferred revenue amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. As of September 30, 2024, the deferred revenue balance related to certain medical and nursing qualifications with an original contract length greater than at Kaplan Supplemental Education was million. Kaplan Supplemental Education expects to recognize of this revenue over the next and the remainder thereafter. 
 Costs to Obtain a Contract. 
 ) 
 The majority of other activity was related to currency translation adjustments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 10. 
 17 

) Less: Dividends paid-common stock outstanding and unvested restricted shares 
 ) ) ) ) Undistribu ted earnings (loss) 
 ) Percent allocated to common stockholders (1) 
 ) Add: Dividends paid-common stock outstanding Numerator for b asic earnings (loss) per sha re 
 ) Add: Additional undistributed earnings due to dilutive stock options 
 Numerator for dilu ted earnings (loss) per shar e 
 ) Denominator: Denominator for b asic earnings (loss) per share: 
 Weighted average shares outstanding Add: Effect of dilutive stock options Denominator for dilu ted earnings (loss) per s hare 
 Graham Holdings Company Common Stockholders: B asic earnings (loss) p er share 
 ) Dilu ted earnings (loss) per share 
 ) ____________ 
 Earnings (loss) pe r share amounts may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 (1) Percent of undistributed losses allocated to common stockholders is 100 in the three months ended September 30, 2023 as participating securities are not contractually obligated to share in losses. 
 Weighted average stock options 
 The dilut ed earnings per share amounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 exclude the effects of stock options and contingently issuable shares as their inclusion would have been antidilutive due to a market condition. The diluted (loss) earnings per share amounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 exclude the effects of stock options and contingently issuable shares outstanding as their inclusion would have been antidilutive due to a market condition. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company declared regular dividends totaling and per common share, respectively. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company declared regular dividends totaling and per common share, respectively. 
 18 

11. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (credit) cost ) ) Recognized actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Net Periodic Benefit ) ) ) ) Early retirement program and special separation benefit expense 
 Total Benefit ) ) ) ) 
 In October 2024, the Company purchased an irrevocable group annuity contract from an insurance company for million to settle million of the outstanding defined benefit pension obligation related to certain retirees and beneficiaries. The purchase of the group annuity contract was funded from the assets of the Company s pension plan. As a result of this transaction, the Company was relieved of all responsibility for these pension obligations and the insurance company is now required to pay and administer the retirement benefits owed to approximately retirees and beneficiaries, with no change to the amount, timing or form of monthly retirement benefit payments. As a result, the Company estimates that it will record a one-time pre-tax settlement gain of approximately million in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded million in expenses related to S eparation Incentive Programs SIPs) for certain Kaplan, Dekko, WGB, Saatchi Art, Society6, Slate and Decile employees, which were funded from the assets of the Company s pension plan. 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded million in expenses related to a Voluntary Retirement Incentive Program (VRIP) for certain Graham Media Group and Corporate employees, which was funded from the assets of the Company s pension plan. Also in the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded million in expenses related to SIPs for certain Framebridge and Code3 employees, which was funded from the assets of the Company s pension plan. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company recorded million in expenses related to a SIP for certain Framebridge employees, which was funded from the assets of the Company s pension plans. 
 In the second quarter of 2023, the Company recorded million in expenses related to SIPs for certain Kaplan, Graham Media Group, Leaf Group, Code3 and Pinna employees, which was funded from the assets of the Company s pension plans. In the first quarter of 2023, the Company recorded million in expenses related to SIPs for certain Leaf Group and Code3 employees, which was funded from the assets of the Company s pension plans. 
 Interest cost Net Periodic Cost 
 
 19 

U.S. fixed income Private investment funds International equities U.S. stock index fund 
 The Company manages approximately of the pension assets internally, of which the majority is invested in private investment funds with the remaining investments in Berkshire Hathaway and Markel stock, and short-term fixed-income securities. The remaining of plan assets are managed by investment companies. The goal of the investment managers is to produce moderate long-term growth in the value of these assets, while protecting them against large decreases in value. Both investment managers may invest in a combination of equity and fixed-income securities and cash. The managers are not permitted to invest in securities of the Company or in alternative investments. One investment manager cannot invest more than of the assets at the time of purchase in the stock of Alphabet and Berkshire Hathaway, and no more than of the assets it manages in specified international exchanges at the time the investment is made. The other investment manager cannot invest more than of the assets at the time of purchase in the stock of Berkshire Hathaway and no more than of the assets it manages in specified international exchanges at the time the investment is made. Excluding the exceptions noted above, the investment managers cannot invest more than of the assets in the securities of any other single issuer, except for obligations of the U.S. Government, without receiving prior approval from the Plan administrator. 
 In determining the expected rate of return on plan assets, the Company considers the relative weighting of plan assets, the historical performance of total plan assets and individual asset classes and economic and other indicators of future performance. In addition, the Company may consult with and consider the input of financial and other professionals in developing appropriate return benchmarks. 
 The Company evaluated its defined benefit pension plan asset portfolio for the existence of significant concentrations (defined as greater than of plan assets) of credit risk as of September 30, 2024. Types of concentrations that were evaluated include, but are not limited to, investment concentrations in a single entity, type of industry, foreign country and individual fund. At September 30, 2024, the pension plan held investments in common stock, private investment fund, and U.S. Treasury securities fund that exceeded of total plan assets, valued at million, or approximately of total plan assets. At December 31, 2023, the pension plan held investments in common stock and private investment fund that exceeded of total plan assets, valued at million, or approximately of total plan assets. Assets also included million and million of Markel shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Amortization of prior service credit ) ) Recognized actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Net Periodic Benefit ) ) ) ) 
 20 

12. 
 Foreign currency (loss) gain, net 
 ) ) Impairment of cost method investments 
 ) Gain on sale of investment in affiliate Gain on sale of cost method investments 
 Gain on cost method investments Other gain, net Total Other Non-Operating (Expense) Income 
 ) 
 The gain on cost method investments results from observable price changes in the fair value of the underlying equity securities accounted for under the cost method (see Notes 3 and 8). 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded contingent consideration gains of million related to the disposition of Kaplan University (KU) in 2018. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded contingent consideration gains of million and million, respectively. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a million gain related to Kaplan s sale of a small business (see Note 2). 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a million gain related to the sale of a small business by WGB, which included five websites (see Note 2). 
 In the second quarter of 2023, the Company recorded a million gain related to the Pinna transaction (see Notes 2 and 3). The Company used a market approach to determine the fair value of the noncontrolling financial interest received in Realm in exchange for the Pinna business. 
 21 

13. 
 ) ) Adjustment for sale of a business with foreign operations ) ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement plans: Amortization of net prior service (credit) cost included in net income 
 ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial gain included in net income 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedges: Losses for the period ) ) ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 2024 2023 Before-Tax Income After-Tax Before-Tax Income After-Tax (in thousands) Amount Tax Amount Amount Tax Amount Foreign currency translation adjustments: Translation adjustments arising during the period ) ) Adjustment for sale of a business with foreign operations ) ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement plans: Amortization of net prior service (credit) cost included in net income 
 ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial gain included in net income 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedges: Losses for the period ) ) ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) )) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 ) Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 22 

) Other (expense) income, net 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Plans: Amortization of net prior service (credit) cost ) ) (1) Amortization of net actuarial gain ) ) ) ) (1) ) ) ) ) Before tax Provision for Income Taxes ) ) ) ) Net of Tax Cash Flow Hedges ) ) ) ) Interest expense Total reclassification for the period ) ) ) ) Net of Tax 
 ____________ 
 (1) 
 
 14. 
 existing claims or proceedings that are likely to have a material effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, based on currently available information, management believes it is reasonably possible that future losses from existing and threatened legal, regulatory and other proceedings in excess of the amounts recorded could reach approximately million. 
 
 15. 
 reportable segments: Kaplan International, Kaplan Higher Education, Kaplan Supplemental Education, Television Broadcasting, Manufacturing, Healthcare and Automotive. 
 As of September 30, 2024, Kaplan had a total outstanding accounts receivable balance of million from Purdue Global related to amounts due for reimbursements for services, fees earned and a deferred fee. Included in this total, Kaplan has a million long-term receivable balance due from Purdue Global at September 30, 2024, related to the advance of million during the initial KU Transaction. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the automotive group recorded expense of million and million, respectively, for operating and management services provided by Christopher J. Ourisman and his team of industry professionals. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the automotive group recorded expense of million and million, respectively, for these services. 
 
 23 

Television broadcasting Manufacturing Healthcare Automotive Other businesses Corporate office Intersegment elimination ) ) ) ) Income (Loss) from Operations before Amortization of Intangible Assets and Impairment of Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets 

Education Television broadcasting Manufacturing Healthcare Automotive Other businesses ) ) ) ) Corporate office ) ) ) ) Amortization of Intangible Assets and Impairment of Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 Education Television broadcasting Manufacturing Healthcare Automotive Other businesses Corporate office Income (Loss) from Operations Education Television broadcasting Manufacturing ) ) Healthcare Automotive Other businesses ) ) ) ) Corporate office ) ) ) ) ) Equity in Losses of Aff iliates, Net 
 ) ) ) ) Interest Expense, Net ) ) ) ) Non-Operating Pension and Postretirement Benefit Income, Net 
 Gain on Marketable Equity Securities, Net 
 Other (Expense) Income, Net 
 ) Income (Loss) Bef ore Income Taxes 
 ) 
 24 

Television broadcasting Manufacturing Healthcare Automotive Other businesses Corporate office Pension Service Cost Education Television broadcasting Manufacturing Healthcare Automotive Other businesses Corporate office Capital Expenditures Education Television broadcasting Manufacturing Healthcare Automotive Other businesses Corporate office 
 Asset information for the Company s business segments is as follows: 
 As of (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Identifiable Assets Education Television broadcasting Manufacturing Healthcare Automotive Other businesses Corporate office Investments in Marketable Equity Securities Investments in Affiliates Prepaid Pension Cost Total Assets 
 25 

Higher education Supplemental education Kaplan corporate and other Intersegment elimination ) ) ) ) Income (Loss) from Operations before Amortization of Intangible Assets and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Kaplan international Higher education Supplemental education Kaplan corporate and other ) ) ) ) Intersegment elimination ) Amortization of Intangible Assets Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Income (Loss) from Operations Kaplan international Higher education Supplemental education Kaplan corporate and other ) ) ) ) Intersegment elimination ) Depreciation of Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Kaplan international Higher education Supplemental education Kaplan corporate and other Pension Service Cost Kaplan international Higher education Supplemental education Kaplan corporate and other Capital Expenditures Kaplan international Higher education Supplemental education Kaplan corporate and other 
 Asset information for the Company s education division is as follows: 
 As of (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Identifiable Assets Kaplan international Higher education Supplemental education Kaplan corporate and other 
 
 26 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition. 
 This analysis should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The Company reported net income attributable to common shares of 72.5 million 16.42 per share) for the third quarter of 2024, compared to a net loss of 23.0 million 5.02 per share) for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Items included in the Company s ne t income fo r the third quarter of 2024: 
 3.7 million in non-operating expenses related to Separation Incentive Programs (SIPs) at Kaplan, manufacturing and other businesses (a fter tax-impact of 2.7 million , or 0.62 per share); 
 9.7 million in interest expense to adjust the fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest (after-tax impact of 13.2 million, or 3.00 per share); 
 30.5 million in net gains on marketable equity securities (after-tax impact of 22.7 million, or 5.14 per share); 
 2.3 million in net losses of affiliates whose operations are not managed by the Company (after-tax impact of 1.7 million, or 0.39 per share); 
 a non-operating gain of 3.8 million from the sale of certain businesses and websites (af ter-tax impact of 2.6 million , or 0.58 per share); and 
 a net non-operating loss of 14.2 million from the impairment and write-up of equity and cost method investments (after-tax impact of 10.6 million, or 2.40 per share). 
 Items included in the Company s net income for the third quarter of 2023: 
 98.3 million in goodwill and other long-lived asset impairment charges (afte r tax impact of 84.4 million , or 18.18 per share); 
 16.8 million in net gains on marketable equity securities (after-tax impact of 12.3 million , or 2.66 per share); 
 2.8 million in net losses of affiliates whose operations are not managed by the Company (after-tax impact of 2.1 million, or 0.45 per share); 
 a 4.6 million credit to interest expense resulting from gains realized related to the termination of interest rate swaps (after-tax impact of 3.3 million, or 0.72 per share); and 
 1.1 million in interest expense to adjust the fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest (after-tax impact of 1.0 million, or 0.22 per share). 
 Revenue for the third quarter of 2024 was 1,207.2 million , up 9 from 1,111.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. Revenues increased at education, television broadcasting, healthcare and automotive, partially offset by declines at manufacturing and other businesses. T he Company reported operating income of 81.6 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to an operating loss of 57.1 million for the third quarter of 2023. The improvement in operating results is due to goodwill and other long-lived asset impairment charges at World of Good Brands (WGB) and Dekko in the third quarter of 2023 and increases at education, television broadcasting, healthcare and automotive, partially offset by declines at manufacturing and other businesses, excluding the impairments. 
 For the first nine months of 2024, the Company recorded net income attributable to common shares of 175.8 million 39.49 per share), compared to 152.0 million 32.14 per share) for the first nine months of 2023. 
 27 

Items included in the Company s net income for the first nine months of 2024: 
 26.3 million in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges at WGB (after tax impact of 21.2 million , or 4.77 per share); 
 20.5 million in non-operating expenses related to a Voluntary Retirement Incentive Program (VRIP) at the television broadcasting division and the corporate office, and SIPs at Kaplan, manufacturing and other businesses (after tax-impact of 15.2 million , or 3.42 per share); 
 85.1 million in interest expense to adjust the fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest (after-tax impact of 76.4 million, or 17.16 per share); 
 154.3 million in net gains on marketable equity securities (after-tax impact of 114.8 million, or 25.77 per share); 
 4.9 million in net losses of affiliates whose operations are not managed by the Company (after-tax impact of 3.7 million, or 0.82 per share); 
 a non-operating gain of 7.2 million from the sale of certain businesses and websites (afte r-tax impact of 5.3 million, or 1.19 per share); and 
 a net non-operating loss of 15.0 million from the impairment and write-up of equity and cost method investments (after-tax impact of 11.1 million, or 2.50 per share). 
 Items included in the Company s net income for the first nine months of 2023: 
 a 4.7 million net credit related to a fair value change in contingent consideration from prior acquisitions (after-tax impact of 4.5 million, or 0.98 per share); 
 99.1 million in goodwill and other long-lived asset impairment charges (after-tax impact of 85.0 million, or 18.30 per share); 
 9.6 million in expenses related to non-operating SIPs at other businesses and the education and television broadcasting divisions (after-tax impact of 7.2 million, or 1.54 per share); 
 1.4 million in net interest expense to adjust the fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest (after-tax impact of 1.3 million, or 0.27 per share); 
 113.4 million in net gains on marketable equity securities (after-tax impact of 83.6 million , or 17.99 per share); 
 9.7 million in net losses of affiliates whose operations are not managed by the Company (after-tax impact of 7.1 million, or 1.53 per share); 
 a non-operating gain of 10.0 million on the sale of Pinna (after-tax impact of 7.4 million, or 1.59 per share); 
 non-operating gain of 3.9 million from the write-up and sales of cost method investments (after-tax impact of 2.9 million , or 0.63 per share); and 
 a 4.6 million credit to interest expense resulting from gains realized related to the termination of interest rate swaps (after-tax impact of 3.3 million, or 0.72 per share). 
 Revenue for the first nine months of 2024 was 3,545.1 million , up 9 from 3,248.1 million in the first nine months of 2023. Revenues increased at education, television broadcasting, healthcare and automotive, partially offset by declines at manufacturing and other businesses. T he Company recorded operated income of 143.0 million for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 28.6 million for the first nine months of 2023. Excluding goodwill and other long-lived asset impairment charges, the improvement in operating results is due to increases at education, television broadcasting, healthcare and automotive, partially offset by declines at manufacturing and other businesses. 
 
 Division Results 
 
 Education 
 Education division revenue totaled 438.1 million for the third quarter of 2024, up 6 from 411.8 million for the same period of 2023. Kaplan reported operating income of 34.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 29.9 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 28 

For the first nine months of 2024, education division revenue totaled 1,283.6 million , up 8 from 1,192.1 million for the same period of 2023. Kaplan reported operating income of 100.8 million for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 83.0 million for the first nine months of 2023. 
 A summary of Kaplan s operating results is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenue Kaplan international 277,009 249,976 11 813,833 714,715 14 Higher education 85,655 81,925 5 246,818 250,557 (1) Supplemental education 76,134 78,332 (3) 221,389 226,535 (2) Kaplan corporate and other 158 3,101 (95) 5,739 8,360 (31) Intersegment elimination (866) (1,497) (4,192) (8,062) 438,090 411,837 6 1,283,587 1,192,105 8 Operating Income (Loss) Kaplan international 25,538 22,220 15 82,674 64,272 29 Higher education 11,385 8,465 34 31,258 33,343 (6) Supplemental education 11,186 9,729 15 21,438 16,992 26 Kaplan corporate and other (10,717) (7,412) (45) (26,357) (20,074) (31) Amortization of intangible assets (2,421) (3,210) 25 (8,267) (11,133) 26 Impairment of long-lived assets 
 (477) Intersegment elimination (81) 67 8 92 34,890 29,859 17 100,754 83,015 21 
 Kaplan International includes postsecondary education, professional training and language training businesses largely outside the United States (U.S.). Kaplan International revenue increas ed 11 and 14 for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively (9 and 12 , res pectively, on a constant currency basis). The increase is due largely to growth at Australia, Pathways, UK Professional and Singapore. Kapl an International reported operating i ncome of 25.5 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 22.2 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase is due largely t o improved re sults at Australia, UK Professional and Pathways. O perating income increased to 82.7 million in the first nine months of 2024, compared to 64.3 million in the first nine months of 2023. The increase is due largely to improved r esults at Australia, UK Professional, Pathways and Singapore, partially offset by a decline at Languages. 
 Higher Education includes the results of Kaplan as a service provider to higher education institutions. Higher Education revenue increased 5 for the third quarter of 2024, due primarily to an increase in the Purdue Global fee recorded. Higher Education revenue declined 1 for the first nine months of 2024, due to reduced reimbursable expenses from Purdue Global. Enrollments at Purdue Global, the largest institutional client, increased 2 for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. For the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 and 2023, Kaplan recorded a portion of the fee from Purdue Global. The Company will continue to assess the fee it records from Purdue Global on a quarterly basis to make a determination as to whether to record all or part of the fee in the future and whether to adjust fee amounts recognized in earlier periods. Higher Education operating results improved in the third quarter of 2024 due to an increase in the Purdue Global fee recorded. Higher Education operating results declined in the first nine months of 2024 due to primarily to an increase in higher education development costs. 
 Supplemental Education includes Kaplan s standardized test preparation programs and domestic professional and other continuing education businesses. Supplemental Education revenue declined 3 and 2 for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, driven mostly by softness in Medical Licensure test preparation and publishing activities and Real Estate, offset in part by growth in Insurance, CFA, Architecture and Engineering and MCAT test preparation. Operating results improved in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 due to cost reductions from lower headcount, partially offset by lower revenues. 
 Kaplan corporate and other represents unallocated expenses of Kaplan, Inc. s corporate office, other minor businesses and certain shared activiti es. Kaplan corporate and other expenses increased in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, largely due to increased employee benefit and incentive compensation costs. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company offered a SIP to certain employees at Supplemental Education, which was funded from the assets of the Company s pension plan; 2.7 million in related non-operating pension expense was recorded in the third quarter of 2024. 
 29 

Television Broadcasting 
 A summary of television broadcasting s operating results is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenue 145,422 116,112 25 373,958 347,818 8 Operating Income 61,914 31,947 94 122,675 93,720 31 
 Graham Media Group, Inc. owns seven television stations located in Houston, TX; Detroit, MI; Orlando, FL; San Antonio, TX; Jacksonville, FL; and Roanoke, VA, as well as SocialNewsDesk, a provider of social media manageme nt tools designed to connect newsrooms with their users. Revenue at the television broadcasting division increased 25 t o 145.4 million in the third quarter of 2024, from 116.1 million in the same period of 2023. The revenue increase is due to a 34.5 million increase in political advertising revenue, increases from summer Olympics-related advertising revenue at the Company s NBC stations and an increase in digital advertising revenue, partially offset by a 3.4 million decrease in retransmission revenue and a decline in local advertising revenue. Operating income for the third quarter of 2024 was up 94 to 61.9 million, from 31.9 million in the same period of 2023, due to higher revenues and lower network fees, partially offset by increased pension expense. 
 Revenue at the television broadcasting division was up 8 to 374.0 million in the first nine months of 2024, from 347.8 million in the same period of 2023. The revenue increase is due to a 40.8 million increase in political advertising revenue, increases from summer Olympics-related advertising at the Company s NBC stations and an increase in digital advertising revenue, partially offset by a decline in local advertising revenue and a 6.1 million decrease in retransmission revenue. Operating income for the first nine months of 2024 was up 31 to 122.7 million, from 93.7 million in the sam e period of 2023, due to higher revenues and lower network fees, partially offset by increased pension expense. While p er subscriber rates from cable, satellite and OTT providers have grown, overall cable and satellite subscribers are down due to cord cutting, resulting in retransmission revenue net of network fees in 2024 expected to decline compared with 2023, and this trend is expected to continue. 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company offered a VRIP to certain employees at the television broadcasting division. The early retirement program expense for this program was funded by the assets of the Company s pension plan; 14.3 million in related non-operating pension expense was recorded in the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 Manufacturing 
 A summary of manufacturing s operating results is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenue 95,385 109,216 (13) 300,914 343,882 (12) Op erating Income (Loss) 
 4,495 (40,974) 11,829 (21,664) 
 Manufacturing includes four businesses: Hoover, a supplier of pressure impregnated kiln-dried lumber and plywood products for fire retardant and preservative applications; Dekko, a manufacturer of electrical workspace solutions, architectural lighting and electrical components and assemblies; Joyce/Dayton, a manufacturer of screw jacks and other linear motion systems; and Forney, a global supplier of products and systems that control and monitor combustion processes in electric utility and industrial applications. 
 Manu facturing revenues decreased 13 and 12 in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively. The revenue decline in the third quarter of 2024 is due to largely to lower revenues at Hoover, along with declines at Dekko, partially offset by increased revenues at Forney. The revenue decline in the first nine months of 2024 is due largely to lower revenues at Hoover, and declines at Dekko and Joyce. The revenue decline at Hoover is due largely to a decrease in overall product demand, particularly for multi-family housing. Revenues declined at Dekko due to lower product demand. Overall, Hoover results included wood gains on inventory sales in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, with gains in the first nine months of 2024 much lower than the prior year. For the third quarter of 2024, Hoover results included modest wood gains on inventory sales compared with higher wood gains on inventory sales in the third quarter of 2023. Manufacturing operating results improved in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 due to a 47.8 million goodwill impairment charge at Dekko recorded in the third quarter 2023. Excluding this goodwill impairment charge, manufacturing results were down in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, due largely to significant declines at Hoover and Dekko, along with declines at Joyce and Forney. 
 30 

In the third quarter of 2024, the Company offered a SIP to certain employees at Dekko, which was funded by the assets of the Company s pension plan; 0.1 million in related non-operating pension expense was recorded in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Healthcare 
 A summary of healthcare s operating results is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenue 155,413 116,164 34 431,142 331,505 30 Operating Income 14,260 5,971 33,088 17,284 91 
 Graham Healthcare Group (GHG) provides home health and hospice services in seven states. GHG also provides nursing care and prescription services for patients receiving in-home infusion treatments through its 86.7 interest in CSI Pharmacy Holding Company, LLC (CSI), and other healthcare services. Healthcare revenues increased 34 and 30 for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, due largely to significant growth at CSI from an expansion of infusion treatment offerings and patient servi ce areas; revenues also grew in home health and hospice services and at the other healthcare businesses. The increase in GHG operating results in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 is due to substantially higher operating results at CSI from significant revenue growth, along with improved results at home health, partially offset by increased pension expense. In January 2022, GHC implemented a pension credit retention program offering a pension credit up to 50,000 per employee, cliff vested after three years of continuous employment for certain existing employees and new employees. Effective April 1, 2024, this program is no longer being offered to new employees. 
 The Company also holds interests in four home health and hospice joint ventures managed by GHG, whose results are included in equity in earnings of affiliates in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recorded equity in earnings of 3.4 million and 1.9 million for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, from these joint ventures. The Company recorded equity in earnings of 10.2 million and 6.9 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Automotive 
 A summary of automotive s operating results is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenue 289,392 272,018 6 902,046 765,251 18 Operating Income 9,064 8,237 10 28,919 28,540 1 
 Automotive includ es eight auto motive dealerships in t he Washington, DC metropolitan area and Richmond, VA: Ourisman Lexus of Rockville, Ourisman Honda of Tysons Corner, Ourisman Jeep Bethesda, Ourisman Ford of Manassas, Toyota of Woodbridge, Ourisman Chrysler-Dodge-Jeep-Ram (CDJR) of Woodbridge and Ourisman Toyota of Richmond, which was acquired on September 27, 2023 from McGeorge Toyota. The automotive group was awarded a Kia Open Point dealership in Bethesda, MD, which commenced operations at the end of December 2023. Christopher J. Ourisman, a member of the Ourisman Automotive Group family of dealerships, and his team of industry professionals operate and manage the dealerships; the Company holds a 90 stake. 
 Revenues for the third quarter of 2024 increased 6 due largely to the Toyota of Richmond acquisition and the addition of the Kia dealership, as well as sales growth for services and parts, partially offset by a decline in new and used vehicle sales and a decline in sales of finance and insurance product offerings. Revenues for the first nine months of 2024 increased 18 due largely to the Toyota of Richmond acquisition and the addition of the Kia dealership, as well as sales growth for services and parts, partially offset by a decline in used vehicle sales and a decline in sales of finance and insurance products offerings. Operating results increased for the third quarter of 2024 due largely to earnings from the Toyota of Richmond acquisition and higher overall gross profit on services and parts, partially offset by lower overall gross margins on new vehicles and a decline in finance and insurance product sales. Operating results increased modestly for the first nine months of 2024 due largely to earnings from the Toyota of Richmond acquisition and higher overall gross profit on services and parts, partially offset by lower overall gross margins on new and used vehicles and a decline in finance and insurance product sales. 
 31 

Other Businesses 
 A summary of revenue by category for other businesses: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30 September 30 (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Operating Revenues Retail (1) 
 24,678 28,446 (13) 77,288 90,215 (14) Media (2) 
 23,623 27,418 (14) 69,667 78,105 (11) Specialty (3) 
 35,163 30,789 14 106,798 100,790 6 83,464 86,653 (4) 253,753 269,110 (6) ____________ (1) 
 Includes Society6 and Saatchi Art (formerly Leaf Marketplace) and Framebridge 
 (2) 
 Includes World of Good Brands (formerly Leaf Media), Code3, Slate, Foreign Policy, Pinna and City Cast 
 (3) 
 Includes Clyde s Restaurant Group, Decile and Supporting Cast 
 
 Overall, revenue from other businesses declined 4 and 6 in t he third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively. Retail revenue declined in the first nine months of 2024 largely due to lower revenue at Society6, partially offset by revenue growth at Saatchi Art and Framebridge. Media revenue declined in the first nine months of 2024 due to lower revenue at WGB and Code3, partially offset by revenue growth at Slate, Foreign Policy and City Cast. Specialty revenue increased in the first nine months of 2024 due to revenue growth at Clyde s Restaurant Group (CRG), Decile and Supporting Cast. Excluding the former Leaf businesses, revenue from other businesses grew in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. 
 Overall, operating results at other businesse s improved in the first nine months of 2024 due to 26.3 million in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges at WGB in 2024 compared to 50.2 million in goodwill impairment charges at WGB in 2023. Excluding these impairment charges and increased pension expense, operating losses at other businesses in the first nine months of 2024 were similar to the prior year. 
 Leaf Group 
 On June 14, 2021, the Company acquired Leaf Group Ltd. (Leaf), a consumer internet company headquartered in Santa Monica, CA, that builds enduring, creator-driven brands that reach passionate audiences in large lifestyle categories, including fitness and wellness (Well+Good and Livestrong.com), and home, art and design (Saatchi Art and Society6). 
 In the second quarter of 2023, the Company restructured L eaf into three stand-alone businesses: Society6 (formerly included in Leaf Marketplace), Saatchi Art (formerly included in Leaf Marketplace) and WGB (formerly Leaf Media). The transition process for this restructuring has involved various cost reduction initiatives, including elimination of shared services costs and functions; transitioning financial and human resources systems; and rationalizing physical facilities and data centers. In the first and second quarters of 2023, Leaf implemented a SIP to reduce the number of employees, which was funded by the assets of the Company s pension plan; 2.9 million and 3.9 million in related non-operating pension expense was recorded in the first and second quarters of 2023, respectively. Each of Society6, Saatchi Art and WGB has continued with the transition and cost reduction process, which was largely complete at the end of the second quarter of 2024. In the third quarter of 2024, the Company implemented an additional SIP at Society6, Saatchi Art and WGB, which was funded from the assets of the Company s pension plan; 0.5 million in related non-operating pension expense was recorded. 
 Revenues at Society6 and WGB declined substantially in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. Revenue declines at Society6 are due to declines in traffic, largely driven by a significant decrease in advertising spend, as well as softer demand in the home decor category. Revenue declines at WGB are due to reduced traffic and the soft digital advertising market for programmatic. Revenues at Saatchi Art grew in the first nine months of 2024. Overall, the Leaf businesses reported significant operating losses in each of the third quarters and first nine months of 2024 and 2023. 
 As a result of the substantial digital advertising revenue declines and continued significant operating losses at WGB, the Company recorded a 50.2 million goodwill impairment charge in the third quarter of 2 023. In the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded an additional 26.3 million in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges at WGB. Excluding these impairment charges, losses increased at the Leaf businesses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. 
 32 

Clyde s Restaurant Group 
 CRG owns and operates 13 restaurants and entertainment venues in the Washington, DC metropolitan area, including Old Ebbitt Grill and The Hamilton. In July 2024, CRG opened R ye Street Tavern, a new restaurant in Baltimore, MD. Revenue increased in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 due to the new restaurant opening and modest price increases. Operating results declined in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. Excluding pre-opening expenses incurred for new restaurants, operating results improved modestly for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. CRG reported an operating loss in each of the third quarters of 2024 and 2023, while CRG reported an operating profit in each of the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. 
 CRG plans to open new restaurants in Washington, DC and Reston, VA in late 2024 and late 2025, respectively. 
 Framebridge 
 Framebridge is a custom framing service company, headquartered in Washington, DC, with 26 retail locations, and two manufacturing facilities in Kentucky and Virginia. In the third quarter of 2024, Framebridge opened three new retail stores. Framebridge plans to open six additional retail stores in the fourth quarter of 2024 and continues to actively explore other opportunities for further store expansion. 
 Revenues increased in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 due to an increase in retail revenue from same-store sales growth and operating additional retail stores compared to the same periods in 2023. F ramebridge is an investment stage business and reported significant operating losses in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. Excluding increased pension expense, operating losses at Framebridge for the first nine months of 2024 were similar to the prior year. 
 In the first and second quarters of 2024, Framebridge implemented a SIP, whic h was fu nded by the assets of the Company s pension plan; 0.4 million and 1. 0 million in related non-operating pension expense was recorded in the first and second quarters of 2024, respectively. 
 Other 
 Other businesses also include Code3, a performance marketing agency focused on driving performance for brands though three core elements of digital success: media, creative and commerce; Slate and Foreign Policy, which publish online and print magazines and websites; and three investment stage businesses, Decile, City Cast and Supporting Cast . Slate, Supporting Cast, City Cast, Foreign Policy and Decile reported revenue growth in the first nine months of 2024, while Code3 reported a revenue decline. Losses from City Cast, Decile, Code3, Supporting Cast and Foreign Policy in the first nine months of 2024 adversely affected operating results, while Slate reported an operating profit during this period. 
 Other businesses also included Pinna, which was sold in June 2023 when the Company entered into a merger agreement with Realm of Possibility, Inc. (Realm), a provider of audio entertainment services, to merge Pinna with Realm in return for a noncontrolling financial interest in the merged entity. In connection with the merger, the Company recorded a 10.0 million non-cash, non-operating gain related to the transaction. The Company s investment in Realm is reported as an equity method investment. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, Slate and Decile implemented SIPs to reduce the number of employees, which were funded by the assets of the Company s pension plan; 0.3 million in related non-operating pension expense was recorded in the third quarter of 2024. In the second quarter of 2024, Code3 implemented a SIP to reduce the number of employees, which was funded by the assets of the Company s pension plan; 0.6 million in related non-operating pension expense was recorded in the second quarter of 2024. In the first and second quarters of 2023, Code3 implemented a SIP to reduce the number of employees, which was funded by the assets of the Company s pension plan; 1.2 million and 0.6 million in related non-operating pension expense was recorded in the first and second quarters of 2023. 
 
 Corporate Office 
 Corporate office includes the expenses of the Company s corporate office and certain continuing obligations related to prior business dispositions. Corporate office expenses in the first nine months of 2023 benefited from a 4.2 million net credit related to a fair value change in contingent consideration from a prior acquisition. 
 Employee Benefit Plan Changes 
 Effective January 1, 2024, the Company s defined benefit pension plan was amended to provide many of the current employees who are current plan participants with an increased pension benefit, and to provide certain current employees from several business units with a new pension benefit offering. The increased and new pension 
 33 

benefits will be funded by the assets of the Company s pension plan. As a result of these changes, the Company s matching contribution to certain of its 401(k) Savings Plans was eliminated. 
 
 Equit y in Earnings (Losses) of Affiliates 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company held an approximate 18 interest in Intersection Holdings, LLC (Intersection), a company that provides digital marketing and advertising services and products for cities, transit systems, airports, and other public and private spaces; and a 41.4 interest on a fully diluted basis in Realm. The Company also holds interests in several other affiliates, including a number of home health and hospice joint ventures managed by GHG and two joint ventures managed by Kaplan. Overall, the Company recorded equity in losses of affiliates of 13.4 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 0.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. These amounts include 2.3 million and 2.8 million in net losses for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, from affiliates whose operations are not managed by the Company. The 2024 amount also includes a 14.4 million impairment loss on the Company s investment in N2K Networks. 
 The Company recorded equity in losses of affiliates of 8.5 million for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 2.2 million for the first nine months of 2023. These amounts include 4.9 million and 9.7 million in net losses for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively, from affiliates whose operations are not managed by the Company. The 2024 amount also includes a 14.4 million impairment loss on the Company s investment in N2K Networks. 
 
 Net Interest Expense and Related Balances 
 In September 2023, the automotive subsidiary of the Company entered into a credit agreement with Truist Bank to finance the acquisition of the Toyota of Richmond dealership and to repay the outstanding balance of the automotive subsidiary commercial notes that were maturing in 2031 and 2032. The related interest rate swaps were also terminated, resulting in a realized gain of 4.6 million recorded as a credit to interest expense during the third quarter of 2023. 
 The Company incurred net interest expense of 23.6 million and 130.0 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, compared to 9.8 million and 33.1 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. 
 The Company recorded interest expense of 9.7 million and 85.1 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, to adjust the fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest at GHG. The significant adjustment recorded in the first nine months of 2024 is largely related to a substantial increase in the estimated fair value of CSI. The Company recorded interest expense of 1.1 million and 1.4 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively, to adjust the fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest at GHG. 
 Excluding these adjustments, the increase in net interest expense relates primarily to higher debt balances, higher interest rates on the Company s variable debt, and increased floor plan interest expense. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had 765.2 million in borrowings outstanding at an average interest rate of 6.2 , and cash, marketable equity securities and other investments of 1,114.0 million. At September 30, 2024, the Company had 66.9 million outstanding on its 300 million revolving credit facility. 
 
 Non-operating Pension and Postretirement Benefit Income, net 
 The Company recorded net non-operating pension and postretirement benefit income of 38.3 million and 105.4 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, compared to 35.7 million and 97.3 million for the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded 3.7 million in expenses related to non-operating SIPs at Kaplan, manufacturing and other businesses. In the second quarter of 2024, the Company recorded 14.8 million in expenses related to a VRIP at the television broadcasting division and the corporate office and 1.6 million in expenses related to non-operating SIPs at other businesses. In t he first quarter of 2024, the Company recorded 0.4 million in expenses related to a non-operating SIP at other businesses. 
 In the second quarter of 2023, the Company recorded 5.5 million in expenses related to non-operating SIPs at other businesses and the education and television broadcasting divisions. In the first quarter of 2023, the Company recorded 4.1 million in expenses related to non-operating SIPs at other businesses. 
 
 Gain on Marketable Equity Securities, net 
 Overall, the Company recognized 30.5 million and 154.3 million in n et gains on m arketable equity securities in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, compared to 16.8 million and 113.4 million in net gains 
 34 

on marketable equity securities in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. 
 
 Other Non-Operatin g Income (Expenses) 
 The Company recorded total other non-opera ting expenses, n et, of 0.5 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to income of 3.6 million for the third quarter of 2023. The 2024 amounts included 4.6 million in foreign currency losses; partially offset by a gain of 3.8 million on the sale of certain businesses and websites, and other items. The 2023 amounts included 1.7 million in foreign currency gains; 1.1 million in gains related to the sale of businesses and contingent consideration; a 0.1 million gain on sale of a cost method investment, and other items. 
 The Company recorded total other non-operat ing income, net, of 3.0 million for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 22.5 million for the first nine months of 2023. The 2024 amounts included a gain of 7.2 million on the sale of certain businesses and websites; 0.9 million in gains related to the sale of businesses and contingent consideration, and other items; partially offset by 5.6 million in foreign currency losses and a 0.7 million impairment on cost method investments. The 2023 amounts included a non-cash gain of 10.0 million on the sale of Pinna; 4.3 million in gains related to the sale of businesses and contingent consideration; a 3.1 million fair value increase on cost method investments; 1.8 million in foreign currency gains; a 1.0 million gain on sales of cost method investments, and other items. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The Company s effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 was 32.2 and 31.1 , respectively. The Company s effective tax rate for the first nine months of 2024 is based on the estimated full year 2024 effective tax rate, which includes the adverse impact of the permanent differences related to the interest expense recorded to adjust the fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest at GHG and goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges. 
 
 Earnings (Loss) Per Share 
 The calculation of diluted earnings (loss) per share for the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 was based on 4,384,123 and 4,422,816 weighted average shares outstanding, respectively, compared to 4,601,521 and 4,700,304, respectively, for the third quarter and first nine months of 2023. At September 30, 2024, there were 4,347,533 sh ares outstanding. On September 12, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to acquire up to 500,000 shares of its Class B common stock; the Company has remaining authorization for 486,132 shares as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Other 
 The Company continuously assesses relevant events and circumstances to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. In the second quarter of 2024, the Company performed an interim impairment review at the WGB reporting unit. 
 As a result of continued sustained weakness in digital advertising demand resulting in substantial revenue declines and continued significant operating losses at WGB, the Company recorded a 7.5 million goodwill impairment charge at WGB. After the impairment charge, no goodwill remains at the WGB reporting unit, which is included in other businesses. Additionally, the Company recorded a 18.8 million intangible asset impairment charge at WGB. 
 It is possible that impairment charges, which may be material, could occur in the future, given changes in market conditions and the inherent variability in projecting future operating performance. 
 
 Financial Condition: Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The Company considers the following when assessing its liquidity and capital resources: 
 As of (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 244,361 169,897 Restricted cash 37,863 31,994 Investments in marketable equity securities and other investments 831,760 697,028 Total debt 765,191 811,833 
 Cash generated by operations is the Company s primary source of liquidity. The Company maintains investments in a portfolio of marketable equity securities, which is considered when assessing the Company s sources of liquidity. An additional source of liquidity includes the undrawn portion of the Company s 300 million revolving credit facility, 
 35 

amounting to 233.1 million at September 30, 2024 and the undrawn 50.0 million delayed draw term loan at the automotive subsidiary. 
 During the first nine months of 2024, the Company s cash and cash equivalents increased by 74.5 million, due to cash generated from operations, the net proceeds from the sale and purchase of marketable equity securities and net proceeds from the vehicle floor plan payable, which was offset by share repurchases, repayment of borrowings, capital expenditures, and dividend payments. In the first nine months of 2024, the Company s borrowings decreased by 46.6 million, primarily due to repayments under the revolving credit facility, term loan and commercial notes at the automotive subsidiary. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had money market investments of 95.5 million and 5.6 million, that are included in cash and cash equivalents. At September 30, 2024, the Company held approximately 96 million in cash and cash equivalents in businesses domiciled outside the U.S., of which approximately 8 million is not available for immediate use in operations or for distribution. Additionally, Kaplan s business operations outside the U.S. retain cash balances to support ongoing working capital requirements, capital expenditures, and regulatory requirements. As a result, the Company considers a significant portion of the cash and cash equivalents balance held outside the U.S. as not readily available for use in U.S. operations. 
 At September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Company s investments in marketable equity securities was 825.4 million, which includes investments in the common stock of four publicly traded companies. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company purchased 5.0 million of marketable equity securities and sold marketable equity securities that generated proceeds of 23.5 million. At September 30, 2024, the net unrealized gain related to the Company s investments totaled 598.3 million. 
 In May 2024, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement to loan N2K Networks 2.0 million. The convertible promissory note bears interest at a rate of 12 per annum and, subject to conversion provisions, all unpaid interest and principal are due by May 2027. 
 In April 2023, the Company entered into a term note agreement to loan Intersection 30.0 million at an interest rate of 9 per annum. The principal and interest on the note are payable in monthly installments over 5 years with the final payment due by May 2028. The outstanding balance on this loan was 26.7 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 The Company had working capital of 752.8 million and 619.6 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company maintains working capital levels consistent with its underlying business requirements and consistently generates cash from operations in excess of required interest or principal payments. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had borrowings outstanding of 765.2 million and 811.8 million, respectively. The Company s borrowings at September 30, 2024 were mostly from 400.0 million of 5.75 unsecured notes due June 1, 2026, 66.9 million in outstanding borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility, a term loan of 141.9 million, and real estate and capital term loans of 130.1 million at the automotive subsidiary. The Company s borrowings at December 31, 2023 were mostly from 400.0 million of 5.75 unsecured notes due June 1, 2026, 97.9 million in outstanding borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility, a term loan of 147.5 million, and real estate and capital term loans of 137.6 million at the automotive subsidiary. The interest on the 400.0 million of 5.75 unsecured notes is payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had average borrowings outstanding of approximately 819.6 million and 737.1 million, respectively, at average annual interest rates of approximately 6.4 and 6.0 , respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred net interest expense of 130.0 million and 33.1 million, respectively. Included in the interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is 85.1 million and 1.4 million, respectively, to adjust the fair value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest (see Notes 7 and 8). 
 On September 26, 2023, the Company s automotive subsidiary entered into a credit agreement with Truist Bank to finance the acquisition of the Toyota of Richmond dealership and to repay the outstanding balances of the commercial notes maturing in 2031 and 2032. The related interest rate swap agreements maturing in 2031 and 2032 were also terminated resulting in realized gains of 4.6 million that reduced interest expense during the third quarter of 2023. 
 On August 19, 2024, Moody s affirmed the Company s credit rating and maintained the outlook as Stable. On April 2, 2024, Standard Poor s affirmed the Company s credit rating and maintained the outlook as Stable. 
 The Company s current credit ratings are as follows: 
 Moody s Standard Poor s Long-term Ba1 BB Outlook Stable Stable 
 36 

The Company expects to fund its estimated capital needs primarily through existing cash balances and internally generated funds, and, as needed, from borrowings under its revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 66.9 million outstanding under the 300 million revolving credit facility. In management s opinion, the Company will have sufficient financial resources to meet its business requirements in the next 12 months, including working capital requirements, capital expenditures, interest payments, potential acquisitions and strategic investments, dividends and stock repurchases. 
 In summary, the Company s cash flows for each period were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 290,676 202,526 Net cash used in investing activities (35,680) (119,431) Net cash used in financing activities (176,315) (69,705) Effect of currency exchange rate change 1,652 (3,184) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 80,333 10,206 
 Operating Activities. Cash provided by operating activities is net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. The Company s net cash flow provided by operating activities were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Net Income 181,018 156,014 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and goodwill and other long-lived asset impairments 121,513 201,408 Amortization of lease right-of-use asset 47,746 50,181 Net pension benefit, early retirement programs and special separation benefit expense 
 (64,532) (73,852) Other non-cash activities (113,560) (86,439) Change in operating assets and liabilities 118,491 (44,786) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 290,676 202,526 
 Net cash provided by operating activities consists primarily of cash receipts from customers, less disbursements for costs, benefits, income taxes, interest and other expenses. 
 For the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, the increase in net cash provided by operating activities is primarily driven by the changes in operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by lower net income, net of non-cash adjustments. Changes in operating assets and liabilities were driven by a significant increase in the value of the mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interest, decreases in vendor payments and purchases of inventory. 
 Investing Activities. The Company s net cash flow used in investing activities were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Purchases of property, plant and equipment (57,680) (61,156) Net proceeds from sales of marketable equity securities 18,524 55,817 Investments in certain businesses, net of cash acquired (4,022) (77,004) Investments in equity affiliates and cost method investments (2,188) (12,839) Loan to related party 
 (2,000) (30,000) Other 11,686 5,751 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities (35,680) (119,431) 
 Capital Expenditures. The amounts reflected in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are based on cash payments made during the relevant periods, whereas the Company s capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 disclosed in Note 15 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include assets acquired during the period. The Company estimates that its capital expenditures will be in the range of 95 million to 105 million in 2024. 
 Net proceeds from sale of marketable equity securities. During the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, the Company sold marketable equity securities that generated proceeds of 23.5 million and 62.0 million, respectively. 
 37 

The Company purchased 5.0 million and 4.6 million of marketable equity securities during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. 
 Acquisitions. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company acquired two small businesses. During the first nine months of 2023, the Company acquired four business: one in automotive, two small businesses in healthcare and one in other businesses for 82.3 million in cash and contingent consideration and the assumption of floor plan payables. In September 2023, the Company s automotive subsidiary acquired a Toyota automotive dealership, including the real property for the dealership operations. In addition to a cash payment and the assumption of 2.2 million in floor plan payables, the automotive subsidiary borrowed 37.0 million to finance the acquisition. 
 Loan to related party. In May 2024, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note agreement to loan N2K Networks 2.0 million. The convertible promissory note bears interest at a rate of 12 per annum and, subject to conversion provisions, all unpaid interest and principal are due by May 2027. In April 2023, the Company entered into a term note agreement to loan Intersection 30.0 million at an interest rate of 9 per annum. The principal and interest on the note are payable in monthly installments over 5 years with the final payment due by May 2028. The outstanding balance on this loan was 26.7 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Financing Activities. The Company s net cash flow used in financing activities were as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30 (In thousands) 2024 2023 Common shares repurchased (98,170) (132,248) Net payments under revolving credit facility (34,216) (140,000) Dividends paid (22,926) (23,534) Repayments of borrowings (16,053) (117,792) Net proceeds from vehicle floor plan payable 8,443 52,623 Issuance of borrowings 293,387 Other (13,393) (2,141) Net Cash Used in Financing Activities (176,315) (69,705) 
 Common Stock Repurchases. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company purchased a total of 133,276 shares of its Class B common stock at a cost of approximately 99.1 million, including commissions and accrued excise tax of 0.9 million. On September 12, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to acquire up to 500,000 shares of its Class B common stock. The Company did not announce a ceiling price or time limit for the purchases. At September 30, 2024, the Company had remaining authorization from the Board of Directors to purchase up to 486,132 shares of Class B common stock. 
 Borrowings and Vehicle Floor Plan Payable. In the first nine months of 2024, the Company repaid amounts borrowed under the 300 million revolving credit facility. In September 2023, the Company s automotive subsidiary entered into a credit agreement with Truist Bank which includes (i) a 75.2 million real estate term loan, (ii) a 65.0 million capital term loan, (iii) a 50.0 million delayed draw term loan, and (iv) establishment of a revolving floor plan credit facility . The automotive subsidiary used the net proceeds from the real estate and capital term loans to acquire an automotive dealership, including the real property for the dealership operations, and to repay the outstanding balances of the commercial notes maturing in 2031 and 2032. On July 28, 2023, the Company entered into a 150 million term loan and used the proceeds to repay the U.S. dollar borrowings of the 300 million revolving credit facility. In the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, the Company used vehicle floor plan financing to fund the purchase of new, used and service loaner vehicles at its automotive subsidiary. The proceeds from the vehicle floor plan payable fluctuates with changes in the amount of vehicle inventory held by the automotive dealerships. 
 Dividends. The quarterly dividend rate per share was 1.72 and 1.65 for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company expects to pay a dividend of 6.88 per share in 2024. 
 Other. During the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, the Company paid 5.4 million and 3.8 million, respectively, related to deferred payments from prior acquisitions. During the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, the Company increased the borrowings under its cash overdraft facilities by 2.4 million and 3.8 million, respectively. 
 There were no other significant changes to the Company s contractual obligations or other commercial commitments from those disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 All public statements made by the Company and its representatives that are not statements of historical fact, including certain statements in this report, in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and in the Company s 
 38 

2023 Annual Report to Stockholders, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, and assumptions by the Company s management and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those stated, including, without limitation, comments about expectations related to acquisitions or dispositions or related business activities, the Company s business strategies and objectives, the prospects for growth in the Company s various business operations, the Company s future financial performance, and the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the Company. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement after the date on which such statement is made, even if new information subsequently becomes available. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 The Company is exposed to market risk in the normal course of its business due primarily to its ownership of marketable equity securities, which are subject to equity price risk; to its borrowing and cash-management activities, which are subject to interest rate risk; and to its foreign business operations, which are subject to foreign exchange rate risk. The Company s market risk disclosures set forth in its 2023 Annual Report filed on Form 10-K have not otherwise changed significantly. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was performed by the Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and the Company s Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)), as of September 30, 2024. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as designed and implemented, are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, in a manner that allows timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 39 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased shares of its Class B Common Stock as set forth in the following table: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan (2) 
 Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan (2) 
 July 1 - 31 12,689 758.71 12,689 154,928 August 1 - 31 29,790 745.63 29,790 125,138 September 1 - 30 22,011 785.58 22,011 486,132 64,490 761.84 64,490 
 (1) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with repurchases, including commissions and excise taxes. 
 (2) On May 4, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the Company to purchase, on the open market or otherwise, up to 500,000 shares of its Class B Common Stock. There was no expiration date for this authorization. On September 12, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the Company to purchase, on the open market or otherwise, up to 500,000 shares of its Class B Common Stock. This authorization includes shares that remained under the previous authorization. There is no expiration date for this authorization. All purchases made during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 were open market transactions and some of these shares were purchased under a 10b5-1 plan. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the following directors or officers of the Company s (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K: 
 , , the Company s a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement providing for the sale of an aggregate of up to shares of the Company s Class B common stock acquired upon the vesting of restricted stock awards held by Mr. Snyman. The actual number of shares sold under the trading arrangement will be net of shares withheld for taxes upon vesting and settlement of the restricted stock awards subject to the trading plan. The trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c). The first date that sales of any shares are permitted to be sold under the trading arrangement is January 6, 2025, and subsequent sales under the trading arrangement may occur on a regular basis for the duration of the trading arrangement until , or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no other directors or officers of the Company s (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 40 

Item 6. Exhibits . 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated November 13, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2003). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment, effective November 29, 2013, to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s current Report on Form 8-K dated November 29, 2013). 
 3.3 By-Laws of the Company as amended and restated through September 12 , 20 24 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 12 , 20 24 ). 
 4.1 Senior Notes Indenture dated as of May 30, 2018, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 30, 2018). 
 4.2 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 24, 2020, among Graham Healthcare Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, a subsidiary of the Company, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020). 
 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 6, 2022, among Graham Automotive LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, a subsidiary of Graham Holdings Company, a Delaware corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021). 
 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 15, 2023, among Graham Digital Holding Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, a subsidiary of Graham Holdings Company, a Delaware corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. 
 32 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL and included as Exhibit 101 
 
 Furnished herewith. 
 41 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 GRAHAM HOLDINGS COMPANY (Registrant) Date: October 30, 2024 /s/ Timothy J. O Shaughnessy Timothy J. O Shaughnessy, 
 President Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: October 30, 2024 /s/ Wallace R. Cooney Wallace R. Cooney, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2024q310-qex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Timothy J. O Shaughnessy, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) of Graham Holdings Company (the Registrant ), certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Timothy J. O Shaughnessy Timothy J. O Shaughnessy 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 October 30, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2024q310-qex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Wallace R. Cooney, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) of Graham Holdings Company (the Registrant ), certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Wallace R. Cooney 
 Wallace R. Cooney 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 October 30, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 a2024q310-qex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND THE CHIEF FINANCIAL 
 OFFICER 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Graham Holdings Company (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), Timothy J. O Shaughnessy, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) of the Company and Wallace R. Cooney, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Timothy J. O Shaughnessy Timothy J. O Shaughnessy 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 October 30, 2024 
 
 s Wallace R. Cooney 
 Wallace R. Cooney 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 October 30, 2024 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ghc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ghc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ghc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ghc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ghc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

