<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_1228454_0001228454-24-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>35468020</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97684</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1532077</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>21862676</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2561899</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8648246</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001228454-24-000012.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101094212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001228454-24-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BCB BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001228454
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				260065262
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50275
		FILM NUMBER:		241417438

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104-110 AVENUE C
		CITY:			BAYONNE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(201) 823-0700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		104-110 AVENUE C
		CITY:			BAYONNE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001228454-24-000012.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 bcbp-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

bcbp-20240930x10q 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended Or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer I.D. No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. T o No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x o No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer o x Non-Accelerated Filer o Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). o Yes No APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of November 1, 2024, BCB Bancorp, Inc., had shares of common stock, no par value, outstanding. 

BCB BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX Page PART I. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 1 Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (unaudited) 2 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (unaudited) 3 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (unaudited) 4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (unaudited) 7 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 28 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 34 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 34 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 35 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 35 Item 1A. Risk Factors 35 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 35 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 35 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 35 Item 5. Other Information 35 Item 6. Exhibits 36 Signatures 37 

PART I. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM I. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS BCB BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition (In thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Unaudited) September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Cash and amounts due from depository institutions Interest-earning deposits Total cash and cash equivalents Interest-earning time deposits Debt securities available for sale, at fair value Equity investments, at fair value Loans held for sale Loans receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively Federal Home Loan Bank of New York stock, at cost Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Deferred income taxes, net Goodwill and other intangibles Operating lease right-of-use assets Bank-owned life insurance ("BOLI") Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY LIABILITIES Non-interest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits FHLB advances Subordinated debentures Operating lease liability Other liabilities Total Liabilities STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Preferred stock: par value, shares authorized; issued and outstanding shares Series I and Series J (liquidation value per share) noncumulative perpetual preferred stock at September 30, 2024 and shares of Series I and Series J (liquidation value per share) noncumulative perpetual preferred stock at December 31, 2023 - - Additional paid-in capital preferred stock Common stock: par value; shares authorized; issued and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, outstanding and , at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively - - Additional paid-in capital common stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss Treasury stock, at cost, shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 Total Stockholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

 1 

BCB BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Income (In thousands, Except for Per Share Amounts, Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022 Interest and dividend income: Loans, including fees Mortgage-backed securities Other investment securities FHLB stock and other interest earning assets Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits: Demand Savings and club Certificates of deposit Borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision (benefit) for credit losses (1) - Net interest income after provision (benefit) for credit losses Non-interest income: Fees and service charges BOLI income Gain (loss) gain on sales of loans Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on equity investments Other Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and communications Professional fees Director fees Regulatory assessments Advertising and promotional Other real estate owned, net - - Other Total non-interest expense Income before income tax provision Income tax provision Net Income Preferred stock dividends Net Income available to common stockholders Net Income per common share-basic and diluted Basic Diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. (1) 

 2 

BCB BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (In thousands, Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022 Net Income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Available-for-sale debt securities: Unrealized holding income gain (loss) arising during the period Tax Effect Other comprehensive income/(loss) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

BCB BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (In thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Unaudited) Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at January 1, 2024 - - Net income - - - - - Other comprehensive income - - - - - Issuance of Series J preferred stock - - - - - Stock-based compensation expense - - - - - Dividends payable on Series I and Series J noncumulative perpetual preferred stock - - - - - Cash dividends on common stock per share declared) - - - - - Dividend reinvestment plan - - - - - Stock Purchase Plan - - - - - Balance at September 30, 2024 - - Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at July 1, 2024 - - Net income - - - - - Other comprehensive income - - - - - Issuance of Series J preferred stock - - - - - Stock-based compensation expense - - - - - Dividends payable on Series I and Series J noncumulative perpetual preferred stock - - - - - Cash dividends on common stock per share declared) - - - - - Dividend reinvestment plan - - - - - Stock Purchase Plan - - - - - Balance at September 30, 2024 - - 

4 

BCB BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (In thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Unaudited) Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at December 31, 2022 - - Effect of Adopting ASU No. 2016 -13 ("CECL") - - - - - Beginning Balance at January 1, 2023 - - Net income - - - - - Other comprehensive loss - - - - - Exercise of stock options shares) - - - - - Stock-based compensation expense - - - - - Treasury Stock Purchases shares) - - - - - Dividends payable on Series H and Series I noncumulative perpetual preferred stock - - - - - Redemption of Series H Preferred Stock - - - - - Cash dividends on common stock per share declared) - - - - - Dividend reinvestment plan - - - - - Stock Purchase Plan - - - - - Balance at September 30, 2023 - - Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at July 1, 2023 - - Net income - - - - - Other comprehensive loss - - - - - Stock-based compensation expense - - - - - Dividends payable on Series H and Series I noncumulative perpetual preferred stock - - - - - Redemption of Series H Preferred Stock - - - - - Cash dividends on common stock per share declared) - - - - - Dividend reinvestment plan - - - - - Stock Purchase Plan - - - - - Balance at September 30, 2023 - - 

5 

BCB BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (In thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Unaudited) Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at January 1, 2022 - - Net income - - - - - Other comprehensive loss - - - - - Stock-based compensation expense - - - - - Exercise of stock options shares) - - - - - Treasury stock purchases shares) - - - - - Dividends payable on Series D , Series G , Series H , and series I noncumulative perpetual preferred stock - - - - - Redemption of Series D and Series G Preferred Stock - - - Issuance of Series I Preferred Stock - - - - Cash dividends on common stock per share declared) - - - - - Dividend reinvestment plan - - - - - Stock Purchase Plan - - - - - Balance at September 30, 2022 - - Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Balance at July 1, 2022 - - Net income - - - - - Other comprehensive income - - - - - Stock-based compensation expense - - - - - Exercise of stock options shares) - - - - - Treasury stock purchases shares) - - - - - Dividends payable on Series H , and series I noncumulative perpetual preferred stock - - - - - Issuance of Series I preferred Stock - - - - Cash dividends on common stock per share declared) - - - - - Dividend reinvestment plan - - - - - Stock Purchase Plan - - - - - Balance at September 30, 2022 - - 

6 

BCB BANCORP INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands, Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation of premises and equipment Amortization and accretion, net Provision (benefit) for credit losses Deferred income tax expense (benefit) Loans originated for sale Proceeds from sales of loans Loss (gain) on sales of loans Gain on sale of fixed asset - - Realized and unrealized (gain) loss on equity investments Stock-based compensation expense Increase in cash surrender value of BOLI Net change in accrued interest receivable Net change in other assets Net change in accrued interest payable Net change in other liabilities Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from repayments, calls, and maturities on securities available for sale Purchases of securities Proceeds from sales of securities - Proceeds from sales of fixed asset - - Proceeds from the sale of portfolio loans - - Net decrease (increase) in loans receivable Proceeds from BOLI - - Additions to premises and equipment Purchase (redemption) of Federal Home Loan Bank of New York stock Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Investing Activities Cash flows from financing activities: Net (decrease) increase in deposits Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Long Term Advances - - Repayments of Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Advances - - Net change in Federal Home Loan Bank of New York Short Term Advances - Purchases of treasury stock - Cash dividends paid on common stock Cash dividends paid on preferred stock Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock - Payments for redemption of preferred stock - Net proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt - - Net payment from redemption of subordinated debt - - Exercise of stock options - Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents-Beginning Cash and Cash Equivalents-Ending Supplementary Cash Flow Information: Cash paid during the period for: Income taxes Interest Transfer of loans receivable to loans held for sale - - 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

BCB Bancorp Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements locations in Bayonne, Edison, Fairfield, Hoboken, Holmdel, Jersey City, Lyndhurst, Maplewood, Monroe Township, Newark, Parsippany, Plainsboro, South Orange, River Edge, Rutherford, Union, and Woodbridge New Jersey, as well as Staten Island and Hicksville, New York and is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Bank is principally engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public and using these deposits, together with borrowed funds, to invest in securities and to make loans collateralized by residential and commercial real estate and, to a lesser extent, business and consumer loans. BCB Holding Company Investment Corp. (the New Jersey Investment Company was organized in January 2005 under New Jersey law as a New Jersey investment company primarily to hold investment and mortgage-backed securities. As a part of the merger with IA Bancorp, Inc., the Company acquired Special Asset REO 1, LLC and Special Asset REO 2, LLC. Special Asset REO 2 was inactive at September 30, 2024. The Bank changed the name of Special Asset REO 1, LLC to BCB Capital Finance Group, LLC in November 2023. The consolidated financial statements which include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. , or any other future period. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated statement of financial condition and revenues and expenses for the periods then ended. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Risks and Uncertainties - The occurrence of events which adversely affect the global, national and regional economies may have a negative impact on our business. Like other financial institutions, our business relies upon the ability and willingness of our customers to transact business with us, including banking, borrowing and other financial transactions. A strong and stable economy at each of the local, federal and global levels is often a critical component of consumer confidence and typically correlates positively with our customers ability and willingness to transact certain types of business with us. Local and global events outside of our control which disrupt the New Jersey, New York, United States and/or global economy may therefore negatively impact our business and financial condition. A public health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic is no exception, and its adverse health and economic effects may adversely impact our business and financial condition. million decrease in allowance for credit losses on loans that is referred to as the current expected credit loss CECL methodology (previously allowance for loan losses), an elimination of million of reserves related to acquired loans, and a million increase related to allowance for off-balance sheet credit exposures included in other liabilities section of the consolidated statements of financial condition, which resulted in a total cumulative effect adjustment of million and an increase to retained earnings a component of the stockholders equity (net of tax). Allowance for Credit Losses The allowance for credit losses represents the estimated amount considered necessary to cover lifetime expected credit losses inherent in financial assets at the balance sheet date. The measurement of expected credit losses is applicable to loans receivable and securities measured at amortized cost. It also applies to off-balance sheet credit exposures such as loan commitments and unused lines of credit. The allowance is established through a provision for credit losses that is charged against income. The methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses is considered a critical accounting policy by management because of the high degree of judgment involved, the subjectivity of the assumptions used, and the potential for changes in the forecasted economic environment that could result in changes to the amount of the recorded allowance for credit losses. The allowance for credit losses is reported separately as a contra-asset on the consolidated statement of financial condition. The expected credit loss for unfunded lending commitments and unfunded loan commitments is reported on the consolidated statement of financial condition in other liabilities while the provision for credit losses related to unfunded commitments is reported in other non-interest expense. Changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded as provision for, or reversal of, credit loss expense. Losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a receivable is confirmed or when either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. 

 8 

shares of common stock of the Company pursuant to grants of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and performance awards. Employees and directors of the Company and the Bank are eligible to participate in the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. All stock options are granted in the form of either "incentive" stock options or "non-qualified" stock options. Incentive stock options have certain tax advantages that must comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code. Only employees are permitted to receive incentive stock options. The Company, under the plan approved by its shareholders on April 26, 2018 2018 Equity Incentive Plan ), authorized the issuance of up to shares of common stock of the Company pursuant to grants of stock options and restricted stock units. Employees and directors of the Company and the Bank are eligible to participate in the 2018 Stock Plan. All stock options are granted in the form of either "incentive" stock options or "non-qualified" stock options. Incentive stock options have certain tax advantages that must comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code. Only employees are permitted to receive incentive stock options. The Company, under the plan approved by its shareholders on April 28, 2011 2011 Stock Plan ), authorized the issuance of up to shares of common stock of the Company pursuant to grants of stock options. Employees and directors of the Company and the Bank are eligible to participate in the 2011 Stock Plan. All stock options were granted in the form of either "incentive" stock options or "non-qualified" stock options. Incentive stock options have certain tax advantages that must comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code. Only employees are permitted to receive incentive stock options. On April 25, 2024, awards of and shares of restricted stock were declared for an executive officer of the Bank and the Company, which vest over a and -year period, respectively, commencing on the anniversary date of the awards. 

 9 

shares of restricted stock was declared for a director and executive officer of the Bank and the Company, which fully vested on the anniversary of the award date. On January 31, 2023, awards of shares of restricted stock, in aggregate were declared for members of the Board of Directors of the Bank and the Company, which vest over a -year period, commencing on the anniversary of the award date. On September 30, 2022, awards of shares of restricted stock, in aggregate, were declared for certain executive officers of the Bank and the Company, which fully vested on November 30, 2022. On January 12, 2022, awards of shares of restricted stock were declared for members of the Board of Directors of the Bank and the Company, which vest over a -year period, commencing on the anniversary of the award date. The following table presents a summary of the status of the Company s restricted shares as of September 30, 2024 and 2023. Granted Vested Forfeited Non-vested at September 30, 2024 
 Number of Shares Awarded Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Non-vested at January 1, 2023 Granted Vested Forfeited - - Non-vested at September 30, 2023 
 
 Restricted stock expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. Expected future expenses relating to the non-vested restricted shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was approximately over a weighted average period of years . The following table presents a summary of the status of the Company s outstanding stock option awards as of September 30, 2024. - Options granted - - - Options exercised - - - Options forfeited - - - Options expired Outstanding at September 30, 2024 - 
 As of September 30, 2024, stock options which were granted and were exercisable totaled . It is Company policy to issue new shares upon share option exercise. and , respectively. Expected future compensation expense relating to the shares of unvested options outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was over a weighted average period of years. 

 10 

and outstanding options considered to be anti-dilutive for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There were and outstanding options considered to be anti-dilutive for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There were outstanding options considered to be anti-dilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022. The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations: Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options - - - Diluted earnings per share: Income available to common stockholders 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2022 Income Shares Per Share Income Shares Per Share Income Shares Per Share (Numerator) (Denominator) Amount (Numerator) (Denominator) Amount (Numerator) (Denominator) Amount (In Thousands, except per share data) Basic earnings per share: Income available to common stockholders Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options - - - Diluted earnings per share: Income available to common stockholders 
 Net losses recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period - - - Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity investments during the reporting period 

11 

- More than five to ten years - More than ten years Sub-total: Corporate Debt securities: More than one to five years - More than five to ten years Sub-total: Total securities 
 December 31, 2023 Gross Gross Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Cost Gains Losses Fair Value (In Thousands) Residential Mortgage-backed securities: More than one to five years - More than five to ten years - More than ten years Sub-total: Corporate Debt securities: More than one to five years - More than five to ten years - Sub-total: - Total securities 

12 

Corporate Debt securities - - - - December 31, 2023 Residential mortgage-backed securities Corporate Debt securities - - 
 Commercial and multi-family Construction Commercial business Business express Home equity (1) Consumer Less: Deferred loan fees, net Allowance for credit losses Total Loans, net 

13 

or lower. Home equity lending entails certain risks such as interest rate risk and risk of non-repayment. The marketability of the underlying property may be adversely affected by higher interest rates, decreasing the collateral value securing the loan. Repayment risk can be affected by job loss, divorce, illness and personal bankruptcy of the borrower. Home equity line of credit lending entails securing an equity interest in the borrower s home. In many cases, the Bank s position in these loans is as a junior lien holder to another institution s superior lien. This type of lending is often priced on an adjustable rate basis with the rate set at or above a predefined index. Adjustable-rate loans decrease the interest rate risk to the Bank that is associated with changes in interest rates but involve other risks, primarily because as interest rates rise, the payment by the borrower rises to the extent permitted by the terms of the loan, thereby increasing the potential for default. Other consumer loans generally have more credit risk because of the type and nature of the collateral and, in certain cases, the absence of collateral. Consumer loans generally have shorter terms and higher interest rates than other lending. In addition, consumer lending collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and thus are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness and personal bankruptcy. In many cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan will not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan. 
 
 14 

Charge-offs: - - - - - - Recoveries: - - - - Provision (benefit): Ending Balance, September 30, 2024 Ending Balance attributable to loans: Individually evaluated - - - Collectively evaluated Ending Balance, September 30, 2024 Loans Receivables: Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total Gross Loans: 
 (1) Includes home equity lines of credit. Residential Commercial Multi-family Construction Commercial Business Business Express Home Equity (1) Consumer Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning Balance, January 1, 2024 Charge-offs: - - - - Recoveries: - - - - Provision (benefit): Ending Balance, September 30, 2024 
 (1) Includes home equity lines of credit. 
 
 15 

Charge-offs: - - - - - - Recoveries: - - - - - Provision (benefit): Ending Balance, September 30, 2023 Ending Balance attributable to loans: Individually evaluated - - - - Collectively evaluated Ending Balance, September 30, 2023 Loans Receivables: Individually evaluated - Collectively evaluated Total Gross Loans: 
 (1) Includes home equity lines of credit. Residential Commercial Multi-family Construction Commercial Business Business Express Home Equity (1) Consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for credit losses: Ending Balance December 31, 2022 Effect of adopting ASU No. 2016-13 ("CECL") Beginning Balance, January 1, 2023 - Charge-offs: - - - - - - Recoveries: - - - - - Provision (benefit): - Ending Balance, September 30, 2023 - 
 (1) Includes home equity lines of credit. The following table sets forth the activity in the allowance for credit losses and amount recorded in loans receivable at and for the year ended December 31, 2023. The table also details the amount of total loans receivable that are evaluated individually and collectively, and the related portion of the allowance for credit losses that is allocated to each loan class (in thousands): Residential Commercial Multi-family Construction Commercial Business Business Express Home Equity (1) Consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for credit losses: Ending Balance, December 31, 2022 Effect of adopting ASU No. 2016-13 ("CECL") Beginning Balance, January 1, 2023 - Charge-offs: - - - - - - - Recoveries: - - - - Provision (benefit): - Ending Balance, December 31, 2023 - Ending Balance attributable to loans: Individually evaluated - - - - Collectively evaluated - Ending Balance, December 31, 2023 - Loans Receivables: Individually evaluated - - Collectively evaluated - Total Gross Loans - 
 (1) Includes home equity lines of credit. 
 
 16 

Benefit for credit losses Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Allowance for Credit Losses: Beginning Balance - Impact of adopting ASU No. 2016-13 ("CECL") effective January 1, 2023 - Provision (benefit) for credit losses Balance at September 30, 2023 
 - Commercial and multi-family Construction - - Commercial business Business express Home equity (1) - Consumer - - - Total 
 (1) Includes home equity lines of credit. The following table sets forth the delinquency status of total loans receivable at December 31, 2023: Loans Receivable Greater Than >90 Days 30-59 Days 60-90 Days 90 Days Total Past Total Loans Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due Due Current Receivable and Accruing (In Thousands) Residential one-to-four family - - Commercial and multi-family - Construction - - Commercial business - Business Express Home equity (1) - - - Consumer - - - - - Total - 
 (1) Includes home equity lines of credit. 
 
 17 

Note 7 - Loans Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses (Continued) Modifications The Company adopted ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures ASU 2022-02 effective January 1, 2023. The amendments in ASU 2022-02 eliminated the recognition and measurement of troubled debt restructurings and enhanced disclosures for loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The following table shows the amortized cost basis of loans modified to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty, disaggregated by loan category and type of concession granted for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. - 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In Thousands) Number Payment Delay Term Extension Total Principal of Total Class of Financing Receivable Residential one-to-four family - Business Express - 
 The following table presents loan modifications made during 2024 by payment status as of September 30, 2024. - - - Business Express - - 
 The Company monitors the performance of loans modified to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to understand the effectiveness of the modification efforts. The Company did not have any loans that were both experiencing financial difficulty and modified during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 18 

- Commercial and multi-family Construction - Commercial business - Business express loans - Home equity (1) - Consumer - - Total 
 (1) Includes home equity lines of credit. As of December 31, 2023 (in Thousands) Non-accrual loans with an Allowance for Credit Losses Non-accrual loans without an Allowance for Credit Losses Total Non-accrual loans Amortized Cost of Loans Past due 90 days and Still Accruing Residential one-to-four family - - Commercial and multi-family - Construction - Commercial business - Business express loans - - Home equity (1) - - Total - 
 (1) Includes home equity lines of credit. Had non-accrual loans been performing in accordance with their original terms, the interest income recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 would have been approximately million and million, respectively. Interest income recognized on loans returned to accrual was approximately million and , respectively. The Bank has not committed to lend additional funds to the borrowers whose loans have been placed on non-accrual status. At September 30, 2024, there were million loans more than ninety days past due and still accruing interest. At December 31, 2023 there were loans more than ninety days past due and still accruing interest. 
 
 19 

20 

- - Special Mention - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Total one-to-four family - - Commercial and multi-family Pass - Special Mention - - Substandard - - - - Total Commercial and multi-family - Construction Pass - - - Special Mention - - - Substandard - - - - - - - Total Construction - Commercial business Pass - Special Mention - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Loss - - - - - - - Total Commercial business - Business express Pass - - - - - - Special Mention - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Total Business express - - - - - - Home equity Pass Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total Home equity Consumer Pass - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - Total Consumer - Total Loans Gross charge-offs - - - - 

21 

- - Special Mention - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Total one-to-four family - - Commercial and multi-family Pass - Special Mention - - - Substandard - - - - Total Commercial and multi-family - Construction Pass - - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total Construction - - Commercial business Pass Special Mention - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - Total Commercial business Business express Pass - - - - - - - Special Mention - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - Total Business express - - - - - - - Home equity Pass Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - Total Home equity Consumer Pass - - Special Mention - - - - - - - - - Substandard - - - - - - - - - Total Consumer - - Total Loans Gross charge-offs - - - - - - - 

22 

per share (the Series J Preferred Stock ), resulting in gross proceeds of for shares. On June 21, 2024, the Company closed a private placement of Series J Noncumulative Perpetual Stock, par value per share (the Series J Preferred Stock ), resulting in gross proceeds of for shares. On March 29,2024, the Company closed a private placement of Series J Noncumulative Perpetual Stock, par value per share (the Series J Preferred Stock ), resulting in gross proceeds of for shares. On December 14, 2023, the Company closed a private placement of Series J Noncumulative Perpetual Stock, par value per share (the Series J Preferred Stock ), resulting in gross proceeds of for shares. outstanding shares of its Series H Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, at their face value of per share, for a total redemption amount of . The company redeemed the remaining outstanding shares of its Series H Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock during the fourth quarter of 2023, at their face value of per share, for a total redemption amount of million . million in BOLI. BOLI is recorded at its net realizable value. amortization expense of the core deposit intangibles for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Amortization expense of the core deposit intangibles was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The unamortized balance of the core deposit intangibles and the amount of goodwill at September 30, 2024 was and million, respectively. The unamortized balance of the core deposit intangibles and the amount of goodwill at September 30, 2023 was and million, respectively. The Company s core deposit intangibles are amortized on an accelerated basis using an estimated life of and in accordance with U.S. GAAP are evaluated annually for impairment. An impairment loss will be recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount of the intangible asset is not considered recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. The Company conducts impairment analysis on goodwill at least annually or more often as conditions require. Pursuant to ASC 350-20-35, the Company conducted a qualitative assessment of goodwill as of October 31, 2023, and determined that it was more likely than not that goodwill was not impaired. Accordingly, there was impairment at December 31, 2023. The Company believes that the fair values of its goodwill was in excess of its carrying amounts and there was impairment at September 30, 2024. 

 23 

- - Marketable Equities - - Total Securities - As of December 31, 2023: Securities Debt Securities Available for Sale - - Marketable Equities - - Total Securities - 
 There were transfers of assets or liabilities into or out of Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. There were liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Assets that the Company measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis were as follows (In thousands): - - As of December 31, 2023: Individually Evaluated Loans - - 
 Certain individually evaluated loans were adjusted to the fair value, less costs to sell, of the underlying collateral securing these loans resulting in losses. The loss is not recorded directly as an adjustment to current earnings, but rather as a component in determining the allowance for credit losses. Fair value was measured using appraised values of collateral and adjusted as necessary by management based on unobservable inputs for specific properties. Losses on individually evaluated loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively. There were liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

 24 

Appraisal of collateral (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - 
 Fair Value Valuation Unobservable Estimate Techniques Input Range December 31, 2023: Individually Evaluated Loans Appraisal of collateral (1) Appraisal adjustments (2) - 
 (1) Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally include various level 3 inputs which are not objectively determinable. (2) Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. The range of liquidation expenses and other appraisal adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal. The following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire Company since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited portion of the Company s assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between the Company s disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of the Company s financial instruments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Cash and Cash Equivalents and Interest-Earning Time Deposits (Carried at Cost) The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated statements of financial condition for cash and short-term instruments approximate fair values. Securities (Carried at Fair Value) The fair value of securities is determined by obtaining quoted market prices on nationally recognized security exchanges (Level 1) or, by matrix pricing (Level 2), which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted market prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted prices. Loans Held for Sale (Lower of Cost or Market) The fair value of loans held for sale is determined, when possible, using quoted secondary-market prices. If no such quoted prices exist, the fair value of a loan is determined using quoted prices for a similar loan or loans, adjusted for specific attributes of that loan. Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Loans Receivable (Carried at Amortized Cost) The fair values of loans, except for certain individually evaluated loans, are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using market rates at the date of the Statement of Financial Condition that reflect the credit and interest rate-risk inherent in the loans. Projected future cash flows are calculated based upon contractual maturity or call dates, projected repayments and prepayments of principal. Generally, for variable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values. Individually Evaluated Loans (Generally Carried at Fair Value) Individually evaluated loans are those for which the Company has measured and recorded credit losses based on the fair value of the loan s collateral, less estimated costs to sell. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties, or discounted cash flows based upon the expected proceeds. These assets are included as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. The fair value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 consisted of the loan balances of million net of an allowance for credit losses of million and million net of an allowance for credit losses of million, respectively. Other Real Estate Owned (Carried at Lower of Cost or Fair Value) Other real estate owned is carried at fair value less estimated costs to sell which is determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties or based upon the expected proceeds from a pending sale. These assets are included as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. FHLB of New York Stock (Carried at Cost) The carrying amount of restricted investment in bank stock approximates fair value and considers the limited marketability of such securities. Accrued Interest Receivable and Payable (Carried at Cost) The carrying amount of accrued interest receivable and accrued interest payable approximates its fair value. Deposits (Carried at Cost) The fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., interest and non-interest checking, savings and money market accounts1) are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts). Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered in the market on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. 
 
 25 

- - Interest-earning time deposits - - Debt securities available for sale - - Equity investments - - Loans held for sale - - Loans receivable, net - - FHLB of New York stock, at cost - - Accrued interest receivable - - Financial liabilities: Deposits - Borrowings - - Subordinated debentures - - Accrued interest payable - - 
 As of December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Significant Significant Carrying Markets for Identical Assets Other Observable Inputs Unobservable Inputs Value Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) (In Thousands) Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents - - Interest-earning time deposits - - Debt securities available for sale - - Equity investments - - Loans held for sale - - Loans receivable, net - - FHLB of New York stock, at cost - - Accrued interest receivable - - Financial liabilities: Deposits - Debt - - Subordinated debentures - - Accrued interest payable - - 

26 

million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated debentures (the Old Notes in a private placement. The Notes have a 10-year term and bore an interest at a fixed annual rate of for the first of the term (the "Fixed Interest Rate Period"). On August 1, 2023, the interest rate was scheduled to adjust to a floating rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus until redemption or maturity (the "Floating Interest Rate Period"). However, LIBOR was replaced as the benchmark rate per the discussion below. The Old Notes are scheduled to mature on August 1, 2028. The Company will pay interest in arrears quarterly during the remaining term of the Old Notes. The Old Notes constitute an unsecured and subordinated obligation of the Company and rank junior in right of payment to any senior indebtedness and obligations to general and secured creditors. The Old Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for the Company for regulatory purposes, when applicable, and the portion that the Company contributed to the Bank qualifies as Tier 1 capital for the Bank. Subordinated debt included associated deferred costs of which were fully amortized during the year ended December 31, 2023. The Tier 2 capital credit related to the Old Notes started to amortize as the Old Notes reached their five-year anniversary on August 1, 2023. On August 29, 2024, the Company issued million of fixed-to-floating subordinated debentures (the New Notes in a private placement to certain qualified institutional investors. The New Notes have a 10-year term and bear interest at a fixed rate of for the first of the term. The fixed interest rate is payable semiannually for the first five years and will be reset quarterly thereafter to the then-current three-month SOFR (defined below) plus basis points. The Company plans to use the net proceeds from the offering to refinance the Old Notes and for general corporate purposes. The New Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for the Company for regulatory purposes and the portion that the Company contributes to the Bank will qualify as Tier 1 capital for the Bank. The New Notes constitute an unsecured and subordinated obligation of the Company and rank junior in right of payment to any senior indebtedness and obligations to general and secured creditors. During the third quarter, the Company was able to repurchase million of the Old Notes and plans on calling the remaining million of the Old Notes on the next callable date of November 1, 2024. The Company also has million of mandatory redeemable trust preferred securities. The interest rate on these floating rate junior subordinated debentures adjusts quarterly and had been equal to the three-month LIBOR plus . They mature on June 17, 2034. In accordance with the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act and the regulation issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System implementing the LIBOR Act, the Company has selected the three-month CME Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the applicable successor rate for both the Old Notes and the trust preferred securities. The calculation of the amount of interest payable, based on the three-month CME Term SOFR, will also include the applicable tenor spread adjustment of per annum as specified in the LIBOR Act. At September 30, 2024, the interest rate for the Old Notes and trust preferred securities was and , respectively. of its offices under various operating lease agreements. The leases have remaining terms of to . The leases contain provisions for the payment by the Company of its pro-rata share of real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance and other variable expenses. The Company will allocate payments made under such leases between lease and non-lease components. Some leases contain renewal options and options to purchase the assets. The Company has elected not to recognize a lease liability and a right of use asset for leases with a lease term of 12 or fewer months. The following tables present certain information related to the Company s leases (in thousands): Variable lease expense-operating leases 
 At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases: Operating Leases Operating lease right-of-use assets Current liabilities Operating lease liabilities (noncurrent portion) Imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 
 The weighted average remaining lease term for operating leases at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was years and years, respectively. The weighted average discount rate for operating leases at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was percent and percent, respectively. The following table summarizes the Company s maturity of lease obligations for operating leases at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands): Over one year through three years Over three years through five years Over five years Gross operating lease liabilities Imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 
 , the Board of Directors of the Company declared a cash dividend of per share to shareholders of record of its common stock on , with a payment date of . 

 27 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements This report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, or the PSLRA. Such forward-looking statements, in addition to historical information, involve risk and uncertainties, and are based on the beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our management team. Words such as expects, believes, should, plans, anticipates, will, potential, could, intend, may, outlook, predict, project, would, estimated, assumes, likely, and variation of such similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Because forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions and uncertainties, actual results or future events could differ, possibly materially, from those that we anticipated in our forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance. The most significant factor that could cause future results to differ materially from those anticipated by our forward-looking statements include the ongoing impact of higher inflation levels, higher interest rates and general economic and recessionary concerns, all of which could impact economic growth and could cause a reduction in financial transactions and business activities, including decreased deposits and reduced loan originations, our ability to manage liquidity and capital in a rapidly changing and unpredictable market, supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and additional interest rate increases by the Federal Reserve. Other factors that could cause future results to vary materially from current management expectations as reflected in our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: the global impact of the military conflicts in the Ukraine and the Middle East; unfavorable economic conditions in the United States generally and particularly in our primary market area; the impact of any future pandemics or other natural disasters; the Company s ability to effectively attract and deploy deposits; changes in the Company s corporate strategies, the composition of its assets, or the way in which it funds those assets; shifts in investor sentiment or behavior in the securities, capital, or other financial markets, including changes in market liquidity or volatility; the effects of declines in real estate values that may adversely impact the collateral underlying our loans; increase in unemployment levels and slowdowns in economic growth; our level of non-performing assets and the costs associated with resolving any problem loans including litigation and other costs; the impact of changes in interest rates and the credit quality and strength of underlying collateral and the effect of such changes on the market value of our loan and investment securities portfolios; the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio; changes in the quality and composition of the Bank s loan and investment portfolios; changes in our ability to access cost-effective funding; deposit flows; legislative and regulatory changes, including increases in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, insurance rates; monetary and fiscal policies of the federal and state governments; changes in tax policies, rates and regulations of federal, state and local tax authorities; demands for our loan products; demand for financial services; competition; changes in the securities or secondary mortgage markets; changes in management s business strategies; our ability to enter new markets successfully; our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses; changes in consumer spending; our ability to retain key employees; the effects of any reputational, credit, interest rate, market, operational, legal, liquidity, or regulatory risk; expanding regulatory requirements which could adversely affect operating results; civil unrest in the communities that we serve; and other factors discussed elsewhere in this report, and in other reports we filed with the SEC, including under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our annual Report on Form 10-K, in Part II, Item 1A of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and our other periodic reports that we file with the SEC. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our expectations only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We do not assume any obligation to revise forward-looking statements except as may be required by law. Overview BCB Bancorp, Inc. is a New Jersey corporation, and is the holding company parent of BCB Community Bank, or the Bank. The Company has not engaged in any significant business activity other than owning all of the outstanding common stock of BCB Community Bank. Our executive office is located at 104-110 Avenue C, Bayonne, New Jersey 07002. At September 30, 2024, we had 3.614 billion in consolidated assets, 2.725 billion in deposits and 328.1 million in consolidated stockholders equity. BCB Community Bank opened for business on November 1, 2000 as Bayonne Community Bank, a New Jersey chartered commercial bank. The Bank changed its name from Bayonne Community Bank to BCB Community Bank in April 2007. At September 30, 2024, the Bank operated at twenty-three branches in Bayonne, Edison, Jersey City, Hoboken, Fairfield, Holmdel, Lyndhurst, Maplewood, Monroe Township, Newark, Parsippany, Plainsboro, River Edge, Rutherford, South Orange, Union, and Woodbridge, New Jersey, as well as three branches in Hicksville and Staten Island, NY, and through executive offices located at 104-110 Avenue C and an administrative office located at 591-595 Avenue C, Bayonne, New Jersey 07002. The Bank s deposit accounts are insured by the FDIC, and the Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System. 

 28 

We are a community-oriented financial institution. Our business is to offer FDIC-insured deposit products and to invest funds held in deposit accounts at the Bank, together with funds generated from operations, in loans and investment securities. We offer our customers: loans, including commercial and multi-family real estate loans, one- to four-family mortgage loans, home equity loans, construction loans, consumer loans and commercial business loans. In recent years the primary growth in our loan portfolio has been in loans secured by commercial real estate and multi-family properties; FDIC-insured deposit products, including savings and club accounts, interest and non-interest bearing demand accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts; and retail and commercial banking services including wire transfers, money orders, safe deposit boxes, a night depository, debit cards, online banking, mobile banking, gift cards, fraud detection (positive pay), and automated teller services. Critical Accounting Estimates Estimates and assumptions are necessary in the application of certain accounting policies and can be susceptible to significant change. Critical accounting estimates are defined as those that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had, or could have, a material impact on the Company s financial conditions or results of operation. At September 30, 2024, the Company considers the allowance for credit losses to be a critical accounting estimate. See further discussion of this critical accounting estimate in Note 7 of this Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 3. Financial Condition Total assets decreased by 218.6 million, or 5.7 percent, to 3.614 billion at September 30, 2024, from 3.832 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease in total assets was mainly related to a decrease in loans of 191.8 million. The decrease was primarily from loan payoffs/paydowns that exceeded loan originations. Total cash and cash equivalents decreased by 36.4 million, or 13.0 percent, to 243.1 million at September 30, 2024, from 279.5 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to the withdrawal of brokered deposits. Loans receivable, net, decreased by 191.8 million, or 5.8 percent, to 3.088 billion at September 30, 2024, from 3.280 billion at December 31, 2023. Total loan decreases during the period included decreases of 137.2 million in commercial real estate multi-family loans, 46.3 million in construction loans and 7.2 million in 1-4 family residential loans for the same period. Commercial business loans also decreased 837 thousand. The allowance for credit losses increased 1.1 million to 34.7 million, or 98.2 percent of non-accruing loans and 1.11 percent of gross loans, at September 30, 2024, as compared to an allowance for credit losses of 33.6 million, or 178.9 percent of non-accruing loans and 1.01 percent of gross loans, at December 31, 2023. Total investment securities increased by 11.4 million, or 11.8 percent, to 108.3 million at September 30, 2024, from 96.9 million at December 31, 2023, as excess liquidity has been deployed into the securities portfolio. Deposits decreased by 254.5 million, or 8.5 percent, to 2.725 billion at September 30, 2024, from 2.979 billion at December 31, 2023. A majority of the decline was due to a decrease in certificates of deposit of 175.8 million. The reduction in certificates of deposit was mainly caused by the withdrawal of brokered deposits which was partially offset by an increase in retail time deposits. Total borrowings increased by 23.0 million to 533.4 million at September 30, 2024 from 510.4 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in borrowings was primarily due to the successful completion of the 40 million subordinated debt offering during the third quarter of 2024. The weighted average interest rate of FHLB advances was 4.26 percent at September 30, 2024 and 4.21 percent at December 31, 2023. The weighted average maturity of FHLB advances as of September 30, 2024 was 1.20 years. The interest rate of the Company s subordinated debt balances was 8.87 percent at September 30, 2024 and 8.36 percent at December 31, 2023. Stockholders equity increased by 14.1 million, or 4.5 percent, to 328.1 million at September 30, 2024, from 314.1 million at December 31, 2023. The increase was attributable to an increase in additional paid in capital attributable to the issuance of additional shares of preferred stock of 4.7 million during 2024, or 18.8 percent, to 29.8 million at September 30, 2024, and an increase in retained earnings of 5.8 million, or 4.3 percent, to 141.8 million at September 30, 2024 from 135.9 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in preferred stock paid in capital was due to the issuance of 472 shares of its Series J Noncumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock during the nine-month period. 

 29 

Net Interest Income Analysis Net interest income represents the difference between income earned on our interest-earning assets and the expense incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities, and is analyzed and monitored by the Company on a regular basis. The following tables set forth average balance sheets, yields, and costs. The yields include the effect of deferred fees, discounts, and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense. No tax equivalent adjustments have been made as the effects would not be significant. Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Earned/Paid Average Yield/Rate (3) Average Balance Interest Earned/Paid Average Yield/Rate (3) (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans receivable (4) (5) 3,159,574 42,857 5.43 3,330,446 44,133 5.30 Investment securities 96,893 1,297 5.35 96,723 1,262 5.22 FHLB stock and other interest earnings-assets 322,154 4,472 5.55 270,729 3,672 5.43 Total interest-earning assets 3,578,621 48,626 5.44 3,697,898 49,067 5.31 Non-interest-earning assets 124,254 127,780 Total assets 3,702,875 3,825,678 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand accounts 553,506 2,509 1.81 628,804 2,244 1.43 Money market accounts 369,329 3,177 3.44 331,813 2,311 2.79 Savings accounts 258,158 146 0.23 300,484 182 0.24 Certificates of Deposit 1,123,960 13,670 4.86 1,024,900 10,923 4.26 Total interest-bearing deposits 2,304,953 19,502 3.38 2,286,001 15,660 2.74 Borrowed funds 518,385 6,079 4.69 660,773 7,727 4.68 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,823,338 25,581 3.62 2,946,774 23,387 3.17 Non-interest-bearing liabilities 557,754 577,963 Total liabilities 3,381,092 3,524,737 Stockholders' equity 321,783 300,941 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 3,702,875 3,825,678 Net interest income 23,045 25,680 Net interest rate spread (1) 1.82 2.13 Net interest margin (2) 2.58 2.78 
 (1) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the average yield on average interest-earning assets and the average cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. (2) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. (3) Annualized. (4) Excludes allowance for credit losses. (5) Includes non-accrual loans which are immaterial to the yield. 

 30 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance Interest Earned/Paid Average Yield/Rate (3) Average Balance Interest Earned/Paid Average Yield/Rate (3) (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans receivable (4) (5) 3,235,048 130,615 5.38 3,271,018 125,666 5.12 Investment securities 96,136 3,880 5.38 102,143 3,822 4.99 FHLB stock and other interest-earning assets 307,726 12,861 5.57 252,999 9,168 4.83 Total Interest-earning assets 3,638,910 147,356 5.40 3,626,160 138,656 5.10 Non-interest-earning assets 124,401 123,262 Total assets 3,763,311 3,749,422 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand accounts 553,363 7,018 1.69 684,691 6,242 1.22 Money market accounts 369,542 9,274 3.35 325,923 5,657 2.31 Savings accounts 267,900 464 0.23 311,733 443 0.19 Certificates of Deposit 1,188,454 43,224 4.85 926,684 25,849 3.72 Total interest-bearing deposits 2,379,259 59,980 3.36 2,249,031 38,191 2.26 Borrowed funds 513,193 17,549 4.56 585,028 20,324 4.63 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,892,452 77,529 3.57 2,834,059 58,515 2.75 Non-interest-bearing liabilities 551,919 618,037 Total liabilities 3,444,371 3,452,096 Stockholders' equity 318,940 297,326 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 3,763,311 3,749,422 Net interest income 69,827 80,141 Net interest rate spread (1) 1.83 2.35 Net interest margin (2) 2.56 2.95 
 (1) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the average yield on average interest-earning assets and the average cost of average interest-bearing liabilities. (2) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. (3) Annualized. (4) Excludes allowance for credit losses. (5) Includes non-accrual loans which are immaterial to the yield. Results of Operations Comparison for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Net income was 6.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and 6.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The third quarter of 2024 benefited from higher non-interest income of 1.7 million and lower non-interest expense of 1.5 million, compared to the third quarter of 2023. This was offset by net interest income that was lower by 2.6 million relative to the third quarter of 2023, driven by higher interest expense and lower interest income. Net interest income decreased by 2.6 million, or 10.3 percent, to 23.0 million for the third quarter of 2024, from 25.7 million for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in net interest income resulted from higher interest expense and lower interest income. Interest income decreased by 441 thousand, or 0.9 percent, to 48.6 million for the third quarter of 2024 from 49.1 million for the third quarter of 2023. The average balance of interest-earning assets decreased 119.3 million, or 3.2 percent, to 3.579 billion for the third quarter of 2024 from 3.698 billion for the third quarter of 2023, while the average yield increased 13 basis points to 5.44 percent for the third quarter of 2024 from 5.31 percent for the third quarter of 2023. Interest expense increased by 2.2 million to 25.6 million for the third quarter of 2024 from 23.4 million for the third quarter of 2023. The increase resulted from an increase in the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities of 45 basis points to 3.62 percent for the third quarter of 2024 from 3.17 percent for the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by a decrease in interest-bearing liabilities of 123.4 million to 2.823 billion for the third quarter of 2024 from 2.947 billion for the third quarter of 2023. The net interest margin was 2.58 percent for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.78 percent for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in the net interest margin compared to the third quarter of 2023 was the result of the increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities partially offset by the increase in the yield on interest-earning assets. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company recognized 3.4 million in net charge-offs compared to 496 thousand in net charge offs for the third quarter of 2023. The Bank had non-accrual loans totaling 35.3 million, or 1.11 percent of gross loans, at September 30, 2024 as compared to 18.8 million, or 0.57 percent of gross loans, at December 31, 2023. The allowance for credit losses on loans was 34.7 million, or 1.11 percent of gross loans, at September 30, 2024, and 33.6 million, or 1.01 percent of gross loans, at December 31, 2023. The provision for credit losses was 2.9 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.2 million for the third quarter of 2023. Management believes that the allowance for credit losses on loans was adequate at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Non-interest income increased by 1.7 million to 3.1 million for the third quarter of 2024 from 1.4 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase in total non-interest income was mainly related to gains on equity investments of 1.1 million in the current quarter compared to losses of 494 thousand in the third quarter of 2023. Non-interest expense decreased by 1.5 million, or 9.9 percent, to 13.9 million for the third quarter of 2024 from 15.5 million for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in these expenses for the third quarter of 2024 was driven by lower regulatory assessment fees of 445 thousand, salaries and employee benefits expense, which declined 385 thousand, and advertising and promotion costs, which declined by 135 thousand. The income tax provision decreased by 22 thousand, or 0.8 percent, to 2.7 million for the third quarter of 2024. The provision was 2.7 million for the third quarter of 2023. The consolidated effective tax rate was 28.7 percent for both the third quarter of 2024 and for the third quarter of 2023. 

 31 

Results of Operations Comparison for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Net income decreased by 8.1 million, or 34.5 percent, to 15.4 million for the first nine months of 2024 from 23.4 million for the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in net income was driven, primarily, by lower net interest income of 10.3 million, or 12.9 percent. Net interest income decreased by 10.3 million, or 12.9 percent, to 69.8 million for the first nine months of 2024 from 80.1 million for the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in net interest income resulted from an increase in interest expense of 19.0 million, partly offset by an increase in interest income of 8.7 million. Interest income increased by 8.7 million, or 6.3 percent, to 147.4 million for the first nine months of 2024, from 138.7 million for the first nine months of 2023. The average balance of interest-earning assets increased 12.7 million, or 0.4 percent, to 3.639 billion for the first nine months of 2024, from 3.626 billion for the first nine months of 2023, while the average yield increased 30 basis points to 5.40 percent from 5.10 percent for the same comparable period. The increase in average cash balances mainly related to the increase in the Company s level of average interest-bearing bank balances, partially offset by a decline in loan receivables and investments for the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023. Interest expense increased by 19.0 million, or 32.5 percent, to 77.5 million for 2024, from 58.5 million for 2023. This increase resulted primarily from an increase in the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities of 82 basis points to 3.57 percent for the first nine months of 2024, from 2.75 percent for the first nine months of 2023, and an increase in the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities of 58.4 million, or 2.1 percent, to 2.892 billion from 2.834 billion over the same period. The increase in the average cost of funds primarily resulted from the higher interest rate environment in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. Net interest margin was 2.56 percent for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 2.95 percent for the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in the net interest margin compared to the prior period was the result of an increase in the cost of the Bank s interest-bearing liabilities. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company experienced 6.3 million in net charge offs compared to 471 thousand in net recoveries for the same period in 2023. The provision for credit losses was 7.4 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 4.2 million for the same period in 2023. Non-interest income increased by 1.1 million to 2.0 million for the first nine months of 2024 from 860 thousand for the first nine months of 2023. Realized and unrealized gains on equity securities and income on Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) increased 5.4 million and 844 thousand, respectively. Offsetting this were losses on the sale of loans of 4.8 million. The realized and unrealized gains or losses on equity investments are based on prevailing market conditions. Non-interest expense decreased by 1.3 million, or 2.9 percent, to 42.8 million for the first nine months of 2024 from 44.0 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease in operating expenses for 2024 was driven primarily by decreases in salaries and employee benefits of 1.7 million. This was partially offset by regulatory assessment costs being 318 thousand greater in 2024. The income tax provision decreased by 3.1 million, or 32.7 percent to 6.3 million for the first nine months of 2024 from 9.4 million for the same period in 2023. The consolidated effective tax rate was 29.1 percent for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 28.6 percent for the first nine months of 2023. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity The overall objective of our liquidity management practices is to ensure the availability of sufficient funds to meet financial commitments and to take advantage of lending and investment opportunities. The Company manages liquidity in order to meet deposit withdrawals on demand or at contractual maturity, to repay borrowings and other obligations as they mature, and to fund loan and investment portfolio opportunities as they arise. The Company s primary sources of funds to satisfy its objectives are net growth in deposits (primarily retail), principal and interest payments on loans and investment securities , proceeds from the sale of originated loans and FHLB and other borrowings. The scheduled amortization of loans is a predictable source of funds. Deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. The Company has other sources of liquidity if a need for additional funds arises, including unsecured overnight lines of credit and other collateralized borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window, the FHLB and other correspondent banks. Our Asset / Liability Management Committee is responsible for establishing and monitoring our liquidity targets and strategies in order to ensure that sufficient liquidity exists for meeting the borrowing needs of our customers as well as unanticipated contingencies. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no overnight borrowings outstanding with the FHLB. The Company utilizes overnight borrowings from time to time to fund short-term liquidity needs. The Company had total outstanding borrowings of 533.5 million at September 30, 2024 as compared to 510.4 million at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the Company had the ability to obtain additional funding of 189.2 million from the FHLB and 405.9 million from the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window, utilizing unencumbered loan collateral. The Company expects to have sufficient funds available to meet current loan commitments in the normal course of business through typical sources of liquidity. Time deposits scheduled to mature in one year or less totaled 1.023 billion at September 30, 2024. Based upon historical experience data, management estimates that a significant portion of such deposits will remain with the Company. The Company was well-positioned with adequate levels of cash and liquid assets as of September 30, 2024 and a significant amount of available borrowing capacity with FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window. Subordinated Debentures The Company has subordinated debentures outstanding, whose aggregate principal totaled 64.1 million at September 30, 2024. The subordinated debentures are comprised of both the Old Notes and the New Notes. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on the outstanding subordinated debentures. The Company also has 4.1 million of mandatory redeemable Trust Preferred securities outstanding. Effective September 18, 2023, the interest rate on these floating rate junior subordinated debentures adjusts quarterly based on the three-month CME Term SOFR, as adjusted by the spread adjustment of 0.26161 percent, plus 2.650 . Prior to September 18, 2023 the rate was based on the three-month LIBOR. The rate paid as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 7.853 and 8.320 , respectively. The trust preferred debenture became callable, at the Company s option, on June 17, 2009, and quarterly thereafter. 

 32 

Capital Resources The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of its assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Our capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk-weightings and other factors. The Bank has opted into the community bank leverage ratio (tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets) CBLR framework, with a minimum requirement of 9 for institutions under 10 billion in assets. Such institutions meeting that requirement may elect to utilize the CBLR in lieu of the general applicable risk-based capital requirements under Basel III. Such institutions that meet the CBLR and certain other qualifying criteria will automatically be deemed to be well-capitalized. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank exceeded all of its regulatory capital requirements. The following table sets forth the regulatory capital ratios for the Bank as well as regulatory capital requirements for the periods presented. Actual For Capital Adequacy Purposes For Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Dollars in Thousands As of September 30, 2024: Bank Community Bank Leverage Ratio 364,310 9.84 296,286 8.00 333,321 9.00 As of December 31, 2023: Bank Community Bank Leverage Ratio 350,749 9.09 308,608 8.00 347,184 9.00 
 The following table sets forth the regulatory capital ratios for the Company as well as the regulatory requirements for September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Actual For Capital Adequacy Purposes For Well Capitalized Under Federal Reserve Board Regulations Dollars in Thousands As of September 30, 2024: Bancorp Total Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 419,466 13.14 255,383 8.00 319,228 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 331,495 10.38 191,616 6.00 191,616 6.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 297,608 9.32 143,695 4.50 - - Tier 1 Capital (to adjust total assets) 331,495 8.95 148,154 4.00 - - As of December 31, 2023: Bancorp Total Capital (To Risk-Weighted Assets) 379,562 11.14 272,564 8.00 340,705 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 319,154 9.37 204,422 6.00 204,422 6.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 289,987 8.51 153,317 4.50 - - Tier 1 Capital (to adjusted total assets) 319,154 8.27 154,315 4.00 - - 
 For the Company to be well capitalized under Federal Reserve definitions for bank holding companies, the Company is only required to have a Tier 1 Capital to Risk Weighted Assets ratio of at least 6.00 and a Total Capital to Risk Weighted Assets ratio of at least 10.00 . 

 33 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Management of Market Risk Market risk is a broad term for the risk of economic loss due to adverse changes in the fair value of a financial instrument. These changes may be the result of various factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange prices, commodity prices, or equity prices. Financial instruments that are subject to market risk can be classified either as held for trading or held for purposes other than trading. Qualitative Analysis. The majority of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. Consequently, one of our most significant forms of market risk is interest rate risk. Our assets, consisting primarily of mortgage loans, have longer maturities than our liabilities, consisting primarily of deposits. As a result, a principal part of our business strategy is to manage interest rate risk and reduce the exposure of our net interest income to changes in market interest rates. Accordingly, our Board of Directors has established an Asset/Liability Committee which is responsible for evaluating the interest rate risk inherent in our assets and liabilities, for determining the level of risk that is appropriate given our business strategy, operating environment, capital, liquidity and performance objectives, and for managing this risk consistent with the guidelines approved by the Board of Directors. Senior management monitors the level of interest rate risk on a regular basis and the Asset/Liability Committee, which consists of senior management and outside directors operating under a policy adopted by the Board of Directors, meets as needed to review our asset/liability policies and interest rate risk position. Quantitative Analysis. The following table presents the Company s net portfolio value NPV ). These calculations were based upon assumptions believed to be fundamentally sound, although they may vary from assumptions utilized by other financial institutions. The information set forth below is based on data that included all financial instruments as of September 30, 2024. Assumptions have been made by the Company relating to interest rates, loan prepayment rates, core deposit duration, and the market values of certain assets and liabilities under the various interest rate scenarios. Actual maturity dates were used for fixed rate loans and certificate accounts. Investment securities were scheduled at either the maturity date or the next scheduled call date based upon management s judgment of whether the particular security would be called in the current interest rate environment and under assumed interest rate scenarios. Variable rate loans were scheduled as of their next scheduled interest rate repricing date. The NPV at PAR represents the difference between the Company s estimated value of assets and estimated value of liabilities assuming no change in interest rates. The NPV for an increase of 200 to 300 basis points has been excluded since it would not be meaningful in the interest rate environment as of September 30, 2024. The following sets forth the Company s NPV as of September 30, 2024. NPV as a of Assets Change in calculation Net Portfolio Value Change from PAR Change from PAR NPV Ratio Change (Dollars in Thousands) +100bp 325,463 (31,957) (8.94) 9.47 (0.71) PAR 357,420 - 0.00 10.18 0.00 -100bp 372,609 15,189 4.25 10.43 0.25 -200bp 381,714 24,294 6.80 10.50 0.32 -300bp 396,245 38,826 10.86 10.68 0.49 
 ____________ bps-basis point The table above indicates that at September 30, 2024, in the event of a 100-basis point decrease in interest rates, we would experience an 0.25 percent increase in NPV, as compared to a 0.66 percent increase at December 31, 2023. Certain shortcomings are inherent in the methodology used in the above interest rate risk measurement. Modeling changes in NPV require making certain assumptions that may or may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. In this regard, the NPV table presented assumes that the composition of our interest-sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remains constant over the period being measured and assumes that a particular change in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve regardless of the duration or repricing of specific assets and liabilities. Accordingly, although the NPV table provides an indication of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such measurements are not intended to and do not provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on our net interest income, and will differ from actual results. ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. There was no change to our internal controls over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 34 

PART II. OTHER IN FORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PR OCEEDINGS We are involved, from time to time, as plaintiff or defendant in various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings the outcome of which, if determined in a manner adverse to the Company, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. ITEM 1.A. RISK FA CTORS There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth under the Part I, Item 1.A. Risk Factors as set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. ITEM 2. UNREGISTER ED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES Not applicable. ITEM 4. MINE SAFTEY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. I TEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable. 

 35 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit 4.1 Indenture, dated August 28, 2024, between BCB Bancorp, Inc. and UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2024.) Exhibit 4.2 Form of 9.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2034 of the Registrant (included in Exhibit 4.1) Exhibit 10.1 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2024.) Exhibit 10.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2024.) Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Exhibit 32 Officers Certification filed pursuant to se ction 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation LinkBase Exhibit 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition LinkBase Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label LinkBase Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation LinkBase Exhibit 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

36 

Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. BCB BANCORP, INC. Date: November 1, 2024 By: /s/ Michael A. Shriner 
 Michael A. Shriner President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 1, 2024 By: /s/ Jawad Chaudhry 
 Jawad Chaudhry Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bcbp-20240930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Michael A. Shriner , certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BCB Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and; 

d) 

disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1 , 202 4 

/s/ Michael A. Shriner 

Michael A. Shriner 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 bcbp-20240930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Principal Accounting Officer 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Jawad Chaudhry , certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BCB Bancorp, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) 

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and; 

d) 

disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1 , 202 4 

/s/ Jawad Chaudhry 

Jawad Chaudhry 
					 
						 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 bcbp-20240930xex32.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit 32

Exhibit 32 

Certification pursuant to 

18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 

as adopted pursuant to 

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Michael A. Shriner , President and Chief Executive Officer and Jawad Chaudhry, Chief Financial Officer of BCB Bancorp, Inc. (the Company each certify in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed the quarterly report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 3 0 , 202 4 and that to the best of his /her knowledge: 

(1) 

the report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 

the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

The purpose of this statement is solely to comply with Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, as amended by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Date: November 1 , 202 4 

/s/ Michael A. Shriner 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 1 , 202 4 

/s/ Jawad Chaudhry 

C hief Financial Officer 
					 
						 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bcbp-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bcbp-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bcbp-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bcbp-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bcbp-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

