<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1662972_0001662972-24-000155.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20907207</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231595</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3370783</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10020446</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3442084</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3281902</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001662972-24-000155.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108162611
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001662972-24-000155
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001662972
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				810696966
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55931
		FILM NUMBER:		241441005

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-583-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		345 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10154

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Royal Blue Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001662972-24-000155.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 breit-20240930.htm
 10-Q

breit-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 8, 2024, the registrant had the following shares outstanding (in thousands): shares of Class S common stock, shares of Class I common stock, shares of Class T common stock, shares of Class D common stock, shares of Class C common stock, and shares of Class F common stock. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 44 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 82 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 83 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 84 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 84 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 84 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 85 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 86 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 86 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 87 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 88 
 SIGNATURES 
 90 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Investments in real estate, net Investments in unconsolidated entities (includes and at fair value 
 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Investments in real estate debt Real estate loans held by consolidated securitization vehicles, at fair value Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Mortgage loans, secured term loans, and secured revolving credit facilities, net Secured financings of investments in real estate debt Senior obligations of consolidated securitization vehicles, at fair value Unsecured revolving credit facilities and term loans Due to affiliated entities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Redeemable non-controlling interests Equity Common stock Class S shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock Class I shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock Class T shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock Class D shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock Class C shares, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit and cumulative distributions ) ) Total stockholders equity Non-controlling interests attributable to third party joint ventures Non-controlling interests attributable to BREIT OP unitholders Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Rental revenue Hospitality revenue Other revenue Total revenues Expenses Rental property operating Hospitality operating General and administrative Management fee Impairment of investments in real estate Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Other income (expense) (Loss) income from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Income from investments in real estate debt Change in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles (Loss) income from interest rate derivatives ) ) Net gain on dispositions of real estate Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) ) Other expense ) ) ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures ) Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests in BREIT OP unitholders ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to BREIT stockholders ) ) Net (loss) income per share of common stock basic and diluted Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding, basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2 

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation gain (loss), net ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivatives ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on derivatives from unconsolidated entities ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests in BREIT OP unitholders ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to BREIT stockholders ) ) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Par Value Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Non- controlling Interests Attributable to Third Party Joint Ventures Non- controlling Interests Attributable to BREIT OP Unitholders Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class T Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class C Additional Paid-in Capital Total Stockholders Equity Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Common stock issued (transferred) ) Reduction in accrual for offering costs, net Distribution reinvestment Common stock/units repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of compensation awards Net loss of net loss allocated to redeemable non controlling interests) 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss of other comprehensive loss allocated to redeemable non controlling interests) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Distributions declared on common stock and OP units 
 gross per share/unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Operating distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Capital distributions to and redemptions of non-controlling interests ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 Par Value Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Non- controlling Interests Attributable to Third Party Joint Ventures Non- controlling Interests Attributable to BREIT OP Unitholders Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class T Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class C Additional Paid-in Capital Total Stockholders Equity Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Common stock issued (transferred) ) Reduction in accrual for offering costs, net Distribution reinvestment Common stock/units repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of compensation awards Net income of net loss allocated to redeemable non controlling interests) 
 ) Other comprehensive income of other comprehensive income allocated to redeemable non controlling interests) 
 Distributions declared on common stock 
 gross per share) 
 ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions to and redemptions of non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Par Value Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Non- controlling Interests Attributable to Third Party Joint Ventures Non- controlling Interests Attributable to BREIT OP Unitholders Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class T Common Stock Class D Common Stock Class C Additional Paid-in Capital Total Stockholders' Equity Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Common stock issued (transferred) ) Reduction in accrual for offering costs, net Distribution reinvestment Common stock/units repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of compensation awards Net loss of net loss allocated to redeemable non controlling interests) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss of other comprehensive loss allocated to redeemable non controlling interests) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Distributions declared on common stock 
 and OP Units gross per share/unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Operating distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Capital distributions to and redemptions of non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Par Value Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Non- controlling Interests Attributable to Third Party Joint Ventures Non- controlling Interests Attributable to BREIT OP Unitholders Common Stock Class S Common Stock Class I Common Stock Class T Common Stock Class D Common 
 Stock 
 Class C 
 Additional Paid-in Capital Total Stockholders' Equity Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Common stock issued (transferred) ) ) Reduction in accrual for offering costs, net Distribution reinvestment Common stock/units repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of compensation awards Net income of net loss allocated to redeemable non-controlling interests) 
 ) Other comprehensive income of other comprehensive income allocated to redeemable non-controlling interests) 
 Distributions declared on common stock 
 gross per share) 
 ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests ) ) Distributions to and redemptions of non-controlling interests ) ) ) ) ) Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interests ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Management fee Impairment of investments in real estate Depreciation and amortization Net gain on dispositions of real estate ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Unrealized loss (gain) on fair value of financial instruments ) Loss (income) from unconsolidated entities ) Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated entities Other items ) Change in assets and liabilities: Increase in other assets ) ) Increase in due to affiliated entities Increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of real estate ) Capital improvements to real estate ) ) Proceeds from disposition of real estate Investment in unconsolidated entities ) ) Dispositions of and return of capital from unconsolidated entities Purchase of investments in real estate debt ) ) Proceeds from sale/repayment of investments in real estate debt Proceeds from repayments of real estate loans held by consolidated securitization vehicles Collateral (posted) released under derivative contracts ) Other investing activities ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings under mortgage loans, secured term loans, and secured revolving credit facilities Repayments of mortgage loans, secured term loans, and secured revolving credit facilities ) ) Borrowings under secured financings of investments in real estate debt Repayments of secured financings of investments in real estate debt ) ) Borrowings under unsecured revolving credit facilities and term loans Repayments of unsecured revolving credit facilities and term loans ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Sales of senior obligations of consolidated securitization vehicles Repayments of senior obligations of consolidated securitization vehicles ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Subscriptions received in advance Offering costs paid ) ) Distributions ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Contributions from redeemable non-controlling interest Distributions to and redemption of redeemable non-controlling interest ) ) Redemption of affiliated service provider incentive compensation awards ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to and redemptions of non-controlling interests ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 
 Effects of foreign currency translation on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to the condensed consolidated balance sheets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 6 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: Issuance of Class I shares for settlement of joint venture promote liability Issuance of BREIT OP units for settlement of joint venture promote liability Accrued capital expenditures and acquisition related costs Change in accrued stockholder servicing fee due to affiliate ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interest issued as settlement of performance participation allocation Issuance of Class B units and Class I shares for payment of management fees Exchange of redeemable non-controlling interest for Class I or Class C shares Exchange of redeemable non-controlling interest for Class I or Class B units Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interest Distribution reinvestment Accrued repurchases Conversion of equity securities to investments in unconsolidated entities Collateral used in repayment of mortgage payable Preferred interest investment retained upon disposition of real estate 
 Receivable for proceeds from disposition of real estate Net increase in additional paid-in capital resulting from purchases of non-controlling interest Receipt of interest rate derivative assets in exchange for interest rate contract receivables Insurance receivable for involuntary conversion Deconsolidation of securitization vehicles Increases (decreases) in assets and liabilities resulting from change in control transactions: Investments in real estate, net Other assets ) Mortgage loans, net ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Non-controlling interests attributable to third party joint ventures ) ) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 billion in shares of common stock, consisting of up to billion in shares in its primary offering and up to billion in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan, which the Company began using to offer shares of its common stock in March 2022 (the Current Offering ). The Company intends to sell any combination of its Class S, I, T and D shares of its common stock, with a dollar value up to the maximum aggregate amount of the Current Offering. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and ongoing stockholder servicing fees. In addition to the Current Offering, the Company is conducting private offerings of Class I and Class C shares to certain feeder or other vehicles created to hold the Company s shares and other assets, which in turn will sell interests in itself to other investors, including non-U.S. persons, and to other persons, as described in the Company s prospectus. In addition, the Company may conduct one or more private offerings of Class F shares to certain feeder or other vehicles created to hold the Company s shares and other assets, which in turn will sell interests in itself to other investors, and to other persons, as described in the Company s prospectus. Any such private offering will be exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder. The Company intends to continue selling shares on a monthly basis. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had received aggregate net proceeds of billion from selling shares of the Company s common stock through the Current Offering, prior offerings registered with the SEC, and in unregistered private offerings. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company owned, in whole or in part, properties and single family rental homes. The Company currently operates in reportable segments: Rental Housing, Industrial, Net Lease, Data Centers, Hospitality, Self Storage, Retail, and Office properties, and Investments in Real Estate Debt. Rental Housing includes multifamily and other types of rental housing such as student, affordable, manufactured and single family rental housing, as well as senior living. Net Lease includes the real estate assets of The Bellagio Las Vegas (the Bellagio and The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas (the Cosmopolitan ). Financial results by segment are reported in Note 16 Segment Reporting. 
 
 2. 
 
 8 

As of September 30, 2024, the total assets and liabilities of the Company s consolidated VIEs, excluding BREIT OP, were billion and billion, respectively, compared to billion and billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. Such amounts are included on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 9 

10 

Real estate loans held by consolidated securitization vehicles, at fair value Equity securities (2) 
 Investments in unconsolidated entities Interest rate and foreign currency hedging derivatives (2) 
 Total Liabilities: Senior obligations of consolidated securitization vehicles, at fair value Interest rate and foreign currency hedging derivatives (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Excludes million of investments measured at fair value using NAV as a practical expedient that are not classified in the fair value hierarchy, as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Included in Other Assets in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Included in Other Liabilities in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Purchases and contributions Sales and repayments ) ) Distributions received ) ) Included in net income (loss) 
 Gain from unconsolidated entities measured at fair value 
 Realized loss 
 ) ) Unrealized gain 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 11 

Yield method 
 Market yield 
 Decrease Investments in unconsolidated entities Discounted cash flow Weighted average cost of capital 
 Decrease Exit capitalization rate 
 Decrease 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Valuation Technique Unobservable Inputs Weighted Average Rate Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input Assets Investments in real estate loans Yield method 
 Market yield 
 Decrease Investments in unconsolidated entities Discounted cash flow 
 Weighted average cost of capital 
 Decrease Exit capitalization rate 
 Decrease 
 Valuation of assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 Certain of the Company s assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments, such as when there is evidence of impairment, and therefore measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The Company reviews its real estate properties for impairment each quarter or when there is an event or change in circumstances that could indicate the carrying amount of the real estate value may not be recoverable. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an aggregate million of impairment charges related to affordable housing property, student housing property, and various single family rental homes. The impairments reduced the GAAP carrying amount of such investments to their fair value, and were the result of updates to the undiscounted cash flow assumptions to account for a shorter hold period, as the Company is considering a potential disposition of these investments. The cumulative fair value of such real estate investments at the time of impairment was million, and was estimated utilizing a discounted cash flow method. The significant unobservable inputs utilized in the analysis were the discount rate (Level 3), which ranged from to , and the exit capitalization rate (Level 3), which ranged from to . 
 Additionally, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an aggregate million of impairment charges related to certain held-for-sale real estate investments where their GAAP carrying amount exceeded their fair value, less estimated closing costs. The fair value, less estimated costs to sell, of such real estate investments at the time of impairment was million. The significant unobservable input utilized in the analysis was the purchase price, which is considered a Level 2 input. Refer to Note 3 for additional details of the impairments. 
 Valuation of liabilities not measured at fair value 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s mortgage loans, secured term loans, secured revolving credit facilities, secured financings on investments in real estate debt, and unsecured revolving credit facilities was billion and billion, respectively, below carrying value. Fair value of the Company s indebtedness is estimated by modeling the cash flows required by the Company s debt agreements and discounting them back to the present value using its equity discount rate. Additionally, current market rates and conditions are considered by evaluating similar borrowing agreements with comparable loan-to-value ratios and credit profiles. The Company utilizes third party service providers to perform these valuations. The inputs used in determining the fair value of the Company s indebtedness are considered Level 3. 
 12 

. The vesting conditions that are based on the Company achieving certain returns, or other key performance metrics, over a stated hurdle amount are considered market conditions. The achievement of returns, or other key performance metrics, over the stated hurdle amounts, which affect the quantity of awards that vest, is considered a performance condition. If the Company determines it is probable that the performance conditions will be met, the value of the award will be amortized over the service periods, as adjusted for forfeitures. If the Company determines it is not probable that the performance conditions will be met, the value of the award is considered zero and any previous amortization will be reversed. The number of awards expected to vest is evaluated each reporting period and compensation expense is recognized for those awards for which achievement of the performance criteria is considered probable. 
 Refer to Note 10 for additional information on the awards issued to certain employees of portfolio companies owned by Blackstone-advised investment vehicles. 
 ) years 2023 ) years 2024 ) years Total ) 

13 

3. 
 Land and land improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Right of use asset - operating leases (1) 
 Right of use asset - financing leases (1) 
 Total Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Investments in real estate, net 
 (1) Refer to Note 15 for additional details on the Company s leases. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 There were no acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Dispositions 
 Industrial properties Retail properties Hospitality properties Total 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Segments Number of Properties Net Proceeds Net Gain (Loss) (1) 
 Number of Properties Net Proceeds Net Gain (Loss) (1) 
 Self Storage properties 
 Rental Housing properties (2) 
 Hospitality properties Industrial properties Retail properties Office properties ) ) Total 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net gain includes gains of billion and losses of million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net gain includes gains of billion and losses of million. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, net gain (loss) includes gains of million and losses of million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net gain (loss) includes gains of billion and losses of million. 
 (2) The number of properties excludes single family rental homes sold. 
 (3) For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, net proceeds includes a million preferred interest investment retained upon the sale of student housing properties. 
 
 14 

properties in the industrial segment, properties in the rental housing segment, property in the hospitality segment, property in the self storage segment, property in the retail segment and various single family rental homes were classified as held-for-sale. The held-for-sale assets and related liabilities are included as components of Other Assets and Other Liabilities, respectively, on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Mortgage loans, net Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 Impairment 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an aggregate million of impairment charges including (i) million related to affordable housing property, student housing property, and various single family rental homes as a result of updates to the undiscounted cash flow assumptions to account for a shorter hold period, and (ii) million related to certain held-for-sale real estate investments where their GAAP carrying amount exceeded their fair value, less estimated closing costs. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized an aggregate million of impairment charges including (i) million related to student housing properties, affordable housing properties, industrial property, and various single family rental homes as a result of updates to the undiscounted cash flow assumptions to account for a shorter hold period, and (ii) million related to certain held-for-sale real estate investments where their GAAP carrying amount exceeded their fair value, less estimated closing costs. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized an aggregate million of impairment charges related predominantly to affordable housing properties, and to a lesser extent, single family rental homes as a result of updates to the undiscounted cash flow assumptions to account for a shorter hold period. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized an aggregate million of impairment charges including (i) million related to office property, affordable housing properties, and to a lesser extent, single family rental homes as a result of updates to the undiscounted cash flow assumptions to account for a shorter hold period, and (ii) million related to certain held-for-sale real estate investments where their GAAP carrying amount exceeded their fair value, less estimated closing costs. 
 15 

4. 
 Rental Housing investments (2) 
 Rental Housing - 
 Hospitality investment Hospitality Industrial investments (3) 
 Industrial - 
 Retail investments Retail Total unconsolidated entities carried at historical cost Unconsolidated entities carried at fair value: Industrial investments (4) 
 Industrial - 
 Office investment 
 Office Rental Housing investment (5) 
 Rental Housing Total unconsolidated entities carried at 
 fair value 
 Total 
 
 (1) The Company along with certain Blackstone-advised investment vehicles formed a joint venture QTS Data Centers and acquired all outstanding shares of common stock of QTS Realty Trust QTS ). 
 (2) Includes single family rental homes that are not included in the number of properties. 
 (3) Includes million from investments in joint ventures formed by the Company and certain Blackstone-advised investment vehicles. 
 (4) Includes billion from investments in joint ventures formed by the Company and certain Blackstone-advised investment vehicles. 
 (5) On May 1, 2024, the Company alongside another Blackstone-advised investment vehicle formed a joint venture that acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Tricon Residential Inc. Tricon for a total equity transaction value of billion. As part of the transaction, the Company converted its prior investment in common and preferred stock of Tricon to an interest in the newly formed joint venture, which is recorded under investments in unconsolidated entities. As of September 30, 2024, the number of properties excludes single family rental homes. 

16 

Rental Housing investments (2) 
 Rental Housing - 
 Hospitality investment Hospitality Industrial investments (3) 
 Industrial - 
 Retail investments Retail Total unconsolidated entities carried at historical cost Unconsolidated entities at carried at fair value: Industrial investments (4) 
 Industrial - 
 Data Center investments (5) 
 Data Centers N/A Office investment 
 Office Total unconsolidated entities carried at 
 fair value 
 Total 
 (1) The Company along with certain Blackstone-advised investment vehicles formed a joint venture QTS Data Centers and acquired all outstanding shares of common stock of QTS Realty Trust QTS ). 
 (2) Includes wholly owned single family rental homes, that are not included in the number of properties. 
 (3) Includes million from investments in joint ventures formed by the Company and certain Blackstone-advised investment vehicles. 
 (4) Includes billion from investments in joint ventures formed by the Company and certain Blackstone-advised investment vehicles. 
 (5) Includes million from investments in a digital towers joint venture formed by the Company and certain Blackstone-advised investment vehicles. 
 
 The following table details the Company s income from unconsolidated entities in thousands): For the Three Months Ended September 30, BREIT (Loss) Income from Unconsolidated Entities Segment 2024 2023 Unconsolidated entities carried at historical cost: QTS Data Centers Data Centers ) Rental Housing investments Rental Housing ) ) Hospitality investment Hospitality ) ) Industrial investments Industrial ) ) Retail investments Retail ) Total unconsolidated entities carried at historical cost ) ) Unconsolidated entities carried at fair value: Industrial investments 
 Industrial ) Data Center investments 
 Data Centers ) Office investment 
 Office ) Rental Housing investments Rental Housing Total unconsolidated entities carried at fair value ) Total ) ) 
 
 17 

) Rental Housing investments Rental Housing ) ) Hospitality investment Hospitality ) ) Industrial investments Industrial ) ) Retail investments Retail ) MGM Grand Mandalay Bay (1) 
 Net Lease Total unconsolidated entities carried at historical cost 
 ) Unconsolidated entities carried at fair value: 
 Industrial investments (2) 
 Industrial Data Center investments (3) 
 Data Centers ) Office investment 
 Office Rental Housing investments Rental Housing Total unconsolidated entities carried at fair value 
 Total ) 
 (1) On January 9, 2023, the Company sold its interest in MGM Grand Las Vegas and Mandalay Bay Resort for cash consideration of billion, resulting in a gain on sale of million. 
 (2) On May 25, 2023, the Company sold its interest in a logistics business to an affiliate of Blackstone for cash consideration of million, resulting in a realized gain of million. 
 (3) On March 27, 2024, the Company sold its remaining interest in a digital towers joint venture for cash consideration of million, resulting in a realized loss on sale of million, which was primarily driven by transaction costs. 
 18 

5. 
 
 4/1/2032 RMBS 5/31/2058 Corporate bonds 6/6/2028 Total real estate securities 2/21/2033 Commercial real estate loans + 
 5/15/2027 Other investments (5)(6) 
 9/21/2029 Total investments in real estate debt 
 11/2/2031 
 December 31, 2023 Type of Security/Loan (1) 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Coupon (2) 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Maturity Date (3) 
 Face Amount Cost Basis Fair Value CMBS (4) 
 + 
 7/16/2032 RMBS 
 3/11/2060 Corporate bonds 7/9/2031 Total real estate securities 8/28/2033 Commercial real estate loans + 
 10/12/2026 Other investments (5)(6) 
 9/21/2029 Total investments in real estate debt 
 3/26/2032 
 
 (1) This table does not include the Company s Controlling Class Securities in certain CMBS securitizations that have been consolidated on the Company s financial statements. The underlying collateral loans and the senior CMBS positions owned by third parties of such securitizations are presented separately on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 6 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) The symbol + refers to the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ), and Euro Interbank Offer Rate EURIBOR ), as applicable to each security and loan. Fixed rate CMBS and commercial real estate loans are reflected as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates for purposes of the weighted-averages. Weighted Average Coupon for CMBS does not include zero-coupon securities. 
 (3) Weighted average maturity date is based on the fully extended maturity date of the instrument. 
 (4) Face amount excludes interest-only securities with a notional amount of billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (5) Includes interests in unconsolidated joint ventures that hold investments in real estate debt. 
 (6) Weighted average coupon rate and weighted average maturity date exclude the Company's investment in a joint venture with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). 
 19 

Rental Housing (2) 
 Net Lease Hospitality Office Other Diversified Total 
 (1) This table does not include the Company s Controlling Class Securities in certain CMBS securitizations that have been consolidated on the Company s financial statements. The underlying collateral loans and the senior CMBS positions owned by third parties of such securitizations are presented separately on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 6 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) Rental Housing investments in real estate debt are collateralized by various forms of rental housing including apartments and single family rental homes. 
 A BBB BB B CCC and below Private commercial real estate loans Not rated (2) 
 Total 
 (1) This table does not include the Company s Controlling Class Securities in certain CMBS securitizations that have been consolidated on the Company s financial statements. The underlying collateral loans and the senior CMBS positions owned by third parties of such securitizations are presented separately on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 6 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, not rated positions have a weighted-average loan-to-value LTV at origination of , are primarily composed of industrial and rental housing assets, and include interest-only securities with a fair value of million. 
 20 

Unrealized gain Realized loss ) ) ) ) Total Net realized and unrealized (loss) gain on derivatives ) ) Net realized and unrealized (loss) gain on secured financings of investments in real estate debt ) Other expense ) ) ) ) Total income from investments in real estate debt 
 The Company s investments in real estate debt included certain CMBS and loans collateralized by properties owned by other Blackstone-advised investment vehicles. 
 Commercial real estate loans Total 
 The Company acquired such CMBS from third parties on market terms negotiated by the majority third party investors. The Company has forgone all non-economic rights under these CMBS, including voting rights, so long as the Blackstone-advised investment vehicles either own the properties collateralizing the underlying loans, or have an interest in a different part of the capital structure of such CMBS. 
 The Company acquired commercial real estate loans to borrowers that are owned by Blackstone-advised investment vehicles. The Company has forgone all non-economic rights under these loans, including voting rights, so long as the Blackstone-advised investment vehicle controls the borrowers. These loans were negotiated by third parties without the Company s involvement. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s investments in real estate debt also included billion and billion, respectively, of CMBS collateralized, in part, by certain of the Company s mortgage loans. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million of income, respectively, related to such CMBS. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million and million of income, respectively, related to such CMBS. 
 
 21 

6. 
 
 12/20/2025 Senior obligations of consolidated securitization vehicles 12/28/2025 Real estate loans held by consolidated securitization vehicles in excess of senior obligations of consolidated securitization vehicles 
 10/14/2025 
 
 December 31, 2023 Count Principal Value Fair Value Wtd. Avg. Yield/Cost (1) 
 Wtd. Avg. Term (2) 
 Real estate loans held by consolidated securitization vehicles 11/21/2025 Senior obligations of consolidated securitization vehicles 12/09/2025 Real estate loans held by consolidated securitization vehicles in excess of senior obligations of consolidated securitization vehicles 
 6/22/2025 
 
 (1) The weighted-average yield and cost represent the all-in rate, which includes both fixed and floating rates, as applicable to each securitization vehicle. 
 (2) Loan term represents weighted-average final maturity, assuming all extension options are exercised by the borrower. Repayments of senior obligations of consolidated securitization vehicles are tied to timing of the related collateral loan asset repayments. The term of these obligations represents the rated final distribution date of the securitizations. 

22 

7. 
 8/15/2029 N/A Variable rate loans: Variable rate mortgages and secured term loans 11/9/2027 N/A Variable rate warehouse facilities (5) 
 7/30/2025 Variable rate secured revolving credit facilities 
 + 8/19/2027 Total variable rate loans 8/30/2027 Total loans secured by real estate 5/15/2028 (Discount) premium on assumed debt, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Mortgage loans, secured term loans, and secured revolving credit facilities, net 
 (1) + refers to the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include SOFR, Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average CORRA ), and EURIBOR as applicable to each loan. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional balance of billion and interest rate caps with an aggregate notional balance of billion that mitigate its exposure to potential future interest rate increases under its floating-rate debt. Total weighted average interest rate does not include the impact of derivatives. 
 (2) Weighted average maturity assumes maximum maturity date, including any extensions, where the Company, at its sole discretion, has one or more extension options. 
 (3) The majority of the Company s mortgages contain yield or spread maintenance provisions. 
 (4) Includes million and million of loans related to investments in affordable housing properties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Such loans are generally from municipalities, housing authorities, and other third parties administered through government sponsored affordable housing programs. Certain of these loans may be forgiven if specific affordable housing conditions are maintained. 
 (5) Additional borrowings under the Company s variable rate warehouse facilities require additional collateral, which are subject to lender approval. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 The Company repaid certain of its loans in conjunction with the sale or refinancing of the underlying properties and incurred an aggregate realized net loss on extinguishment of debt of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company incurred an aggregate net realized loss on extinguishment of debt of million and million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Such losses primarily resulted from the acceleration of related deferred financing costs, prepayment penalties, and transaction costs. 
 The Company is subject to various financial and operational covenants under certain of its mortgage loans, secured term loans, and secured revolving credit facility agreements. These covenants require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios, which include leverage, debt yield, and debt service coverage, among others. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all of its loan covenants. 
 23 

8. 
 billion and billion, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the secured financings had a weighted average maturity date of October 20, 2025, and a weighted average interest rate of over the relevant floating benchmark rates of the applicable financings, which include SOFR, EURIBOR, and SONIA. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had interest rate swaps outstanding with a notional value of billion and billion, respectively, that effectively convert a portion of its fixed rate investments in real estate debt to floating rates to mitigate its exposure to potential future interest rate increases under its floating-rate debt. Weighted average interest rate does not include the impact of such interest rate swaps or other derivatives. 
 
 9. 
 , and an interest rate of SOFR + . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the maximum capacity of the credit facilities was billion and billion, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate outstanding balance of borrowings under these unsecured credit facilities was billion. As of December 31, 2023, there were such outstanding borrowings. 
 The Company is party to unsecured term loans with multiple banks. The term loans have a weighted average maturity date of January 30, 2026 and an interest rate of SOFR + . As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the aggregate outstanding balance of the unsecured term loans was billion. 
 The Company is party to an unsecured, uncommitted line of credit (the Line of Credit up to a maximum amount of million with an affiliate of Blackstone (the Lender ). The Line of Credit expires on January 24, 2025, and may be extended for up to months, subject to Lender approval. The interest rate is equivalent to the then-current rate offered to the Company by a third party lender, or, if no such rate is available, SOFR + . Each advance under the Line of Credit is repayable on the earliest of (i) the expiration of the Line of Credit, (ii) Lender s demand, and (iii) the date on which the Adviser no longer acts as the Company s external manager, provided that the Company will have 180 days to make such repayment in the cases of clauses (i) and (ii) and 45 days to make such repayment in the case of clause (iii). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the Line of Credit. 
 24 

10. 
 Accrued management fee Accrued service provider expenses Other Total 
 Accrued Stockholder Servicing Fee 
 The Company accrues the full amount of the future stockholder servicing fees payable to Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. (the Dealer Manager ), a registered broker-dealer affiliated with the Adviser, for Class S, Class T, and Class D shares, up to the of gross proceeds limit, at the time such shares are sold. The Dealer Manager has entered into agreements with the selected dealers distributing the Company s shares as part of its continuous public offering, that provide, among other things, for the payment of the full amount of the selling commissions and dealer manager fee, and all or a portion of the stockholder servicing fees received by the Dealer Manager to such selected dealers. 
 Performance Participation Allocation 
 The Special Limited Partner holds a performance participation interest in BREIT OP that entitles it to receive an allocation of BREIT OP s total return. Total return is defined as distributions paid or accrued plus the change in the Company s Net Asset Value NAV ), adjusted for subscriptions and repurchases. Under the BREIT OP agreement, the annual total return will be allocated solely to the Special Limited Partner only after the other unitholders have received a total return of (after recouping any loss carryforward amount) and such allocation will continue until the allocation between the Special Limited Partner and all other BREIT OP unitholders is equal to and , respectively. Thereafter, the Special Limited Partner will receive an allocation of of the annual total return. The allocation of the performance participation interest is ultimately measured on a calendar year basis and will be paid quarterly in certain classes of units of BREIT OP or cash, at the election of the Special Limited Partner. To date, the Special Limited Partner has always elected to be paid in a combination of Class I and Class B units, resulting in a non-cash expense. 
 At the end of each calendar quarter that is not also the end of a calendar year, the Special Limited Partner is entitled to a performance participation allocation as described above calculated in respect of the portion of the year to date, less any performance participation allocation received with respect to prior quarters in that year (the Quarterly Allocation ). The performance participation allocation that the Special Limited Partner is entitled to receive at the end of each calendar year will be reduced by the cumulative amount of Quarterly Allocations that year. If a Quarterly Allocation is made and at the end of a subsequent calendar quarter in the same calendar year the Special Limited Partner is entitled to less than the previously received Quarterly Allocation(s) (a Quarterly Shortfall ), then subsequent distributions of any Quarterly Allocations or year-end performance allocations in that calendar year will be reduced by an amount equal to such Quarterly Shortfall, until such time as no Quarterly Shortfall remains. If all or any portion of a Quarterly Shortfall remains at the end of a calendar year following the application described in the previous sentence, distributions of any Quarterly Allocations and year-end performance allocations in the subsequent four calendar years will be reduced by (i) the remaining Quarterly Shortfall plus (ii) an annual rate of on the remaining Quarterly Shortfall measured from the first day of the calendar year following the year in which the Quarterly Shortfall arose and compounded quarterly (collectively, the Quarterly Shortfall Obligation until such time as no Quarterly Shortfall Obligation remains; provided, that the Special Limited Partner (or its affiliate) may make a full or partial cash payment to reduce the Quarterly Shortfall Obligation at any time; provided, further, that if any Quarterly Shortfall Obligation remains following such subsequent four calendar years, then the Special Limited Partner (or its affiliate) will promptly pay BREIT OP the remaining Quarterly Shortfall Obligation in cash. 
 
 25 

million (the 2022 Quarterly Shortfall ). The 2022 Quarterly Shortfall and the related interest of million was satisfied with the million performance participation accrual for the three months ended March 31, 2024, resulting in a net performance participation allocation payable of million as of March 31, 2024. During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company issued million Class I units of BREIT OP, valued at million, to the Special Limited Partner as partial payment of the net performance participation allocation earned by the Special Limited Partner as of March 31, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s total return did not exceed the year-to-date hurdle amount and the 2023 loss carryforward amount, resulting in a Quarterly Shortfall with respect to the million performance participation allocation recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2024 (the 2024 Shortfall Obligation ). 
 As of September 30, 2024, the 2024 Shortfall Obligation of million, net of million of the performance participation allocation previously earned by the Special Limited Partner but not paid by the Company, is recorded as a receivable from the Special Limited Partner and included as a component of Other Assets on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company s total return did not exceed the hurdle amount and, as a result, no performance participation allocation expense was recognized. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company accrued interest income of million, related to the 2022 Quarterly Shortfall. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did record any such interest income because the 2022 Quarterly Shortfall was no longer outstanding. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company accrued interest income of million and million, respectively, related to the 2022 Quarterly Shortfall. 
 As of November 8, 2024, Blackstone owned shares of the Company and units of BREIT OP valued at an aggregate billion. In addition, Blackstone employees, including the Company s executive officers, owned shares of the Company and units of BREIT OP valued at an aggregate billion. 
 Accrued Management Fee 
 The Adviser is entitled to an annual management fee equal to of the Company s NAV, payable monthly, as compensation for the services it provides to the Company. The management fee can be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash, certain classes of shares of the Company s common stock, or certain classes of BREIT OP units. To date, the Adviser has always elected to be paid the management fee in shares of the Company s common stock and units of BREIT OP, resulting in a non-cash expense. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred management fees of million, and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred management fees of million, and million, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued million units of BREIT OP to the Adviser as payment for management fees. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued million unregistered Class I shares to the Adviser as payment for management fees. The Company also had a payable of million and million related to the management fees as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During October 2024, the Adviser was issued million units of BREIT OP as payment for the management fees accrued as of September 30, 2024. The shares and units issued to the Adviser for payment of the management fee were issued at the applicable NAV per share/unit at the end of each month for which the fee was earned. The Adviser did not submit any repurchase requests for shares previously issued as payment for management fees during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Accrued service provider expenses and incentive compensation awards 
 The Company has engaged certain portfolio companies owned by Blackstone-advised investment vehicles, to provide, as applicable, operational services (including, without limitation, construction and project management), management services, loan management services, corporate support services (including, without limitation, accounting, information technology, legal, tax and human resources) and transaction support services for certain of the Company s properties, and any such arrangements will be at or below market rates. The Company also engaged such portfolio companies for transaction support services related to acquisitions and dispositions, and such costs were either (i) capitalized to Investments in Real Estate or (ii) included as part of the gain (loss) on sale. For further details on the Company s relationships with these service providers, see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 26 

LivCor, LLC Revantage Corporate Services, LLC ShopCore Properties TRS Management LLC BRE Hotels and Resorts LLC EQ Management, LLC Beam Living 
 ) Longview Senior Housing, LLC Service 
 Provider Expenses 
 Amortization of 
 Service Provider 
 Incentive Compensation Awards 
 Capitalized Transaction Support Services Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Link Logistics Real Estate Holdco LLC LivCor, LLC ShopCore Properties TRS Management LLC Revantage Corporate Services, LLC BRE Hotels and Resorts LLC EQ Management, LLC Beam Living 
 ) Longview Senior Housing, LLC 
 The Company issues incentive compensation awards to certain employees of portfolio company service providers. None of Blackstone, the Adviser, or the portfolio company service providers owned by Blackstone-advised investment vehicles receive any incentive compensation from the aforementioned arrangements. 
 ) years 2022 ) years 2023 ) years 2024 ) years ) 
 27 

million and million, respectively, related to general corporate expenses provided by unaffiliated third parties that the Adviser paid on the Company's behalf. Such expenses are reimbursed by the Company to the Adviser in the ordinary course. 
 Affiliate Title Service Provider 
 Blackstone owns Lexington National Land Services LNLS ), a title agent company. LNLS acts as an agent for one or more underwriters in issuing title policies and/or providing support services in connection with investments by the Company, Blackstone and their affiliates and related parties, and third parties. LNLS focuses on transactions in rate-regulated states where the cost of title insurance is non-negotiable. LNLS will not perform services in non-regulated states for the Company, unless (i) in the context of a portfolio transaction that includes properties in rate-regulated states, (ii) as part of a syndicate of title insurance companies where the rate is negotiated by other insurers or their agents, (iii) when a third party is paying all or a material portion of the premium, or (iv) when providing only support services to the underwriter. LNLS earns fees, which would have otherwise been paid to third parties, by providing title agency services and facilitating placement of title insurance with underwriters. Blackstone receives distributions from LNLS in connection with investments by the Company based on its equity interest in LNLS. In each case, there will be no related expense offset to the Company. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid LNLS million and million, respectively, for title services related to certain investments, and such costs were included in calculating net gain on dispositions of real estate on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations or recorded as deferred financing costs, which is a reduction to Mortgage Loans, Secured Term Loans, and Secured Revolving Credit Facilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Captive Insurance Company 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company contributed million of capital to the captive insurance company owned by it and other Blackstone-advised investment vehicles. Of this amount, million was attributable to the fee paid to a Blackstone affiliate to provide oversight and management services of the captive insurance company. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company contributed million of capital to the captive insurance company, which includes a net refund of million received by the Company related to insurance premiums previously paid to the captive insurance company. The net refund was attributable to dispositions of real estate and represented the pro-rata unused period of the annual premiums incurred to insure such dispositions. Included in the million of capital contributed is million attributable to the fee paid to a Blackstone affiliate to provide oversight and management services of the captive insurance company. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company contributed million and million, respectively, of capital to the captive insurance company for insurance premiums and its pro-rata share of other expenses. Of these amounts, million and million, respectively, was attributable to the fee paid to a Blackstone affiliate to provide oversight and management services to the captive insurance company. 
 The capital contributed and fees paid to the captive insurance company are in lieu of insurance premiums and fees that would otherwise be paid to third party insurance companies. 
 Other 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a receivable of million and million, respectively, from certain portfolio companies owned by Blackstone-advised investment vehicles related to the prepayment of certain corporate service fees and incentive compensation awards. Such amount is included in Other Assets on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 28 

11. 
 Intangible assets, net Straight-line rent receivable Receivables, net Held-for-sale assets Single family rental homes risk retention securities Prepaid expenses Deferred leasing costs, net Securities held in trust Due from affiliate (1) 
 Deferred financing costs, net Equity securities (2) 
 Other Total 
 (1) Refer to the Performance Participation Allocation section of Note 10 for additional information. 
 (2) The balance as of December 31, 2023 reflects the Company's investment in common and preferred stock of Tricon, which was converted to an interest in the newly formed joint venture on May 1, 2024 and is recorded under investments in unconsolidated entities. Refer to Note 4 for additional information. 
 Stock repurchases payable Real estate taxes payable Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued interest expense Liabilities related to held-for-sale assets Tenant security deposits Distribution payable Intangible liabilities, net Prepaid rental income Financing of affordable housing development Subscriptions received in advance Right of use lease liability - financing leases Securitized debt obligations, net Interest rate and foreign currency hedging derivatives 
 Other Total 
 29 

12. 
 ) Indefinite life intangibles Above-market lease intangibles ) Other intangibles ) Total intangible assets 
 ) Intangible liabilities Below-market lease intangibles ) Total intangible liabilities 
 ) December 31, 2023 Gross Carrying Amount 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 Total Intangible 
 Assets/Liabilities, net 
 Intangible assets In-place lease intangibles ) Indefinite life intangibles Above-market lease intangibles ) Other intangibles ) Total intangible assets ) Intangible liabilities Below-market lease intangibles ) Total intangible liabilities ) 
 ) 2025 ) 2026 ) 2027 ) 2028 ) 2029 ) Thereafter ) Total 
 ) 
 30 

13. 
 SOFR Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 Interest rate caps property debt 
 SOFR Interest rate swaps property debt 
 SOFR, EURIBOR Interest rate swaps secured financings of investments in real estate debt 
 SOFR Total December 31, 2023 Interest Rate Derivatives 
 Number of Instruments Notional Amount Weighted Average Strike Index Weighted Average Maturity (Years) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 Interest rate swaps property debt 
 SOFR Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 Interest rate caps property debt 
 SOFR Interest rate swaps property debt 
 SOFR, EURIBOR Interest rate swaps secured financings of investments in real estate debt 
 SOFR Total 

31 

Buy USD / Sell GBP Forward Buy EUR / Sell USD Forward Buy GBP / Sell USD Forward 
 Valuation and Financial Statement Impact 
 Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 Interest rate caps - property debt (3) 
 Interest rate swaps property debt 
 Interest rate swaps secured financings of investments in real estate debt 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 Total interest rate and foreign currency hedging derivatives 
 
 (1) Included in Other Assets in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Included in Other Liabilities in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Includes interest rate caps presented on a net basis with an aggregate fair value of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

32 

Interest rate swap property debt 
 Realized gain (1) Interest rate caps property debt Unrealized loss (1) ) ) Interest rate swap secured financings of investments in real estate debt 
 Unrealized (loss) gain 
 (1) 
 ) Foreign currency forward contract Realized (loss) 
 (2) 
 ) ) Foreign currency forward contract Unrealized (loss) gain (2) 
 ) Total ) Included in Other Comprehensive Income Interest rate swap property debt (3) 
 Unrealized (loss) gain ) Total ) Type of Derivative 
 Realized/Unrealized Gain (Loss) Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Included in Net Loss 
 Interest rate swap property debt 
 Unrealized (loss) gain (1) 
 ) Interest rate swap property debt 
 Realized gain (1) Interest rate caps property debt Realized gain 
 (1) 
 Interest rate caps property debt 
 Unrealized loss 
 (1) 
 ) ) Interest rate swaps secured financings of investments in real estate debt 
 Unrealized loss 
 (1) 
 ) ) Foreign currency forward contract Realized loss 
 (2) 
 ) ) Foreign currency forward contract Unrealized gain 
 (2) 
 Total ) Included in Other Comprehensive Income Interest rate swap property debt (3) 
 Unrealized (loss) gain ) Total ) 
 (1) Included in (loss) income from interest rate derivatives in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Included in income from investments in real estate debt in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (3) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, net gain of million and million, respectively, was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into net income. 
 
 Credit-Risk Related Contingent Features 
 The Company has entered into agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain provisions whereby if the Company were to default on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, the Company may also be declared in default under its derivative obligations. In addition, certain of the Company s agreements with its derivative counterparties require the Company to post collateral based on a percentage of derivative notional amounts and/or to secure net liability positions. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in a net liability position and posted collateral of million with of its counterparties as required under the derivative contracts. As of December 31, 2023, the Company was in a net liability position and posted collateral of million with of its counterparties as required under the derivatives contracts. 
 33 

14. 
 shares, consisting of the following: 
 Number of Shares (in thousands) Par Value Per Share Preferred Stock Class S Shares Class I Shares Class T Shares Class D Shares Class C Shares Class F Shares Total 
 Common Stock 
 Common stock issued (2) 
 ) ) Distribution reinvestment Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) Independent directors restricted stock grant (3) 
 September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (1) 
 Class S Class I Class T Class D Class C Total December 31, 2023 Common stock issued (2) 
 ) Distribution reinvestment Common stock repurchased 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Independent directors restricted stock grant (3) 
 September 30, 2024 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, no Class F shares were issued and outstanding. 
 (2) Includes conversion of shares from Class S, Class T and Class D to Class I during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (3) The independent directors restricted stock grant for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 represents million of the annual compensation paid to each of the independent directors. The cost of each grant is amortized over the service period for each grant. 
 Share and Unit Repurchases 
 The Company has adopted a Share Repurchase Plan (the Repurchase Plan ), which is approved and administered by the Company s board of directors, whereby, subject to certain limitations, stockholders may request on a monthly basis that the Company repurchases all or any portion of their shares. The Repurchase Plan will be limited to no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per month (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding month) and no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding three months). For the avoidance of doubt, both of these limits are assessed during each month in a calendar quarter. The Company has in the past received, and may in the future receive, repurchase requests that exceed the limits under the Repurchase Plan, and the Company has in the past repurchased less than the full amount of shares requested, resulting in the repurchase of shares on a pro rata basis. 
 34 

monthly limit and quarterly limit under the Repurchase Plan), or none at all. Further, the Company s board of directors has in the past made exceptions to the limitations in the Repurchase Plan and may in the future, in certain circumstances, make exceptions to such repurchase limitations (or repurchase fewer shares than such repurchase limitations), or modify or suspend the Repurchase Plan if, in its reasonable judgement, it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest and the best interest of its stockholders. In the event that the Company receives repurchase requests in excess of the or limits, then repurchase requests will be satisfied on a pro rata basis after the Company has repurchased all shares for which repurchase has been requested due to death, disability or divorce and other limited exceptions. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the Repurchase Plan, as applicable. 
 The Company fulfilled all repurchase requests for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of common stock and million units of BREIT OP for a total of billion. 
 Distributions 
 
 The Company considers a variety of factors when determining its distributions, including cash flows from operations, Funds Available for Distribution, net asset value, and total return, and in any case, generally intends to distribute substantially all of its taxable income to its stockholders each year to comply with the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Taxable income does not equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP . 
 Each class of common stock receives the same gross distribution per share. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable stockholder servicing fee, which is deducted from the monthly distribution per share and paid directly to the applicable distributor. Class C shares currently have distribution amount presented as the class is generally an accumulating share class whereby its share of income will accrete into its NAV. 
 Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock ) ) ) Net distributions declared per share of common stock Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class S Class I Class T Class D Aggregate gross distributions declared per share of common stock Stockholder servicing fee per share of common stock ) ) ) Net distributions declared per share of common stock 
 distribution amount presented as the class is generally an accumulating share class whereby its share of income will accrete into its NAV. 
 Redeemable Non-controlling Interest 
 In connection with its performance participation interest, the Special Limited Partner holds Class I units in BREIT OP. See Note 10 for further details of the Special Limited Partner s performance participation interest. Because the Special Limited Partner has the ability to redeem its Class I units for Class I shares in the Company or cash, at the election of the Special Limited Partner, the Company has classified these Class I units as Redeemable Non-controlling Interest in mezzanine equity on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 35 

Settlement of prior quarter(s) performance participation allocation 
 Conversion to Class I and Class B units ) Conversion to Class I and Class C shares ) GAAP income allocation ) Distributions ) ) Fair value allocation ) Ending balance 
 In addition to the Special Limited Partner s interest noted above, certain of the Company s third party joint ventures also have a redeemable non-controlling interest in such joint ventures. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, related to such third party joint ventures was included in Redeemable Non-controlling Interests on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Redeemable Non-controlling Interests are recorded at the greater of (i) their carrying amount, adjusted for their share of the allocation of GAAP net income (loss) and distributions, or (ii) their redemption value, which is equivalent to the fair value of such interests at the end of each measurement period. Accordingly, the Company recorded an allocation adjustment between Additional Paid-in Capital and Redeemable Non-controlling Interest of million and million, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, to reflect their redemption value. 
 36 

15. 
 Variable lease payments Rental revenue 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 37 

ground leases classified as operating and ground leases classified as financing. Each of the Company s ground leases were acquired as part of the acquisition of real estate, and no incremental costs were incurred for such ground leases. The Company s ground leases are non-cancelable and certain operating leases contain renewal options. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total undiscounted future lease payments Difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows ) ) Total lease liability 
 The Company utilized its incremental borrowing rate at the time of entering such leases, which was between and , to determine its lease liabilities. As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining lease term of the Company s operating leases and financing leases was years and years, respectively. 
 Payments under the Company s ground leases primarily contain fixed payment components that may include periodic increases based on an index or periodic fixed percentage escalations. of the Company s ground leases contains a variable component based on a percentage of revenue. 
 Variable ground rent expense Total cash portion of ground rent expense Straight-line ground rent expense Total operating lease costs 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets Total financing lease costs 
 38 

16. 
 reportable segments: Rental Housing, Industrial, Net Lease, Office, Hospitality, Retail, Data Centers, Self Storage properties, and Investments in Real Estate Debt. The Company allocates resources and evaluates results based on the performance of each segment individually. The Company believes that Segment Net Operating Income is the key performance metric that captures the unique operating characteristics of each segment. 
 Industrial Net Lease Office Hospitality Retail Data Centers Self Storage Investments in Real Estate Debt and Real Estate Loans Held by Consolidated Securitization Vehicles, at Fair Value Other (Corporate) Total assets 
 
 39 

Hospitality revenue Other revenue Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Hospitality operating Total expenses Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) ) ) Income from investments in real estate debt Changes in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles GAAP segment net income (loss) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) General and administrative ) Management fee ) Impairment of investments in real estate ) Loss from interest rate derivatives 
 ) Net gain on dispositions of real estate Interest expense, net 
 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Other expense 
 ) Net loss ) Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in BREIT OP unitholders 
 Net loss attributable to BREIT stockholders 
 ) 

40 

Hospitality revenue Other revenue Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Hospitality operating Total expenses (Loss) income from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) ) ) Income from investments in real estate debt 
 Changes in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles Loss from investments in equity securities (1) 
 ) ) GAAP segment net income Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) General and administrative ) Management fee ) Impairment of investments in real estate ) Income from interest rate derivatives Net gain on dispositions of real estate Interest expense, net 
 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Other expense (1) 
 ) Net income 
 Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in BREIT OP unitholders 
 ) Net income attributable to BREIT stockholders 
 
 (1) Included within Other expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations is million of net unrealized loss related to equity securities. 
 41 

Hospitality revenue Other revenue Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Hospitality operating Total expenses Income (loss) from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) ) Income from investments in real estate debt Changes in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles Income from investments in equity securities (1) 
 GAAP segment net income (loss) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) General and administrative ) Management fee ) Impairment of investments in real estate ) Loss from interest rate derivatives 
 ) Net gain on dispositions of real estate Interest expense, net 
 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Other expense (1) 
 ) Net loss 
 ) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in BREIT OP unitholders 
 Net loss attributable to BREIT stockholders 
 ) 
 (1) Included within Other (expense) income on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations is million of net unrealized/realized gain related to equity securities. 

42 

Hospitality revenue Other revenue Total revenues Expenses: Rental property operating Hospitality operating Total expenses (Loss) income from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Income from investments in real estate debt Changes in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles Loss from investments in equity securities (1) 
 ) ) GAAP segment net income (loss) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) General and administrative ) Management fee ) Impairment of investments in real estate ) Income from interest rate derivatives 
 Net gain on dispositions of real estate Interest expense, net 
 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 ) Other expense (1) 
 ) Net income Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in BREIT OP unitholders 
 ) Net income attributable to BREIT stockholders 
 (1) Included within Other expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations is million of net unrealized loss related to equity securities. 

17. 
 43 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 References herein to Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, BREIT, the Company, we, us, or our refer to Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, identify or other similar words or the negatives thereof. These may include our financial estimates and their underlying assumptions, statements about plans, objectives, intentions and expectations with respect to positioning, including the impact of macroeconomic trends and market forces, future operations, repurchases, acquisitions, future performance, and statements identified but not yet disclosed acquisitions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in such statements. We believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled Risk Factors in our prospectus and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this document (or our prospectus and other filings). Except as otherwise required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 Website Disclosure 
 We use our website (www.breit.com) as a channel of distribution of company information. The information we post through this channel may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases and SEC filings. The contents of our website are not, however, a part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Overview 
 We invest primarily in stabilized, income-generating commercial real estate in the United States and to a lesser extent, outside the United States. We also, to a lesser extent, invest in real estate debt investments. We are the sole general partner and majority limited partner of BREIT Operating Partnership L.P. BREIT OP ), a Delaware limited partnership, and we own substantially all of our assets through BREIT OP. We are externally managed by BX REIT Advisors L.L.C. (the Adviser ). The Adviser is part of the real estate group of Blackstone Inc. Blackstone ), a leading investment manager. We currently operate our business in nine reportable segments: Rental Housing, Industrial, Net Lease, Data Centers, Hospitality, Self Storage, Retail, and Office Properties, and Investments in Real Estate Debt. Rental Housing includes multifamily and other types of rental housing such as manufactured, student, affordable, and single family rental housing, as well as senior living. Net Lease includes the real estate assets of The Bellagio Las Vegas (the Bellagio and The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas (the Cosmopolitan ). Unconsolidated interests are included in the respective property segment. 
 BREIT is a non-listed, perpetual life real estate investment trust REIT that qualifies as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), for U.S. federal income tax. We generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 As of November 8, 2024, we had received cumulative net proceeds of 77.2 billion from the sale of 6.0 billion shares of our Class S, Class I, Class T, Class D and Class C common stock in our continuous public offering and private offerings, and units of BREIT OP. We contributed the net proceeds from the sale of shares to BREIT OP in exchange for a corresponding number of Class S, Class I, Class T, Class D and Class C units. As of November 8, 2024, there are no Class F shares or Class F units outstanding. BREIT OP has primarily used the net proceeds to make investments in real estate and real estate debt and for other general corporate purposes (including to fund repurchase requests under our share repurchase plan (the Share Repurchase Plan from time to time) as further described below under Investment Portfolio. We intend to continue selling shares of our common stock on a monthly basis through our continuous public offering and private offerings. 
 44 

Q3 2024 Highlights 
 Operating Results: 
 Declared monthly net distributions totaling 0.6 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The details of the average annualized distribution rates and total returns are shown in the following table: 
 Class S Class I Class T Class D Average Annualized Distribution Rate (1) 
 3.9 4.7 3.9 4.6 Year-to-Date Total Return, without upfront selling commissions (2) 
 1.8 2.4 1.8 2.2 Year-to-Date Total Return, assuming maximum upfront selling commissions (2) 
 (1.7) n/a (1.7) 0.7 Inception-to-Date Total Return, without upfront selling commissions (2) 
 8.9 9.8 9.1 9.6 Inception-to-Date Total Return, assuming maximum upfront selling commissions (2) 
 8.4 n/a 8.6 9.4 
 Investments: 
 Sold 52 rental housing properties, three industrial properties, three retail properties and two hospitality properties for total net proceeds of 3.8 billion. We recognized a net realized gain of 0.9 billion, net of the impairments recorded during the quarter, related to the disposition of such properties. 
 Included above is the sale of 19 student housing properties for net proceeds of 1.6 billion, resulting in a net realized gain of 682.6 million. Net proceeds includes a 200.0 million preferred interest investment retained. 
 Capital and Financing Activity: 
 Raised 0.7 billion from the sale of shares of our common stock and units of BREIT OP during the three months ended September 30, 2024. Repurchased 1.7 billion of our shares and units from investors during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Repaid a net 2.1 billion of financings during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Current Portfolio: 
 Our portfolio as of September 30, 2024 consisted of investments in real estate (94 based on fair value) and investments in real estate debt (6 ). 
 Our 4,675 properties (3) as of September 30, 2024 consisted primarily of Rental Housing (50 based on fair value), Industrial (26 ), Data Centers (11 and Net Lease (5 ), and our real estate portfolio was primarily concentrated in the following regions: South (38 ), West (29 and East (20 ). 
 Our investments in real estate debt as of September 30, 2024 consisted of a diversified portfolio of CMBS, RMBS, mortgage and mezzanine loans, and other real estate-related debt. For further details on credit rating and underlying real estate collateral, refer to Investment Portfolio Investments in Real Estate Debt below. 
 
 (1) The annualized distribution rate is calculated by averaging each of the three months annualized distribution, divided by the prior month s net asset value, which is inclusive of all fees and expenses. We believe the annualized distribution rate is a useful measure of our overall investment performance. 
 (2) Total return is calculated as the change in NAV per share during the respective periods plus any distributions per share declared in the period, and assumes any distributions are reinvested under our distribution reinvestment plan. Total return for periods greater than one year are annualized. We believe total return is a useful measure of our overall investment performance. 
 (3) Excludes 63,688 single family rental homes. Such single family rental homes are included in the fair value amounts. 
 
 45 

Investment Portfolio 
 Portfolio Summary 
 The following chart allocates our investments in real estate and real estate debt based on fair value as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Real Estate Investments 
 The following charts further describe the diversification of our investments in real estate based on fair value as of September 30, 2024: 

1 Real estate investments include wholly owned property investments, BREIT s share of property investments held through joint ventures and equity in public and private real estate-related companies. Real estate debt includes BREIT s investments in CMBS, RMBS, mortgage loans, and other debt secured by real estate and real estate related assets, and excludes the impact of consolidating the loans that serve as collateral for certain of our debt securities on our Condensed Consolidated Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP Balance Sheets. Property Sector weighting is measured as the asset value of real estate investments for each sector category divided by the asset value of all real estate investments, excluding the value of any third party interests in such real estate investments. Region Concentration represents regions as defined by the National Council of Real Estate Fiduciaries NCREIF and the weighting is measured as the asset value of our real estate properties for each regional category divided by the asset value of all real estate properties, excluding the value of any third party interests in such real estate properties. Non-U.S. reflects investments in Europe and Canada. 
 46 

The following map identifies the top markets of our real estate portfolio composition based on fair value as of September 30, 2024: 

The select states highlighted represent BREIT s top four states by portfolio weighting. Portfolio weighting is measured as the asset value of real estate properties for each state divided by the total asset value of all real estate properties, excluding the value of any third party interests in such real estate investments. BREIT is invested in additional states that are not highlighted above. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we owned, in whole or in part, a diversified portfolio of income producing assets comprising 4,675 properties and 63,688 single family rental homes concentrated in growth markets primarily focused in Rental Housing, Industrial, Data Centers and Net Lease properties, and to a lesser extent Self Storage, Hospitality, Retail, and Office properties. 
 47 

The following table provides a summary of our portfolio by segment as of September 30, 2024: 
 Segment Revenue For the Nine Months ended September 30, (7) 
 Segment Number of 
 Properties (1)(2) 
 Sq. Feet (in 
 thousands)/ 
 Units/Keys (1)(2)(3) 
 Occupancy 
 Rate (3)(4) 
 Average Effective 
 Annual Base Rent Per Leased Square Foot/Units/Keys (3)(5) 
 Gross Asset 
 Value (6) 
 in thousands) 
 2024 
 in thousands) 
 2023 in thousands) Rental Housing (8) 
 993 284,830 units 94 21,117 58,722,031 4,218,692 4,292,080 Industrial 3,159 433,765 sq. ft. 94 6.39 30,582,981 1,368,934 1,357,012 Data Centers 114 12,742 sq. ft. 100 15.05 13,497,575 392,388 323,751 Net Lease 2 15,409 sq. ft. 100 N/A 5,666,106 451,153 450,177 Office 14 5,171 sq. ft. 99 42.62 3,289,483 208,200 218,478 Hospitality 246 33,664 keys 73 189.49/ 138.84 2,927,103 506,899 662,649 Retail 67 9,214 sq. ft. 97 20.65 2,640,765 185,226 192,314 Self Storage 80 5,118 sq. ft. 85 14.15 848,220 57,691 169,779 Total 4,675 94 118,174,264 7,389,183 7,666,240 
 
 (1) Single family rental homes are included in rental housing units and are not reflected in the number of properties. 
 (2) Includes properties owned by unconsolidated entities. 
 (3) Excludes land under development related to our rental housing, industrial and data centers investments. 
 (4) For our industrial, net lease, data centers, retail and office investments, occupancy includes all leased square footage as of September 30, 2024. For our multifamily, student housing and affordable housing investments, occupancy is defined as the percentage of actual rent divided by gross potential rent (defined as actual rent for occupied units and market rent for vacant units) for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For our single family rental housing investments, the occupancy rate includes occupied homes for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For our self storage, manufactured housing and senior living investments, the occupancy rate includes occupied square footage, occupied sites and occupied units, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. The average occupancy rate for our hospitality investments includes paid occupied rooms for the 12 months ended September 30, 2024. Hospitality investments owned less than 12 months are excluded from the average occupancy rate calculation. Total occupancy is weighted by the total value of all consolidated real estate properties, excluding our hospitality investments, and any third party interests in such properties. Unconsolidated investments are excluded from occupancy rate calculations. 
 (5) For multifamily and rental housing properties other than manufactured housing, average effective annual base rent represents the base rent for the three months ended September 30, 2024 per leased unit, and excludes tenant recoveries, straight-line rent, and above-market and below-market lease amortization. For manufactured housing, industrial, net lease, data centers, self storage, office, and retail properties, average effective annual base rent represents the annualized September 30, 2024 base rent per leased square foot or unit and excludes tenant recoveries, straight-line rent, and above-market and below-market lease amortization. For hospitality properties, average effective annual base rent represents Average Daily Rate ADR and Revenue Per Available Room RevPAR ), respectively, for the 12 months ended September 30, 2024. Hospitality investments owned less than 12 months are excluded from the ADR and RevPAR calculations. Unconsolidated investments are excluded from average effective annual base rent calculations. 
 (6) Measured as the total fair value of real estate investments for each sector, excluding the value of any third party interests in such real estate investments. 
 (7) Segment revenue is determined in accordance with GAAP for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and includes our allocable share of revenues generated by unconsolidated entities. 
 (8) Rental Housing includes multifamily and other types of rental housing such as student, affordable, manufactured and single family rental housing, as well as senior living. Rental Housing units include multifamily units, student housing units, affordable housing units, manufactured housing sites, single family rental homes and senior living units. 
 48 

Real Estate 
 The following table provides information regarding our real estate portfolio as of September 30, 2024: 
 Segment and Investment Number of 
 Properties (1)(2) 
 Location Acquisition Date Ownership Interest (3) 
 Sq. Feet (in thousands)/Units/Keys (2)(4) 
 Occupancy Rate (4)(5) 
 Rental Housing: TA Multifamily Portfolio 2 Palm Beach Gardens, FL Gurnee, IL April 2017 100 959 units 94 Emory Point 1 Atlanta, GA May 2017 100 750 units 95 Nevada West Multifamily 3 Las Vegas, NV May 2017 100 972 units 94 Mountain Gate Trails Multifamily 2 Las Vegas, NV June 2017 100 539 units 94 Elysian West Multifamily 1 Las Vegas, NV July 2017 100 466 units 94 Gilbert Multifamily 2 Gilbert, AZ Sept. 2017 90 748 units 94 ACG II Multifamily 3 Various Sept. 2017 94 740 units 95 Olympus Multifamily 3 Jacksonville, FL Nov. 2017 95 1,032 units 94 Amberglen West Multifamily 1 Hillsboro, OR Nov. 2017 100 396 units 94 Aston Multifamily Portfolio 3 Various Various 100 576 units 94 Talavera and Flamingo Multifamily 2 Las Vegas, NV Dec. 2017 100 674 units 95 Montair Multifamily 1 Thornton, CO Dec. 2017 100 320 units 86 Signature at Kendall Multifamily 2 Miami, FL Dec. 2017 100 546 units 94 Wave Multifamily Portfolio 4 Various May 2018 100 1,728 units 93 ACG III Multifamily 2 Gresham, OR Turlock, CA May 2018 95 475 units 94 Carroll Florida Multifamily 1 Jacksonville Orlando, FL May 2018 100 320 units 93 Solis at Flamingo 1 Las Vegas, NV June 2018 95 524 units 95 Coyote Multifamily Portfolio 6 Phoenix, AZ Aug. 2018 100 1,753 units 95 Avanti Apartments 1 Las Vegas, NV Dec. 2018 100 414 units 92 Gilbert Heritage Apartments 1 Phoenix, AZ Feb. 2019 90 256 units 96 Roman Multifamily Portfolio 9 Various Feb. 2019 100 2,403 units 94 Citymark Multifamily 2-Pack 2 Las Vegas, NV Lithia Springs, GA April 2019 100 608 units 91 Raider Multifamily Portfolio 4 Las Vegas, NV Various 100 1,514 units 93 Bridge II Multifamily Portfolio 6 Various Various 100 2,363 units 92 Miami Doral 2-Pack 2 Miami, FL May 2019 100 720 units 93 Davis Multifamily 2-Pack 2 Raleigh, NC Jacksonville, FL May 2019 100 454 units 94 Slate Savannah 1 Savannah, GA May 2019 90 272 units 94 Amara at MetroWest 1 Orlando, FL May 2019 95 411 units 92 Edge Las Vegas 1 Las Vegas, NV June 2019 95 296 units 95 ACG IV Multifamily 2 Woodland, CA Puyallup, WA June 2019 95 606 units 93 Perimeter Multifamily 3-Pack 3 Atlanta, GA June 2019 100 691 units 92 Anson at the Lakes 1 Charlotte, NC June 2019 100 694 units 94 San Valiente Multifamily 1 Phoenix, AZ July 2019 95 604 units 93 Edgewater at the Cove 1 Oregon City, OR Aug. 2019 100 248 units 92 Haven 124 Multifamily 1 Denver, CO Sept. 2019 100 562 units 89 Villages at McCullers Walk Multifamily 1 Raleigh, NC Oct. 2019 100 412 units 94 Canopy at Citrus Park Multifamily 1 Largo, FL Oct. 2019 90 318 units 94 Ridge Multifamily Portfolio 4 Las Vegas, NV Oct. 2019 90 1,220 units 92 Charleston on 66th Multifamily 1 Tampa, FL Nov. 2019 95 258 units 93 Evolve at Timber Creek Multifamily 1 Garner, NC Nov. 2019 100 304 units 95 Arches at Hidden Creek Multifamily 1 Chandler, AZ Nov. 2019 98 432 units 94 Arium Multifamily Portfolio 3 Various Dec. 2019 100 972 units 94 Easton Gardens Multifamily 1 Columbus, OH Feb. 2020 95 1,064 units 94 Acorn Multifamily Portfolio 16 Various Feb. May 2020 98 6,636 units 94 Indigo West Multifamily 1 Orlando, FL March 2020 100 456 units 91 Park Market Multifamily 1 Raleigh, NC Oct. 2020 100 409 units 94 Cortland Lex Multifamily 1 Alpharetta, GA Oct. 2020 100 360 units 96 The Palmer Multifamily 1 Charlotte, NC Oct. 2020 90 318 units 94 Jaguar Multifamily Portfolio 6 Various Nov. Dec. 2020 100 2,375 units 93 Kansas City Multifamily Portfolio 2 Overland Park Olathe, KS Dec. 2020 100 620 units 96 Cortona South Tampa Multifamily 1 Tampa, FL April 2021 100 300 units 95 Rosery Multifamily Portfolio 1 Largo, FL April 2021 100 224 units 93 Encore Tessera Multifamily 1 Phoenix, AZ May 2021 80 240 units 93 Acorn 2.0 Multifamily Portfolio 14 Various Various 98 5,921 units 94 Vue at Centennial Multifamily 1 Las Vegas, NV June 2021 100 372 units 92 Charlotte Multifamily Portfolio 2 Various June Aug. 2021 100 576 units 94 
 49 

Segment and Investment Number of 
 Properties (1)(2) 
 Location Acquisition Date Ownership Interest (3) 
 Sq. Feet (in thousands)/Units/Keys (2)(4) 
 Occupancy Rate (4)(5) 
 Haven by Watermark Multifamily 1 Denver, CO June 2021 100 206 units 94 Legacy North Multifamily 1 Plano, TX Aug. 2021 100 1,675 units 93 The Brooke Multifamily 1 Atlanta, GA Aug. 2021 100 537 units 94 One Boynton Multifamily 1 Boynton Beach, FL Aug. 2021 100 494 units 94 Town Lantana Multifamily 1 Lantana, FL Sept. 2021 90 360 units 95 Ring Multifamily Portfolio 12 Various Sept. 2021 100 3,030 units 95 Villages at Pecan Grove Multifamily 1 Holly Springs, NC Nov. 2021 100 336 units 96 Cielo Morrison Multifamily Portfolio 2 Charlotte, NC Nov. 2021 90 419 units 95 FiveTwo at Highland Multifamily 1 Austin, TX Nov. 2021 90 390 units 94 Roman 2.0 Multifamily Portfolio 19 Various Dec. 2021 Jan. 2022 100 6,044 units 94 Kapilina Beach Homes Multifamily 1 Ewa Beach, HI Dec. 2021 100 1,459 units 88 SeaTac Multifamily Portfolio 2 Edgewood Everett, WA Dec. 2021 90 480 units 94 Villages at Raleigh Beach Multifamily 1 Raleigh, NC Jan. 2022 100 392 units 95 Raider 2.0 Multifamily Portfolio 3 Las Vegas Henderson, NV March April 2022 100 1,390 units 95 Dallas Multifamily Portfolio 2 Irving Fort Worth, TX April 2022 90 759 units 95 Carlton at Bartram Park Multifamily 1 Jacksonville, FL April 2022 100 750 units 94 Overlook Multifamily Portfolio 2 Malden Revere, MA April 2022 100 1,386 units 93 Harper Place at Bees Ferry Multifamily 1 Charleston, SC April 2022 100 195 units 95 Rapids Multifamily Portfolio 36 Various May 2022 100 10,842 units 93 8 Spruce Street Multifamily 1 New York, NY May 2022 100 900 units 96 Pike Multifamily Portfolio (6) 
 42 Various June 2022 100 11,621 units 94 ACG V Multifamily 2 Stockton, CA Sept. 2022 95 449 units 94 Tricon - Multifamily (7) 
 11 Various May 2024 Various (7) 
 1,789 units (5) Highroads MH 2 Phoenix, AZ April 2018 99.6 198 units 96 Evergreen Minari MH 2 Phoenix, AZ June 2018 99.6 115 units 96 Southwest MH 10 Various June 2018 99.6 2,250 units 91 Hidden Springs MH 1 Desert Hot Springs, CA July 2018 99.6 317 units 87 SVPAC MH 2 Phoenix, AZ July 2018 99.6 233 units 100 Riverest MH 1 Tavares, FL Dec. 2018 99.6 130 units 97 Angler MH Portfolio 4 Phoenix, AZ April 2019 99.6 770 units 92 Florida MH 4-Pack 4 Various April July 2019 99.6 799 units 93 Impala MH 3 Phoenix Chandler, AZ July 2019 99.6 333 units 96 Clearwater MHC 2-Pack 2 Clearwater, FL March Aug. 2020 99.6 207 units 90 Legacy MH Portfolio 7 Various April 2020 99.6 1,896 units 90 May Manor MH 1 Lakeland, FL June 2020 99.6 297 units 82 Royal Oaks MH 1 Petaluma, CA Nov. 2020 99.6 94 units 100 Southeast MH Portfolio 22 Various Dec. 2020 99.6 5,934 units 91 Redwood Village MH 1 Santa Rosa, CA July 2021 99.6 67 units 99 Courtly Manor MH 1 Hialeah, FL Oct. 2021 99.6 525 units 100 Crescent Valley MH 1 Newhall, CA Nov. 2021 99.6 85 units 92 EdR Student Housing Portfolio 1 Various Sept. 2018 60 262 units 91 Mercury 3100 Student Housing 1 Orlando, FL Feb. 2021 100 228 units 90 Signal Student Housing Portfolio 8 Various Aug. 2021 96 1,749 units 93 Standard at Fort Collins Student Housing 1 Fort Collins, CO Nov. 2021 97 237 units 96 Intel Student Housing Portfolio 4 Reno, NV Various 98 805 units 91 Signal 2.0 Student Housing Portfolio 2 Buffalo, NY Athens, GA Dec. 2021 97 366 units 92 Robin Student Housing Portfolio 8 Various March 2022 98 1,703 units 84 Legacy on Rio Student Housing 1 Austin, TX March 2022 97 149 units 92 Mark at Tucson Student Housing 1 Mountain, AZ April 2022 97 154 units 93 Legacy at Baton Rouge Student Housing 1 Baton Rouge, LA May 2022 97 300 units 97 American Campus Communities 144 Various Aug. 2022 69 34,197 units 93 Home Partners of America (8) 
 N/A (1) 
 Various Various Various (8) 
 26,391 units 95 Tricon - Single Family Rental (9) 
 N/A (1) 
 Various May 2024 Various (9) 
 37,297 units (5) Quebec Independent Living Portfolio 6 Quebec, Canada Aug. 2021 Aug. 2022 100 1,805 units 92 Ace Affordable Housing Portfolio (10) 
 419 Various Dec. 2021 Various (10) 
 57,138 units 94 Florida Affordable Housing Portfolio 43 Various Various 100 10,965 units 97 Palm Park Affordable Housing 1 Boynton Beach, FL May 2022 100 160 units 98 Wasatch 2-Pack 2 Spring Valley, CA Midvale, UT Oct. 2022 100 350 units 88 Total Rental Housing 993 284,830 units 
 50 

Segment and Investment Number of 
 Properties (1)(2) 
 Location Acquisition Date Ownership Interest (3) 
 Sq. Feet (in thousands)/Units/Keys (2)(4) 
 Occupancy Rate (4)(5) 
 Industrial: HS Industrial Portfolio 33 Various April 2017 100 5,573 sq. ft. 94 Fairfield Industrial Portfolio 11 Fairfield, NJ Sept. 2017 100 578 sq. ft. 96 Southeast Industrial Portfolio 3 Various Nov. 2017 100 1,167 sq. ft. 66 Kraft Chicago Industrial Portfolio 3 Aurora, IL Jan. 2018 100 1,693 sq. ft. 100 Canyon Industrial Portfolio 131 Various March 2018 100 19,542 sq. ft. 92 HP Cold Storage Industrial Portfolio 6 Various May 2018 100 2,259 sq. ft. 100 Meridian Industrial Portfolio 73 Various Nov. 2018 100 9,854 sq. ft. 93 Summit Industrial Portfolio 8 Atlanta, GA Dec. 2018 100 631 sq. ft. 91 4500 Westport Drive 1 Harrisburg, PA Jan. 2019 100 179 sq. ft. 100 Minneapolis Industrial Portfolio 34 Minneapolis, MN April 2019 100 2,459 sq. ft. 95 Atlanta Industrial Portfolio 61 Atlanta, GA May 2019 100 3,779 sq. ft. 98 Patriot Park Industrial Portfolio 2 Durham, NC Sept. 2019 100 323 sq. ft. 100 Denali Industrial Portfolio 18 Various Sept. 2019 100 4,098 sq. ft. 97 Jupiter 12 Industrial Portfolio 290 Various Sept. 2019 100 54,834 sq. ft. 96 2201 Main Street 1 San Diego, CA Oct. 2019 100 260 sq. ft. 100 Triangle Industrial Portfolio 24 Greensboro, NC Jan. 2020 100 2,434 sq. ft. 99 Midwest Industrial Portfolio 27 Various Feb. 2020 100 5,940 sq. ft. 88 Pancal Industrial Portfolio 12 Various Feb. April 2020 100 2,109 sq. ft. 94 Diamond Industrial 1 Pico Rivera, CA Aug. 2020 100 243 sq. ft. 100 Inland Empire Industrial Portfolio 2 Etiwanda Fontana, CA Sept. 2020 100 404 sq. ft. 100 Shield Industrial Portfolio 13 Various Dec. 2020 100 2,079 sq. ft. 100 7520 Georgetown Industrial 1 Indianapolis, IN Dec. 2020 100 425 sq. ft. 100 WC Infill Industrial Portfolio (11) 
 18 Various Jan. Aug. 2021 85 2,698 sq. ft. (5) Vault Industrial Portfolio (11) 
 35 Various Jan. 2021 46 6,597 sq. ft. (5) Chicago Infill Industrial Portfolio 7 Various Feb. 2021 100 1,058 sq. ft. 100 Greensboro Industrial Portfolio 19 Various April 2021 100 2,068 sq. ft. 87 NW Corporate Center Industrial Portfolio 3 El Paso, TX July 2021 100 692 sq. ft. 100 I-85 Southeast Industrial Portfolio 4 Various July Aug. 2021 100 739 sq. ft. 100 Alaska Industrial Portfolio (11) 
 27 Various UK July Oct. 2021 22 8,735 sq. ft. (5) Stephanie Industrial Portfolio 2 Henderson, NV Sept. 2021 100 338 sq. ft. 100 Capstone Industrial Portfolio 2 Brooklyn Park, MN Sept. 2021 100 219 sq. ft. 100 Winston Industrial Portfolio (12) 
 122 Various Oct. 2021 Various (12) 
 32,812 sq. ft. 94 Tempe Industrial Center 1 Tempe, AZ Oct. 2021 100 175 sq. ft. 100 Procyon Distribution Center Industrial 1 Las Vegas, NV Oct. 2021 100 122 sq. ft. 45 Northborough Industrial Portfolio 2 Marlborough, MA Oct. 2021 100 600 sq. ft. 100 Coldplay Logistics Portfolio (11) 
 17 Various Germany Oct. 2021 10 1,735 sq. ft. (5) Canyon 2.0 Industrial Portfolio 101 Various Nov. 2021 99 14,929 sq. ft. 90 Tropical Sloane Las Vegas Industrial 1 Las Vegas, NV Nov. 2021 100 171 sq. ft. 100 Explorer Industrial Portfolio (11) 
 326 Various Nov. 2021 12 69,885 sq. ft. (5) Evergreen Industrial Portfolio (11) 
 12 Various Europe Dec. 2021 10 6,005 sq. ft. (5) Maplewood Industrial 14 Various Dec. 2021 100 3,169 sq. ft. 72 Meadowland Industrial Portfolio 3 Las Vegas, NV Dec. 2021 100 1,138 sq. ft. 92 Bulldog Industrial Portfolio 7 Suwanee, GA Dec. 2021 100 512 sq. ft. 94 SLC NW Commerce Industrial 3 Salt Lake City, UT Dec. 2021 100 529 sq. ft. 100 Bluefin Industrial Portfolio (11) 
 68 Various Dec. 2021 23 10,146 sq. ft. (5) 73 Business Center Industrial Portfolio 1 Greensboro, NC Dec. 2021 100 217 sq. ft. 100 Amhurst Industrial Portfolio 8 Waukegan, IL March 2022 100 1,280 sq. ft. 88 Shoals Logistics Center Industrial 1 Austell, GA April 2022 100 254 sq. ft. N/A Durham Commerce Center Industrial 1 Durham, NC April 2022 100 132 sq. ft. 100 Mileway Industrial Portfolio (11) 
 1,598 Various Europe Various 15 145,947 sq. ft. (5) Total Industrial 3,159 433,765 sq. ft. Data Centers: D.C. Powered Shell Warehouse Portfolio 9 Ashburn Manassas, VA June Dec. 2019 90 1,471 sq. ft. 100 Highpoint Powered Shell Portfolio 2 Sterling, VA June 2021 100 434 sq. ft. 100 QTS Data Centers (11) 
 100 Various Aug. 2021 33.6 10,045 sq. ft. (5) Atlantic Powered Shell Portfolio 3 Sterling, VA April 2022 100 792 sq. ft. 100 Total Data Centers 114 12,742 sq. ft. 
 51 

Segment and Investment Number of 
 Properties (1)(2) 
 Location Acquisition Date Ownership Interest (3) 
 Sq. Feet (in thousands)/Units/Keys (2)(4) 
 Occupancy Rate (4)(5) 
 Net Lease: Bellagio Net Lease 1 Las Vegas, NV Nov. 2019 49 8,507 sq. ft. 100 Cosmopolitan Net Lease 1 Las Vegas, NV May 2022 80 6,902 sq. ft. 100 Total Net Lease 2 15,409 sq. ft. Office: EmeryTech Office 1 Emeryville, CA Oct. 2019 100 234 sq. ft. 95 Coleman Highline Office 1 San Jose, CA Oct. 2020 100 357 sq. ft. 100 Atlanta Tech Center Office 1 Atlanta, GA May 2021 100 361 sq. ft. 100 Atlantic Complex Office 3 Toronto, Canada Nov. 2021 97 259 sq. ft. 99 One Manhattan West (11) 
 1 New York, NY March 2022 49 2,081 sq. ft. (5) One Culver Office 1 Culver City, CA March 2022 90 373 sq. ft. 100 Montreal Office Portfolio 2 Various March 2022 98 412 sq. ft. 95 Atlanta Tech Center 2.0 Office 1 Atlanta, GA June 2022 100 318 sq. ft. 100 Pike Office Portfolio (6) 
 2 Various June 2022 100 259 sq. ft. 86 Adare Office 1 Dublin, Ireland Aug. 2022 75 517 sq. ft. 100 Total Office 14 5,171 sq. ft. Hospitality: Hyatt Place UC Davis 1 Davis, CA Jan. 2017 100 127 keys 67 Hyatt Place San Jose Downtown 1 San Jose, CA June 2017 100 240 keys 72 Florida Select-Service 4-Pack 1 Tampa, FL July 2017 100 113 keys 79 Hyatt House Downtown Atlanta 1 Atlanta, GA Aug. 2017 100 150 keys 73 Boston/Worcester Select-Service 3-Pack 1 Boston Worcester, MA Oct. 2017 100 140 keys 91 Henderson Select-Service 2-Pack 2 Henderson, NV May 2018 100 228 keys 79 Orlando Select-Service 2-Pack 2 Orlando, FL May 2018 100 254 keys 83 Corporex Select Service Portfolio 2 Various Aug. 2018 100 225 keys 79 Hampton Inn Suites Federal Way 1 Seattle, WA Oct. 2018 100 142 keys 73 Courtyard Kona 1 Kailua-Kona, HI March 2019 100 455 keys 74 Raven Select Service Portfolio 14 Various June 2019 100 1,649 keys 75 Urban 2-Pack 1 Chicago, IL July 2019 100 337 keys 70 Hyatt Regency Atlanta 1 Atlanta, GA Sept. 2019 100 1,260 keys 68 RHW Select Service Portfolio 6 Various Nov. 2019 100 557 keys 70 Key West Select Service Portfolio 4 Key West, FL Oct. 2021 100 519 keys 82 Sunbelt Select Service Portfolio 3 Various Dec. 2021 100 716 keys 70 HGI Austin University Select Service 1 Austin, TX Dec. 2021 100 214 keys 70 Sleep Extended Stay Hotel Portfolio (11) 
 196 Various July 2022 30 24,935 keys (5) Halo Select Service Portfolio 7 Various Aug. Oct. 2022 100 1,403 keys 72 Total Hospitality 246 33,664 keys Retail: Bakers Centre 1 Philadelphia, PA March 2017 100 238 sq. ft. 100 Plaza Del Sol Retail 1 Burbank, CA Oct. 2017 100 167 sq. ft. 100 Vista Center 1 Miami, FL Aug. 2018 100 89 sq. ft. 97 El Paseo Simi Valley 1 Simi Valley, CA June 2019 100 108 sq. ft. 97 Towne Center East 1 Signal Hill, CA Sept. 2019 100 163 sq. ft. 98 Plaza Pacoima 1 Pacoima, CA Oct. 2019 100 204 sq. ft. 100 Canarsie Plaza 1 Brooklyn, NY Dec. 2019 100 274 sq. ft. 98 SoCal Grocery Portfolio 6 Various Jan. 2020 100 685 sq. ft. 98 Northeast Tower Center 1 Philadelphia, PA Aug. 2021 100 301 sq. ft. 100 Southeast Retail Portfolio (11) 
 6 Various Oct. 2021 50 1,226 sq. ft. (5) Bingo Retail Portfolio 11 Various Dec. 2021 100 2,017 sq. ft. 99 Pike Retail Portfolio (6)(13) 
 35 Various June 2022 Various (13) 
 3,710 sq. ft. 96 Tricon-Retail 1 Ontario,Canada May 2024 12 31 sq. ft. (5) Total Retail 67 9,214 sq. ft. Self Storage: East Coast Storage Portfolio 21 Various Aug. 2019 98 1,335 sq. ft. 86 Phoenix Storage 2-Pack 2 Phoenix, AZ March 2020 98 111 sq. ft. 83 Cactus Storage Portfolio 18 Various Sept. Oct. 2020 98 1,084 sq. ft. 85 Caltex Storage Portfolio 4 Various Nov. Dec. 2020 98 241 sq. ft. 86 
 52 

Segment and Investment Number of 
 Properties (1)(2) 
 Location Acquisition Date Ownership Interest (3) 
 Sq. Feet (in thousands)/Units/Keys (2)(4) 
 Occupancy Rate (4)(5) 
 Florida Self Storage Portfolio 2 Cocoa Rockledge, FL Dec. 2020 98 158 sq. ft. 85 Pace Storage Portfolio 1 Pace, FL Dec. 2020 98 71 sq. ft. 86 Flamingo Self Storage Portfolio 6 Various Various 98 375 sq. ft. 86 Alpaca Self Storage Portfolio 26 Various April 2022 98 1,743 sq. ft. 85 Total Self Storage 80 5,118 sq. ft. Total Investments in Real Estate 4,675 
 (1) Rental Housing includes multifamily and other types of rental housing such as student, affordable, manufactured and single family rental housing, as well as senior living. Rental Housing units include multifamily units, student housing units, affordable housing units, manufactured housing sites, single family rental homes and senior living units. Single family rental homes are accounted for in rental housing units and are not reflected in the number of properties. 
 (2) Includes properties owned by unconsolidated entities. 
 (3) Certain of our joint venture agreements provide the seller or the other partner a profits interest based on achieving certain internal rate of return hurdles. Such investments are consolidated by us and any profits interest due to the other partners is reported within non-controlling interests. 
 (4) Excludes land under development related to our rental housing, industrial and data centers investments. 
 (5) For our industrial, net lease, data centers, retail and office investments, occupancy includes all leased square footage as of September 30, 2024. For our multifamily, student housing and affordable housing investments, occupancy is defined as the percentage of actual rent divided by gross potential rent (defined as actual rent for occupied units and market rent for vacant units) for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For our single family rental housing investments, the occupancy rate includes occupied homes for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For our self storage, manufactured housing and senior living investments, the occupancy rate includes occupied square footage, occupied sites and occupied units, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. The average occupancy rate for our hospitality investments includes paid occupied rooms for the 12 months ended September 30, 2024. Hospitality investments owned less than 12 months are excluded from the average occupancy rate calculation. Unconsolidated investments are excluded from occupancy rate calculations. 
 (6) Represents acquisition of Preferred Apartment Communities PAC ). 
 (7) Includes various ownership interests in 11 unconsolidated multifamily properties. 
 (8) Includes a 100 interest in 15,964 consolidated single family rental homes, a 44 interest in 8,676 unconsolidated single family rental homes, and a 12 interest in 1,751 unconsolidated single family rental homes. 
 (9) Includes various ownership interests in 37,297 unconsolidated single family rental homes. 
 (10) Includes various ownership interests in 412 consolidated affordable housing properties and seven unconsolidated affordable housing properties. 
 (11) Investment is unconsolidated. 
 (12) Includes various ownership interests in 97 consolidated industrial properties and 25 unconsolidated industrial properties. 
 (13) Includes 34 wholly owned retail properties and a 50 interest in one unconsolidated retail property. 

53 

Lease Expirations 
 The following schedule details the expiring leases at our consolidated industrial, net lease, data centers, retail, and office properties by annualized base rent and square footage as of September 30, 2024 and square feet data in thousands). The table below excludes our rental housing and self-storage properties as substantially all leases at such properties expire within 12 months: 
 Year Number of Expiring Leases Annualized 
 Base Rent (1) 
 of Total Annualized Base Rent Expiring Square Feet of Total Square Feet Expiring 2024 (remaining) 199 31,955 2 16,452 8 2025 621 137,604 7 19,915 10 2026 696 208,351 11 32,579 16 2027 777 239,094 13 32,530 16 2028 636 214,135 12 29,878 15 2029 506 201,463 11 24,417 12 2030 203 133,559 7 15,347 8 2031 119 43,548 2 5,246 3 2032 63 43,151 2 3,686 2 2033 71 35,178 2 2,477 1 Thereafter 173 566,144 31 16,901 9 Total 4,064 1,854,182 100 199,428 100 
 (1) Annualized base rent is determined from the annualized base rent per leased square foot as of September 30, 2024 and excludes tenant recoveries, straight-line rent, and above-market and below-market lease amortization. 
 54 

Investments in Real Estate Debt 
 The following charts further describe the diversification of our investments in real estate debt by credit rating and collateral type, based on fair value as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 (1) Includes our investments in CMBS, RMBS, mortgage loans, and other debt secured by real estate assets, and excludes the impact of consolidating the loans that serve as collateral for certain of our debt securities on our Condensed Consolidated GAAP Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Not rated positions have a weighted-average LTV at origination of 59 , are primarily composed of 46 industrial and 50 rental housing assets, and include interest-only securities with a fair value of 18.6 million. 
 55 

The following table details our investments in real estate debt as of September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 Type of Security/Loan (1) 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Coupon (2) 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Maturity Date (3) 
 Face Amount Cost Basis Fair Value CMBS (4) 
 +4.3 5/13/2033 5,616,298 5,553,954 5,274,563 RMBS 4.2 5/31/2058 184,317 180,637 147,078 Corporate bonds 4.9 6/6/2028 56,119 56,003 52,182 Total real estate securities 8.9 12/28/2033 5,856,734 5,790,594 5,473,823 Commercial real estate loans +4.4 8/15/2027 1,096,174 1,091,916 1,088,403 Other investments (5)(6) 
 5.7 9/21/2029 333,109 316,146 354,088 Total investments in real estate debt 8.8 10/8/2032 7,286,017 7,198,656 6,916,314 
 (1) Includes our investments in CMBS, RMBS, mortgage loans, and other debt secured by real estate assets, and exclude the impact of consolidating the loans that serve as collateral for certain of our debt securities on our Condensed Consolidated GAAP Balance Sheets. 
 (2) The symbol + refers to the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ), and Euro Interbank Offer Rate EURIBOR ), as applicable to each security and loan. Fixed rate CMBS and commercial real estate loans are reflected as a spread over the relevant floating benchmark rates as of September 30, 2024 for purposes of the weighted averages. Weighted average coupon for CMBS does not include zero-coupon securities. As of September 30, 2024, we have interest rate swaps outstanding with a notional value of 0.4 billion that effectively convert a portion of our fixed rate investments in real estate debt to floating rates. Total weighted average coupon does not include the impact of such interest rate swaps or other derivatives. 
 (3) Weighted average maturity date is based on the fully extended maturity date of the instrument. 
 (4) Face amount excludes interest-only securities with a notional amount of 4.1 billion as of September 30, 2024. In addition, CMBS includes zero-coupon securities of 0.3 billion as of September 30, 2024. 
 (5) Includes interests in unconsolidated joint ventures that hold investments in real estate debt. 
 (6) Weighted average coupon rate and weighted average maturity date exclude our investment in a joint venture with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). 
 56 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands, except per share data): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 2024 2023 Revenues Rental revenue 1,854,256 1,925,827 (71,571) Hospitality revenue 137,847 145,837 (7,990) Other revenue 102,563 115,569 (13,006) Total revenues 2,094,666 2,187,233 (92,567) Expenses Rental property operating 938,025 958,571 (20,546) Hospitality operating 97,870 103,585 (5,715) General and administrative 15,368 16,960 (1,592) Management fee 174,252 209,297 (35,045) Impairment of investments in real estate 48,571 60,952 (12,381) Depreciation and amortization 848,214 928,863 (80,649) Total expenses 2,122,300 2,278,228 (155,928) Other income (expense) Loss from unconsolidated entities 
 (74,839) (153,656) 78,817 Income from investments in real estate debt 
 184,849 192,145 (7,296) Change in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles 44,170 53,244 (9,074) (Loss) income from interest rate derivatives 
 (815,212) 410,655 (1,225,867) Net gain on dispositions of real estate 988,970 985,189 3,781 Interest expense, net (853,014) (808,169) (44,845) Loss on extinguishment of debt (19,608) (26,484) 6,876 Other (expense) income 
 (35,408) (45,302) 9,894 Total other income (expense) (580,092) 607,622 (1,187,714) Net (loss) income (607,726) 516,627 (1,124,353) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures 
 (37,374) 100,087 (137,461) Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests in BREIT OP unitholders 
 39,041 (28,420) 67,461 Net (loss) income attributable to BREIT stockholders (606,059) 588,294 (1,194,353) Net (loss) income per share of common stock basic and diluted (0.16) 0.14 (0.30) 
 Rental Revenue 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, rental revenue decreased 71.6 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease can primarily be attributed to a 142.3 million decrease in Non-Same Property revenues due to the real estate dispositions we made from July 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024, partially offset by a 70.7 million increase in Same Property revenues. See Same Property NOI section for further details of the increase in Same Property revenues. 
 Hospitality Revenue 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, hospitality revenue decreased 8.0 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease can primarily be attributed to a 11.8 million decrease in Non-Same Property revenues due to the real estate dispositions we made from July 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024, partially offset by a 3.8 million increase in Same Property revenues. See Same Property NOI section for further details of the increase in Same Property revenues. 
 57 

Other Revenue 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, other revenue decreased 13.0 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease can primarily be attributed to a 12.1 million decrease in Non-Same Property revenues due to the real estate dispositions we made from July 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024 and a 0.9 million decrease in Same Property Revenues. See Same Property NOI section for further details of the decrease in Same Property revenues. 
 Rental Property Operating Expenses 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, rental property operating expenses decreased 20.5 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease can primarily be attributed to a 43.8 million decrease in Non-Same Property operating expenses, due to the real estate dispositions we made from July 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024, partially offset by a 23.3 million increase in Same Property operating expenses. See Same Property NOI section for further details of the increase in Same Property operating expenses. 
 Hospitality Operating Expenses 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, hospitality operating expenses decreased 5.7 million as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease can primarily be attributed to a 6.8 million decrease in Non-Same Property expenses due to the real estate dispositions we made from July 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024, partially offset by a 1.1 million increase in Same Property operating expenses. See Same Property NOI section for further details of the increase in Same Property hospitality operating expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.6 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease in various corporate level expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Management Fee 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the management fee decreased 35.0 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a lower average NAV during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Impairment of Investments in Real Estate 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, impairments of investments in real estate decreased 12.4 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an aggregate 48.6 million of impairment charges including (i) 20.9 million related to certain properties as a result of updates to the undiscounted cash flow assumptions to account for a shorter hold period, and (ii) 27.7 million related to certain held-for-sale real estate investments where their GAAP carrying amount exceeded their fair value, less estimated closing costs. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized impairments of 61.0 million related to certain properties as a result of updates to the undiscounted cash flow assumptions to account for a shorter hold period. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization decreased 80.6 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by the impact of disposition activity from July 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024 and the full amortization of certain intangible assets. 
 Loss from Unconsolidated Entities 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, income from unconsolidated entit ies increased 78.8 million co mpared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 64.4 million related to the change in the fair value of unconsolidated entities carried at fair value. 
 58 

Income from Investments in Real Estate Debt 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , income from investments in real estate debt decreased 7.3 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 . The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of 27.3 million in interest income offset by an increase of 19.0 million in net unrealized/realized gains on our investments in real estate debt and related derivatives. 
 Change in Net Assets of Consolidated Securitization Vehicles 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the change in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles decreased 9.1 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of 3.0 million in net unrealized/realized gains and a decrease of 6.1 million in interest income due to a decrease in principal value of our net investments in these securitization vehicles. 
 (Loss) Income from Interest Rate Derivatives 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, income from interest rate derivatives decreased 1.2 billion compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in the fair value of derivatives. 
 Net Gain on Dispositions of Real Estate 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, net gain on dispositions of real estate increased 3.8 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 989.0 million of net gains from the disposition of 52 rental housing properties, three industrial properties three retail properties and two hospitality properties. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded 985.2 million of net gains from the disposition of 128 self storage properties, 20 rental housing properties, seven hospitality properties, two industrial properties and one office property. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, net interest expense increased 44.8 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the incremental borrowings outstanding. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, loss on extinguishment of debt decreased 6.9 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to the impact of refinancing and disposition activity during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other (Expense) Income 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, other expense decreased 9.9 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 38.4 million in net unrealized loss on our investments in equity securities partially offset by an increase of 26.6 million in provision for income taxes. 

59 

The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands, except per share data): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 2024 2023 Revenues Rental revenue 5,729,865 5,858,533 (128,668) Hospitality revenue 421,153 564,802 (143,649) Other revenue 291,109 324,893 (33,784) Total revenues 6,442,127 6,748,228 (306,101) Expenses Rental property operating 2,754,192 2,747,770 6,422 Hospitality operating 291,754 384,997 (93,243) General and administrative 49,668 51,258 (1,590) Management fee 542,028 643,800 (101,772) Impairment of investments in real estate 232,329 178,667 53,662 Depreciation and amortization 2,650,756 2,915,884 (265,128) Total expenses 6,520,727 6,922,376 (401,649) Other income (expense) (Loss) income from unconsolidated entities (137,195) 380,968 (518,163) Income from investments in real estate debt 610,117 580,948 29,169 Change in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles 160,596 145,183 15,413 (Loss) income from interest rate derivatives 
 (552,650) 257,068 (809,718) Net gain on dispositions of real estate 1,271,414 1,775,016 (503,602) Interest expense, net (2,542,584) (2,336,050) (206,534) Loss on extinguishment of debt (71,660) (35,025) (36,635) Other income (expense) 
 (19,241) (60,844) 41,603 Total other income (expense) (1,281,203) 707,264 (1,988,467) Net (loss) income (1,359,803) 533,116 (1,892,919) Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures 
 31,685 243,700 (212,015) Net loss (income) attributable to non-controlling interests in BREIT OP unitholders 70,547 (34,643) 105,190 Net (loss) income attributable to BREIT stockholders (1,257,571) 742,173 (1,999,744) Net (loss) income per share of common stock basic and diluted (0.33) 0.16 (0.49) 
 Rental Revenue 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, rental revenue decreased 128.7 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease can primarily be attributed to a 385.7 million decrease in Non-Same Property revenues due to the real estate dispositions from January 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024, partially offset by a 257.0 million increase in Same Property revenues. See Same Property NOI section for further details of the increase in Same Property revenues. 
 Hospitality Revenue 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, hospitality revenue decreased 143.6 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease can primarily be attributed to a 153.0 million decrease in Non-Same Property revenues due to the real estate dispositions from January 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024, partially offset by a 9.4 million increase in Same Property revenues. See Same Property NOI section for further details of the increase in Same Property revenues. 
 Other Revenue 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other revenue decreased 33.8 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease can primarily be attributed to an 30.9 million decrease in Non-Same Property revenues due to the real estate dispositions from January 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024 and a 2.9 million decrease in Same Property revenues. See Same Property NOI section for further details of the decrease in Same Property revenues. 
 60 

Rental Property Operating Expenses 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, rental property operating expenses increased 6.4 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase can primarily be attributed to a 93.8 million increase in Same Property operating expenses, partially offset by a 87.4 million decrease in Non-Same Property operating expenses due to the real estate dispositions from January 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024. See Same Property NOI section for further details of the increase in Same Property operating expenses. 
 Hospitality Operating Expenses 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, hospitality operating expenses decreased 93.2 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease can primarily be attributed to a 103.8 million decrease in Non-Same Property expenses due to the real estate dispositions we made from January 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024, partially offset by a 10.6 million increase in Same Property operating expenses. See Same Property NOI section for further details of the increase in Same Property hospitality operating expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.6 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease in various corporate level expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Management Fee 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the management fee decreased 101.8 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a lower average NAV during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Impairment of Investments in Real Estate 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, impairments of investments in real estate increased 53.7 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an aggregate 232.3 million of impairment charges including (i) 133.0 million related to certain properties as a result of updates to the undiscounted cash flow assumptions to account for a shorter hold period, and (ii) 99.3 million related to certain held-for-sale real estate investments where their GAAP carrying amount exceeded their fair value, less estimated closing costs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized an aggregate 178.7 million of impairment charges including (i) 166.2 million related to certain properties as a result of updates to the undiscounted cash flow assumptions to account for a shorter hold period, and (ii) 12.5 million related to certain held-for-sale real estate investments where their GAAP carrying amount exceeded their fair value, less estimated closing costs. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization decreased 265.1 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by the impact of disposition activity from January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024 and the full amortization of certain intangible assets. 
 (Loss) Income from Unconsolidated Entities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, (loss) income from unconsolidated entities decreased 518.2 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 430.4 million realized gain on the sale of MGM Grand Las Vegas Mandalay Bay during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and a decrease of 55.6 million related to the change in the fair value of unconsolidated entities carried at fair value. 
 Income from Investments in Real Estate Debt 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , income from investments in real estate debt increased 29.2 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 88.1 million in net unrealized/realized gains on our investments in real estate debt and related derivatives, offset by decreases in interest income of 48.1 million. 
 61 

Change in Net Assets of Consolidated Securitization Vehicles 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles increased 15.4 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 20.9 million in net unrealized/realized gains, offset by decreases in interest income of 5.5 million due to a decrease in principal value of our net investments in these securitization vehicles. 
 (Loss) Income from Interest Rate Derivatives 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, income from interest rate derivatives decreased 809.7 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in the fair value of derivatives. 
 Net Gain on Dispositions of Real Estate 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net gain on dispositions of real estate decreased 503.6 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded 1.3 billion of net gains from the disposition of 106 rental housing properties, 34 industrial properties, and 13 retail properties and two hospitality properties. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded 1.8 billion of net gains from the disposition of 128 self storage properties, 93 rental housing properties, 14 industrial properties, 14 hospitality properties four retail properties and one office property. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net interest expense increased 206.5 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the incremental borrowings outstanding. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, loss on extinguishment of debt increased 36.6 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the impact of refinancing and disposition activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other expense decreased 41.6 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to an increase of 74.3 million in net realized gains on our investments in equity securities partially offset by an increase of 26.6 million in provision for income taxes. 
 
 62 

Same Property NOI 
 Net Operating Income NOI is a supplemental non-GAAP measure of our property operating results that we believe is meaningful because it enables management to evaluate the impact of occupancy, rents, leasing activity, and other controllable property operating results at our real estate. We define NOI as operating revenues less operating expenses, which exclude (i) impairment of investments in real estate, (ii) depreciation and amortization, (iii) straight-line rental income and expense, (iv) amortization of above- and below-market lease intangibles, (v) amortization of accumulated unrealized gains on derivatives previously recognized in other comprehensive income, (vi) lease termination fees, (vii) property expenses not core to the operations of such properties, and (viii) other non-property related revenue and expense items such as (a) general and administrative expenses, (b) management fee, (c) performance participation allocation, (d) incentive compensation awards, (e) income (loss) from investments in real estate debt, (f) change in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles, (g) income (loss) from interest rate derivatives, (h) net gain on dispositions of real estate, (i) interest expense, net, (j) loss on extinguishment of debt, (k) other income (expense), and (l) similar adjustments for NOI attributable to non-controlling interests and unconsolidated entities. 
 We evaluate our consolidated results of operations on a Same Property basis, which allows us to analyze our property operating results excluding acquisitions and dispositions during the periods under comparison. Properties in our portfolio are considered Same Property if they were owned for the full periods presented, otherwise they are considered Non-Same Property. Recently developed properties are not included in Same Property results until the properties have achieved stabilization for both full periods presented. We define stabilization for the property as the earlier of (i) achieving 90 occupancy, (ii) 12 months after receiving a certificate of occupancy, or (iii) for Data Centers, 12 months after receiving a certificate of occupancy and greater than 50 of its critical IT capacity has been built. Certain assets are excluded from Same Property results and are considered Non-Same Property, including (i) properties held-for-sale, (ii) properties that are being redeveloped, (iii) properties identified for future sale, and (iv) interests in unconsolidated entities under contract for sale with hard deposit or other factors ensuring the buyer s performance. We do not consider our investments in the real estate debt segment or equity securities to be Same Property. 
 Same Property NOI assists in eliminating disparities in net income due to the acquisition, disposition, development, or redevelopment of properties during the periods presented, and therefore we believe it provides a meaningful performance measure for the comparison of the operating performance of our properties, which we believe is useful to investors. Our Same Property NOI may not be comparable to that of other companies and should not be considered to be more relevant or accurate in evaluating our operating performance than our GAAP net income (loss). 
 
 63 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, our Same Property portfolio consisted of 937 rental housing, 3,071 industrial, two net lease, 35 data centers, 245 hotel, 79 self storage, 65 retail, and 14 office properties. The following table reconciles GAAP net (loss) income to Same Property NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 2024 2023 Net (loss) income (607,726) 516,627 (1,124,353) Adjustments to reconcile to Same Property NOI General and administrative 15,368 16,960 (1,592) Management fee 174,252 209,297 (35,045) Impairment of investments in real estate 48,571 60,952 (12,381) Depreciation and amortization 848,214 928,863 (80,649) Loss (income) from unconsolidated entities 74,839 153,656 (78,817) Income from investments in real estate debt (184,849) (192,145) 7,296 Change in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles (44,170) (53,244) 9,074 Loss (income) from interest rate derivatives 815,212 (410,655) 1,225,867 Net gain on dispositions of real estate (988,970) (985,189) (3,781) Interest expense, net 853,014 808,169 44,845 Loss on extinguishment of debt 19,608 26,484 (6,876) Other expense (income) 35,408 45,302 (9,894) Non-core property expenses 210,178 171,314 38,864 Incentive compensation awards (1) 
 20,877 20,575 302 Lease termination fees (4,186) (1,321) (2,865) Amortization of above and below-market lease intangibles (11,048) (17,016) 5,968 Straight-line rental income and expense (36,023) (42,771) 6,748 NOI from unconsolidated entities 218,770 206,616 12,154 NOI attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures (102,250) (100,176) (2,074) NOI attributable to BREIT stockholders 1,355,089 1,362,298 (7,209) Less: Non-Same Property NOI attributable to BREIT stockholders 119,657 182,433 (62,776) Same Property NOI attributable to BREIT stockholders 1,235,432 1,179,865 55,567 
 (1) Included in rental property operating and hospitality operating expense on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The following table details the components of Same Property NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 2024 2023 Same Property NOI Rental revenue 1,708,029 1,637,338 70,691 4 Hospitality revenue 133,523 129,752 3,771 3 Other revenue 67,681 68,557 (876) (1) Total revenues 1,909,233 1,835,647 73,586 4 Rental property operating 663,218 639,935 23,283 4 Hospitality operating 88,560 87,474 1,086 1 Total expenses 751,778 727,409 24,369 3 Same Property NOI attributable to non-controlling interests in third party joint ventures (92,545) (88,457) (4,088) 5 Consolidated Same Property NOI attributable to BREIT stockholders 1,064,910 1,019,781 45,129 4 Same Property NOI from unconsolidated entities 170,522 160,084 10,438 7 Same Property NOI attributable to BREIT stockholders 1,235,432 1,179,865 55,567 5 
 64 

Same Property Rental Revenue 
 Same Property rental revenue increased 70.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to a 55.5 million increase in base rental revenue, a 10.0 million increase in tenant reimbursement income, and a 5.2 million decrease in our bad debt reserve. Our bad debt reserve represents the amount of rental revenue we anticipate we will not be able to collect from our tenants. 
 The following table details the changes in base rental revenue period over period in thousands): 
 Change 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change in Base Rental Revenue Change in Occupancy Rate Change in Average Effective Annual Base Rent Per Leased Square Foot/Unit 2024 2023 Rental Housing 1,106,978 1,067,653 39,325 +4 Industrial 252,890 241,025 11,865 (4) +9 Net Lease 118,319 115,999 2,320 +2 Retail 37,196 35,389 1,807 +1 +5 Office 32,605 31,897 708 +2 Self Storage 17,244 17,947 (703) (5) +1 Data Centers 10,120 9,954 166 +2 Total base rental revenue 1,575,352 1,519,864 55,488 
 Same Property Hospitality Revenue 
 Same Property hospitality revenue increased 3.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in hospitality revenue was primarily due to an increase in occupancy and food and beverage revenue at our hotels during three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Same Property Other Revenue 
 Same Property other revenue decreased 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to decreased ancillary income at our rental housing and industrial properties during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Same Property Rental Property Operating Expenses 
 Same Property rental property operating expenses increased 23.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in rental property operating expenses was primarily the result of increased insurance, real estate taxes, and general operating expenses at our rental housing properties during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Same Property Hospitality Operating Expenses 
 Same Property hospitality operating expenses increased 1.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in hospitality operating expenses was primarily the result of increased insurance expense, food and beverage expense, and general operating expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 65 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our Same Property portfolio consisted of 925 rental housing, 3,065 industrial, two net lease, 33 data centers, 245 hotel, 79 self storage, 65 retail, and 14 office properties. The following table reconciles GAAP net (loss) income to Same Property NOI for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 2024 2023 Net (loss) income (1,359,803) 533,116 (1,892,919) Adjustments to reconcile to Same Property NOI General and administrative 49,668 51,258 (1,590) Management fee 542,028 643,800 (101,772) Impairment of investments in real estate 232,329 178,667 53,662 Depreciation and amortization 2,650,756 2,915,884 (265,128) Loss (income) from unconsolidated entities 137,195 (380,968) 518,163 Income from investments in real estate debt (610,117) (580,948) (29,169) Change in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles (160,596) (145,183) (15,413) Loss (income) from interest rate derivatives 552,650 (257,068) 809,718 Net gain on dispositions of real estate (1,271,414) (1,775,016) 503,602 Interest expense, net 2,542,584 2,336,050 206,534 Loss on extinguishment of debt 71,660 35,025 36,635 Other (income) expense 19,241 60,844 (41,603) Non-core property expenses 509,671 499,506 10,165 Incentive compensation awards (1) 
 57,579 34,461 23,118 Lease termination fees (6,535) (3,591) (2,944) Amortization of above and below-market lease intangibles (35,431) (48,844) 13,413 Straight-line rental income and expense (115,094) (131,528) 16,434 NOI from unconsolidated entities 625,914 599,776 26,138 NOI attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated joint ventures (342,863) (321,221) (21,642) NOI attributable to BREIT stockholders 4,089,422 4,244,020 (154,598) Less: Non-Same Property NOI attributable to BREIT stockholders 375,660 683,433 (307,773) Same Property NOI attributable to BREIT stockholders 3,713,762 3,560,587 153,175 
 (1) Included in rental property operating and hospitality operating expense on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The following table details the components of Same Property NOI for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 2024 2023 Same Property NOI Rental revenue 5,126,556 4,869,564 256,992 5 Hospitality revenue 408,177 398,794 9,383 2 Other revenue 183,003 185,937 (2,934) (2) Total revenues 5,717,736 5,454,295 263,441 5 Rental property operating 1,902,335 1,808,486 93,849 5 Hospitality operating 266,692 256,125 10,567 4 Total expenses 2,169,027 2,064,611 104,416 5 Same Property NOI attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated joint ventures 
 (313,793) (294,795) (18,998) 6 Consolidated Same Property NOI attributable to BREIT stockholders 
 3,234,916 3,094,889 140,027 5 Same Property NOI from unconsolidated entities 
 478,846 465,698 13,148 3 Same Property NOI attributable to BREIT stockholders 3,713,762 3,560,587 153,175 4 
 66 

Same Property Rental Revenue 
 Same Property rental revenue increased 257.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due to a 184.4 million increase in base rental revenue, a 38.6 million increase in tenant reimbursement income as a result of higher operating expenses, and a 34.0 million decrease in our bad debt reserve. Our bad debt reserve represents the amount of rental revenue we anticipate we will not be able to collect from our tenants. 
 The following table details the changes in base rental revenue period over period in thousands): (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 Change in Base Rental Revenue Change in Occupancy Rate Change in Average Effective Annual Base Rent Per Leased Square Foot/Unit 2024 2023 Rental Housing 3,318,289 3,189,402 128,887 +4 Industrial 748,807 706,307 42,500 (2) +8 Net Lease 353,257 346,330 6,927 +2 Retail 111,593 105,990 5,603 +1 +4 Office 97,700 95,112 2,588 +3 Self Storage 50,912 53,379 (2,467) (5) Data Centers 30,097 29,752 345 +1 Total base rental revenue 4,710,655 4,526,272 184,383 
 (1) Excludes our investments in unconsolidated entities. 
 Same Property Hospitality Revenue 
 Same Property hospitality revenue increased 9.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in hospitality revenue was primarily due to an increase in occupancy and food and beverage revenue at our hotels during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Same Property Other Revenue 
 Same Property other revenue decreased 2.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to decreased ancillary income at our rental housing and industrial properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Same Property Rental Property Operating Expenses 
 Same Property rental property operating expenses increased 93.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in rental property operating expenses was primarily the result of increased insurance, real estate taxes, and general operating expenses at our rental housing properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Same Property Hospitality Operating Expenses 
 Same Property hospitality operating expenses increased 10.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in hospitality operating expenses was primarily the result of increased insurance, food and beverage expense, and other operating expenses at our hotels during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 67 

Funds from Operations, Adjusted Funds from Operations and Funds Available for Distribution 
 We believe Funds from Operations FFO is a meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. Our condensed consolidated financial statements are presented using historical cost accounting which, among other things, requires depreciation of real estate investments. As a result, our operating results imply that the value of our real estate investments have decreased over time. However, we believe that the value of our real estate investments will fluctuate over time based on market conditions and, as such, depreciation under historical cost accounting may be less informative as a measure of our performance. FFO is an operating measure defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT that is broadly used in the REIT industry. FFO, as defined by NAREIT and presented below, is calculated as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding (i) depreciation and amortization, (ii) impairment of investments in real estate, (iii) net gains or losses from sales of real estate, (iv) net gains or losses from change in control, and (v) similar adjustments for non-controlling interests and unconsolidated entities. 
 We also believe that Adjusted FFO AFFO is an additional meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. AFFO further adjusts FFO to reflect the performance of our portfolio by adjusting for items we believe are not directly attributable to our operations. Our adjustments to FFO to arrive at AFFO include removing the impact of (i) the performance participation allocation to our Special Limited Partner or other incentive compensation awards that are based on our Net Asset Value, which includes unrealized gains and losses not recorded in GAAP net income (loss), and that are paid in shares or BREIT OP units, even if subsequently repurchased by us, (ii) gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, (iii) changes in fair value of financial instruments, (iv) amortization of accumulated unrealized gains on derivatives previously recognized in other comprehensive income, (v) straight-line rental income and expense, (vi) amortization of deferred financing costs, (vii) amortization of restricted stock awards, (viii) amortization of mortgage premium/discount, (ix) organization costs, (x) severance costs, (xi) net forfeited investment deposits, (xii) amortization of above- and below-market lease intangibles, (xiii) gain or loss on involuntary conversion, and adding (xiv) proceeds from interest rate contract receivables, and (xv) similar adjustments for non-controlling interests and unconsolidated entities. 
 We also believe that Funds Available for Distribution FAD is an additional meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. FAD provides useful information for considering our operating results and certain other items relative to the amount of our distributions. Further, FAD is a metric, among others, that is considered by our board of directors and executive officers when determining the amount of our dividend to stockholders, and we believe is therefore meaningful to stockholders. FAD is calculated as AFFO adjusted for (i) management fees paid in shares or BREIT OP units, even if subsequently repurchased by us, (ii) recurring tenant improvements, leasing commissions, and other capital expenditures, (iii) stockholder servicing fees paid during the period, (iv) realized gains or losses on financial instruments, and (v) similar adjustments for non-controlling interests and unconsolidated entities. FAD is not indicative of cash available to fund our cash needs and does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, as FAD is adjusted for stockholder servicing fees and recurring tenant improvements, leasing commission, and other capital expenditures, which are not considered when determining cash flows from operations. Furthermore, FAD excludes (i) adjustments for working capital items and (ii) amortization of discounts and premiums on investments in real estate debt. Cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP would generally be adjusted for such items. 
 FFO, AFFO, and FAD should not be considered more relevant or accurate than GAAP net income (loss) in evaluating our operating performance. In addition, FFO, AFFO, and FAD should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) as indications of our performance or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities as indications of our liquidity, but rather should be reviewed in conjunction with these and other GAAP measurements. Further, FFO, AFFO, and FAD are not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, our methodology for calculating AFFO and FAD may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar supplemental performance measures, and accordingly, our reported AFFO and FAD may not be comparable to the AFFO and FAD reported by other companies. 
 68 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net (loss) income attributable to BREIT stockholders to FFO, AFFO and FAD attributable to BREIT stockholders in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income attributable to BREIT stockholders (606,059) 588,294 (1,257,571) 742,173 Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Depreciation and amortization 940,297 1,016,398 2,929,617 3,170,608 Impairment of investments in real estate 48,571 60,952 232,464 178,667 Net gain on dispositions of real estate (993,911) (981,995) (1,298,579) (2,232,530) Net (gain) loss on change in control (16,299) 13,288 3,932 Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments 
 14,300 (95,200) (228,178) (293,887) FFO attributable to BREIT stockholders (613,101) 588,449 391,041 1,568,963 Adjustments to arrive at AFFO: Incentive compensation awards 22,829 20,295 51,916 38,571 Loss on extinguishment of debt 19,919 26,484 74,933 35,025 Changes in fair value of financial instruments (1) 
 796,446 (6,348) 432,567 (97,433) Straight-line rental income and expense (51,314) (54,496) (143,109) (156,600) Amortization of deferred financing costs 68,723 63,791 193,619 189,244 Amortization of restricted stock awards 24,881 10,370 65,989 24,990 Proceeds from interest rate contract receivables 
 15,941 15,941 Other 
 37,932 (2,792) 29,358 1,285 Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments 
 (53,413) 15,061 (33,754) 17,364 AFFO attributable to BREIT stockholders 252,902 676,755 1,062,560 1,637,350 Adjustments to arrive at FAD: Management fee 174,252 209,297 542,028 643,800 Recurring tenant improvements, leasing commissions, and other capital expenditures (2) 
 (202,676) (201,706) (488,749) (471,737) Stockholder servicing fees (43,455) (52,279) (134,721) (158,164) Realized losses (gains) on financial instruments (1) 
 7,268 (287,176) (93,600) (305,473) Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments 
 8,233 3,427 9,344 1,855 FAD attributable to BREIT stockholders 196,524 348,318 896,862 1,347,631 
 (1) Unrealized (gains) losses from changes in fair value of financial instruments primarily relates to mark-to-market changes on our investments in real estate debt, change in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles, investments in equity securities, and derivatives. Realized (gains) losses on financial instruments primarily results from the sale of our investments in real estate debt and equity securities, and derivatives. 
 (2) Recurring tenant improvements and leasing commissions are generally related to second-generation leases and other capital expenditures required to maintain our investments. Other capital expenditures exclude projects that we believe will enhance the value of our investments. 
 69 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net (loss) income attributable to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders to FFO, AFFO and FAD attributable to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income attributable to BREIT stockholders (606,059) 588,294 (1,257,571) 742,173 Net (loss) income attributable to OP unitholders 
 (39,041) 28,420 (70,547) 34,643 Net (loss) income attributable to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders 
 (645,100) 616,714 (1,328,118) 776,816 Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Depreciation and amortization 940,297 1,016,398 2,929,617 3,170,608 Impairment of investments in real estate 48,571 60,952 232,464 178,667 Net gain on dispositions of real estate (993,911) (981,995) (1,298,579) (2,232,530) Net (gain) loss on change in control (16,299) 13,288 3,932 Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments 
 9,387 (100,292) (160,655) (281,451) FFO attributable to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders 
 (657,055) 611,777 388,017 1,616,042 Adjustments to arrive at AFFO: Incentive compensation awards 22,829 20,295 51,916 38,571 Loss on extinguishment of debt 19,919 26,484 74,933 35,025 Changes in fair value of financial instruments (1) 
 796,446 (6,348) 432,567 (97,433) Straight-line rental income and expense (51,314) (54,496) (143,109) (156,600) Amortization of deferred financing costs 68,723 63,791 193,619 189,244 Amortization of restricted stock awards 24,881 10,370 65,989 24,990 Proceeds from interest rate contract receivables 
 15,941 15,941 Other 
 37,932 (2,792) 29,358 1,285 Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments 
 4,068 1,718 14,777 4,849 AFFO attributable to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders 
 266,429 686,740 1,108,067 1,671,914 Adjustments to arrive at FAD: Management fee 174,252 209,297 542,028 643,800 Recurring tenant improvements, leasing commissions, and other capital expenditures (2) 
 (202,676) (201,706) (488,749) (471,737) Stockholder servicing fees (43,455) (52,279) (134,721) (158,164) Realized losses (gains) on financial instruments (1) 
 7,268 (287,176) (93,600) (305,473) Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments 
 11,627 7,908 21,392 13,979 FAD attributable to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders 
 213,445 362,784 954,417 1,394,319 
 (1) Unrealized (gains) losses from changes in fair value of financial instruments primarily relates to mark-to-market changes on our investments in real estate debt, change in net assets of consolidated securitization vehicles, investments in equity securities, and derivatives. Realized (gains) losses on financial instruments primarily results from the sale of our investments in real estate debt and equity securities, and derivatives. 
 (2) Recurring tenant improvements and leasing commissions are generally related to second-generation leases and other capital expenditures required to maintain our investments. Other capital expenditures exclude projects that we believe will enhance the value of our investments. 
 70 

Net Asset Value 
 Our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, has adopted valuation guidelines that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used by our Adviser in connection with our NAV calculation. These guidelines are designed to produce a fair and accurate estimate of the price that would be received for our investments in an arm s-length transaction between a willing buyer and a willing seller in possession of all material information about our investments. 
 The calculation of our NAV is intended to be a calculation of the fair value of our assets less our outstanding liabilities as described below and will likely differ materially from the book value of our equity reflected in our financial statements. As a public company, we are required to issue financial statements based on historical cost determined in accordance with GAAP. To calculate our NAV for the purpose of establishing a purchase and repurchase price for our shares, we have adopted a model, as explained below, that adjusts the value of our assets and liabilities from historical cost to fair value generally in accordance with the GAAP principles set forth in FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements. Our Adviser will calculate the fair value of our real estate properties monthly based in part on values provided by third party independent appraisers and such calculation will be reviewed by an independent valuation advisor as further discussed below. 
 Because these fair value calculations involve significant professional judgment in the application of both observable and unobservable attributes, the calculated fair value of our assets may differ from their actual realizable value or future fair value. While we believe our NAV calculation methodologies are consistent with standard industry practices, there is no rule or regulation that requires us to calculate NAV in a certain way. As a result, other public REITs may use different methodologies or assumptions to determine NAV. In addition, NAV is not a measure determined under GAAP and the valuations of, and certain adjustments made to, our assets and liabilities used in the determination of NAV will differ materially from comparable historical cost amounts determined in accordance with GAAP. You should not consider NAV to be equivalent to stockholders equity or any other measure determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following valuation methods are used for purposes of calculating the significant components of our NAV: 
 Consolidated properties are initially valued at cost, which we expect to represent fair value at the time of acquisition. Subsequently, consolidated properties are primarily valued using the discounted cash flow methodology (income approach), whereby a property s value is calculated by discounting the estimated cash flows and the anticipated terminal value of the subject property by the assumed new buyer s normalized weighted average cost of capital for the subject property. Consistent with industry practices, the income approach also incorporates subjective judgments regarding comparable rental and operating expense data, capitalization or discount rate, and projections of future rent and expenses based on appropriate evidence as well as the residual value of the asset as components in determining value. Other methodologies that may also be used to value properties include sales comparisons and replacement cost approaches. We believe the discount rate and exit capitalization rate are the key assumptions utilized in the discounted cash flow methodology. Below the tables that set forth our NAV calculation is a sensitivity analysis of the weighted average discount rates and exit capitalization rates for our property investments. 
 Investments in real estate debt consist of CMBS and RMBS, which are securities backed by one or more mortgage loans secured by real estate assets, as well as corporate bonds, term loans, mortgage loans, mezzanine loans, and other investments in debt issued by real estate-related companies or secured by real estate assets. The Company generally determines the fair value of its investments in real estate debt by utilizing third party pricing service providers whenever available. In determining the fair value of a particular investment, pricing service providers may use broker-dealer quotations, reported trades or valuation estimates from their internal pricing models to determine the reported price. The pricing service providers internal models for securities such as real estate debt generally consider the attributes applicable to a particular class of the security (e.g., credit rating, seniority), current market data, and estimated cash flows for each security, and incorporate specific collateral performance, as applicable. Certain of the Company s investments in real estate debt, such as mortgage loans, mezzanine loans and other investments, are unlikely to have readily available market quotations. In such cases, the Company will generally determine the initial value based on the acquisition price of such investment if acquired by the Company or the par value of such investment if originated by the Company. Following the initial measurements, the Company engaged third party service providers to perform valuations for such investments. The service providers will determine fair value by utilizing or reviewing certain of the following (i) market yield data, (ii) discounted cash flow modeling, (iii) collateral asset performance, (iv) local or macro real estate performance, (v) capital market conditions, (vi) debt yield or loan-to-value ratios, and (vii) borrower financial condition and performance. Refer to Fair Value Measurements section of Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on the Company s investments in real estate debt. 
 71 

The Company separately values the assets and liabilities of the investments in unconsolidated entities. To determine the fair value of the real estate assets of the investments in unconsolidated entities, the Company utilizes a discounted cash flow methodology or market comparable methodology, taking into consideration various factors including discount rate, exit capitalization rate and multiples of comparable companies. The Company utilizes third party service providers to perform valuations of the indebtedness of the investments in unconsolidated entities. The fair value of the indebtedness of the investments in unconsolidated entities is determined by modeling the cash flows required by the debt agreements and discounting them back to the present value using weighted average cost of capital. Additionally, current market rates and conditions are considered by evaluating similar borrowing agreements with comparable loan-to-value ratios and credit profiles. After the fair value of the assets and liabilities are determined, the Company applies its ownership interest to the net asset value and reflects this amount as its investments in unconsolidated entities at fair value. 
 Mortgage loans, secured term loans, secured revolving credit facilities, secured financings on investments in real estate debt, and unsecured revolving credit facilities are estimated by modeling the cash flows required by the Company s debt agreements and discounting them back to the present value using an estimated market yield. Additionally, current market rates and conditions are considered by evaluating similar borrowing agreements with comparable loan-to-value ratios and credit profiles. The Company utilizes third party service providers to perform these valuations. 
 NAV and NAV Per Share Calculation 
 Each share class has an undivided interest in our assets and liabilities, other than class-specific stockholder servicing fees. In accordance with the valuation guidelines, our NAV per share for each share class as of the last calendar day of each month is calculated using a process that reflects several components, including the estimated fair value of (1) each of our properties, (2) our investments in real estate debt, (3) our investments in unconsolidated entities, (4) our mortgage loans, secured term loans, secured revolving credit facilities, secured financings on investments in real estate debt, and unsecured revolving credit facilities, and (5) our other assets and liabilities. 
 At the end of each month, our change in NAV for each share class is calculated as follows: 
 Shares are issued for subscriptions received and distribution reinvestments to each respective share class, as applicable, and are effective on the first day of each month. The proceeds received through subscriptions and distribution reinvestments for each share class are additions to the prior month ending aggregate NAV for each respective share class (including OP units). Additionally, the NAV of each share class is reduced by the respective repurchases for such month. The result represents the aggregate NAV per share class effective as of the first calendar day of the current month. 
 Any change in our aggregate NAV (whether an increase or decrease) is allocated among each class of shares (including OP units) based on each class s relative percentage of the total aggregate NAV effective on the first calendar day of the current month (as described in the previous bullet). Changes in our aggregate NAV include, but are not limited to, net portfolio income from investments, interest expense, realized and unrealized net real estate and debt appreciation, general and administrative expenses, management fee and performance participation allocation. Unrealized net real estate appreciation includes any change in the fair market value of our investments in real estate, investments in real estate debt, investments in unconsolidated entities, mortgage loans, term loans, revolving credit facilities and secured financings in real estate debt. 
 Net distributions are typically declared on the last day of each month and are a reduction to the NAV of each respective share class. As a result of the allocation of stockholder servicing fees, the net distributions per share will differ by share class. The monthly stockholder servicing fee is calculated as a percentage of each applicable class of shares NAV (Class S, Class T, and Class D). Class I, Class C, and Class F shares are not subject to the stockholder servicing fee. 
 NAV per share for each class is calculated by dividing such class s NAV at the end of each month by the number of shares outstanding for that class at the end of such month. 
 Please refer to Net Asset Value Calculation and Valuation Guidelines in the prospectus for the Current Offering (as defined below) for further details on how our NAV is determined. 
 72 

Our total NAV presented in the following tables includes the NAV of our Class S, Class I, Class T, Class D, and Class C shares, as well as the partnership interests of BREIT OP held by parties other than the Company. The following table provides a breakdown of the major components of our NAV as of September 30, 2024 and shares/units in thousands): 
 Components of NAV September 30, 2024 Investments in real estate (1) 
 105,028,683 Investments in real estate debt 6,916,313 Investments in unconsolidated entities (2) 
 12,911,154 Cash and cash equivalents 1,477,493 Restricted cash 1,025,441 Other assets 3,652,108 Mortgage loans, term loans, and revolving credit facilities, net (62,285,058) Secured financings of investments in real estate debt (3,816,383) Subscriptions received in advance (143,246) Other liabilities (3,353,473) Accrued performance participation allocation Management fee payable (57,731) Accrued stockholder servicing fees (3) 
 (14,128) Non-controlling interests in joint ventures (6,099,735) Net Asset Value 55,241,438 Number of outstanding shares/units (4) 
 3,967,630 
 (1) Investments in real estate reflects the entire value of our consolidated real estate properties, including the 93.6 billion allocable to us and 11.4 billion allocable to third party joint venture interests in such investments as of September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Investments in unconsolidated entities reflects the value of our net equity investment in entities we do not consolidate. As of September 30, 2024, our allocable share of the gross real estate asset value held by such entities was 24.6 billion. 
 (3) Stockholder servicing fees only apply to Class S, Class T, and Class D shares. For purposes of NAV, we recognize the stockholder servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis as such fee is paid. Under GAAP, we accrue the full cost of the stockholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time we sell Class S, Class T and Class D shares. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has accrued under GAAP 0.7 billion of stockholder servicing fees payable to the Dealer Manager related to the Class S, Class T and Class D shares sold. The Dealer Manager does not retain any of these fees, all of which are retained by, or re-allowed (paid), to participating broker-dealers. 
 (4) As of September 30, 2024, no Class F shares were outstanding. 
 The following table provides a breakdown of our total NAV and NAV per share/unit by class as of September 30, 2024 and shares/units in thousands, except per share/unit data): 
 NAV Per Share Class S Shares Class I Shares Class T Shares Class D Shares Class C Shares Third Party 
 Operating 
 Partnership 
 Units (1) 
 Total Net asset value 18,938,677 30,277,817 640,363 1,919,345 40,132 3,425,104 55,241,438 Number of outstanding shares/units (2) 
 1,359,463 2,172,090 46,722 140,983 2,660 245,712 3,967,630 NAV Per Share/Unit as of September 30, 2024 
 13.9310 13.9395 13.7059 13.6141 15.0850 13.9395 
 (1) Includes the partnership interests of BREIT OP held by BREIT Special Limited Partner, Class B unitholders, and other BREIT OP interests held by parties other than the Company. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024, no Class F shares were outstanding. 
 73 

The following table details the weighted average discount rate and exit capitalization rate by property type, which are the key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuations as of September 30, 2024: 
 Property Type Discount Rate Exit Capitalization Rate Rental Housing 7.3 5.5 Industrial 7.5 5.7 Net Lease 7.0 5.6 Hospitality 10.7 9.1 Data Centers 7.7 6.1 Self Storage 8.0 6.6 Office 7.1 5.3 Retail 7.7 6.3 
 These assumptions are determined by our Adviser, and reviewed by our independent valuation advisor. A change in these assumptions would impact the calculation of the value of our property investments. For example, assuming all else equal, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on our investment values: 
 Input Hypothetical Change Rental Housing Investment Values Industrial Investment Values Net Lease Investment Values Hospitality Investment Values Data Center Investment Values Self Storage Investment Values Office Investment Values Retail Investment Values Discount Rate 0.25 decrease +1.9 +2.0 +1.8 +1.7 +1.0 +1.8 +1.9 +1.9 (weighted average) 0.25 increase (1.8) (1.9) (1.8) (1.6) (0.7) (1.8) (1.9) (1.8) Exit Capitalization Rate 0.25 decrease +2.9 +3.3 +2.7 +1.4 1.1 +2.2 +3.4 +2.5 (weighted average) 0.25 increase (2.7) (3.1) (2.5) (1.4) (1.0) (2.1) (3.1) (2.3) 
 The following table reconciles stockholders equity and BREIT OP partners capital per our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets to our NAV in thousands): September 30, 2024 Stockholders equity 27,832,111 Non-controlling interests attributable to BREIT OP 2,918,812 Redeemable non-controlling interest 15,759 Total BREIT stockholders equity and BREIT OP partners capital under GAAP 30,766,682 Adjustments: Accrued stockholder servicing fees 668,640 Accrued affiliated service provider incentive compensation awards (54,005) Accumulated depreciation and amortization under GAAP 12,936,657 Unrealized net real estate and real estate debt appreciation 10,923,464 NAV 55,241,438 
 74 

The following details the adjustments to reconcile total GAAP stockholders equity of BREIT and partners capital of BREIT OP to our NAV: 
 Accrued stockholder servicing fees represent the accrual for the cost of the stockholder servicing fees for Class S, Class T, and Class D shares. Under GAAP, we accrued the full cost of the stockholder servicing fees payable over the life of each share (assuming such share remains outstanding the length of time required to pay the maximum stockholder servicing fee) as an offering cost at the time we sold the Class S, Class T, and Class D shares. Refer to Note 10 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further details of the GAAP treatment regarding the stockholder servicing fees. For purposes of calculating NAV, we recognize the stockholder servicing fees as a reduction to NAV on a monthly basis when such fees are paid. 
 Under GAAP, the affiliated incentive compensation awards are valued as of grant date and compensation expense is recognized over the service period on a straight-line basis with an offset to equity, resulting in no impact to Stockholders Equity. For purposes of calculating NAV, we value the awards based on performance in the applicable period and deduct such value from NAV. 
 We depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. Such depreciation and amortization is not recorded for purposes of calculating our NAV. 
 Our investments in real estate are presented at their depreciated cost basis in our GAAP condensed consolidated financial statements. Additionally, our mortgage loans, secured and unsecured term loans, secured and unsecured revolving credit facilities, and repurchase agreements (collectively, Debt are presented at their amortized cost basis in our condensed consolidated GAAP financial statements. As such, any increases or decreases in the fair market value of our investments in real estate or our Debt are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of calculating our NAV, our investments in real estate and our Debt are recorded at fair value. 
 75 

Distributions 
 Beginning in March 2017, we have declared monthly distributions for each class of our common stock and OP units, which are generally paid 20 days after month-end. We have paid distributions consecutively each month since that time. Each class of our common stock and OP units received the same aggregate gross distribution of 0.4959 per share/unit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Class C shares currently have no distribution amount presented as the class is generally an accumulating share class whereby its share of income will accrete into its NAV. As of September 30, 2024, there were no Class F shares outstanding. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable stockholder servicing fee, which is deducted from the monthly distribution per share/unit and paid directly to the applicable distributor. The table below details the net distribution for each of our share classes and OP units for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Record Date Class S Shares Class I Shares Class T Shares Class D Shares OP Units 
 January 31, 2024 0.0451 0.0553 0.0452 0.0524 0.0553 February 28, 2024 0.0451 0.0547 0.0453 0.0519 0.0547 March 31, 2024 0.0451 0.0554 0.0453 0.0524 0.0554 April 30, 2024 0.0451 0.0551 0.0453 0.0522 0.0551 May 31, 2024 0.0451 0.0553 0.0452 0.0524 0.0553 June 30, 2024 0.0451 0.0549 0.0452 0.0521 0.0549 July 31, 2024 0.0451 0.0552 0.0453 0.0523 0.0552 August 31, 2024 0.0451 0.0551 0.0452 0.0522 0.0551 September 30, 2024 0.0451 0.0549 0.0453 0.0521 0.0549 Total 0.4059 0.4959 0.4073 0.4700 0.4959 
 The following table summarizes our sources of distributions declared to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Sources of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities (1) 
 1,891,397 100 2,162,288 100 Net gains from investment realizations Indebtedness Total sources of distributions 1,891,397 100 2,162,288 100 Year-to-date cash flows from operating activities 1,632,715 2,135,784 Net gain on dispositions (2) 
 995,575 1,554,857 
 (1) Includes our inception to date cash flows from operating activities, which have funded 100 of our distributions to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders. 
 (2) Net gain on dispositions includes (i) net gains and losses on dispositions of real estate, (ii) net realized gains and losses on sale of investments in real estate debt, and (iii) impairments of investments in real estate, which amounts are not included in cash flows from operating activities. 
 76 

The following table summarizes our distributions declared to BREIT stockholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands): Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 
 Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Payable in cash 941,497 53 1,120,271 54 Reinvested in shares 837,123 47 966,187 46 Total distributions (1) 
 1,778,620 100 2,086,458 100 Funds from Operations (2) 
 391,041 1,568,963 Adjusted Funds from Operations (2) 
 1,062,560 1,637,350 Funds Available for Distribution (2) 
 896,862 1,347,631 
 (1) Excludes cash paid to third party joint venture partners classified as non-controlling interest under GAAP. 
 (2) Reflects amounts allocable to BREIT stockholders. See Funds from Operations, Adjusted Funds from Operations and Funds Available for Distribution above for descriptions of Funds from Operations (FFO), Adjusted Funds from Operations (AFFO), and Funds Available for Distribution (FAD), for reconciliations of them to GAAP net loss attributable to BREIT stockholders, and for considerations on how to review these metrics. 
 The following table summarizes our distributions declared to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Payable in cash 974,149 52 1,160,603 54 Reinvested in shares and units 
 917,248 48 1,001,685 46 Total distributions (1) 
 1,891,397 100 2,162,288 100 Funds from Operations (2) 
 388,017 1,616,042 Adjusted Funds from Operations (2) 
 1,108,067 1,671,914 Funds Available for Distribution (2) 
 954,417 1,394,319 
 (1) Excludes cash paid to third party joint venture partners classified as non-controlling interest under GAAP. 
 (2) Reflects amounts allocable to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders. See Funds from Operations, Adjusted Funds from Operations and Funds Available for Distribution above for descriptions of Funds from Operations (FFO), Adjusted Funds from Operations (AFFO), and Funds Available for Distribution (FAD), for reconciliations of them to GAAP net loss attributable to BREIT stockholders and OP unitholders, and for considerations on how to review these metrics. 
 77 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 
 We believe we have sufficient liquidity to operate our business, with 6.9 billion of liquidity as of November 7, 2024. When we refer to our liquidity, this includes amounts available under our undrawn revolving credit facilities of 5.1 billion as well as unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 1.8 billion. We also expect 0.3 billion of proceeds from dispositions under contract where we have received a non-refundable deposit as of November 7, 2024. We also generate incremental liquidity through our operating cash flows, which were 1.6 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We may also generate incremental liquidity through the sale of our real estate debt investments, which were carried at their estimated fair value of 6.9 billion as of September 30, 2024. In addition, we remain moderately leveraged (49 as of September 30, 2024) and can generate additional liquidity through incurring additional indebtedness secured by our real estate and real estate debt investments, unsecured financings, and other forms of indebtedness. Our leverage ratio is measured by dividing (i) consolidated property-level and entity-level debt net of cash and debt-related restricted cash, by (ii) the asset value of real estate investments (measured using the greater of fair market value and cost) plus the equity in our settled real estate debt investments. Indebtedness incurred (i) in connection with funding a deposit in advance of the closing of an investment or (ii) as other working capital advances will not be included as part of the calculation above. Our leverage ratio would be higher if the indebtedness on our real estate debt investments and pro rata share of debt within our unconsolidated investments were taken into account. 
 In addition to our current liquidity, we obtain incremental liquidity through the sale of shares of our common stock in our continuous public offering and private offerings, and units of BREIT OP, from which we have received cumulative net proceeds of 77.2 billion as of November 7, 2024. 
 78 

Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, our indebtedness included loans secured by our properties, secured financings of our investments in real estate debt, and unsecured revolving credit facilities and term loans. 
 The following table is a summary of our indebtedness as of September 30, 2024 in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 Principal Balance as of Indebtedness Weighted 
 Average 
 Interest Rate (1) 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Maturity Date (2) 
 Maximum Facility Size September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fixed rate loans secured by our properties: Fixed rate mortgages (3) 
 3.8 8/15/2029 N/A 22,283,122 23,872,148 Variable rate loans secured by our properties: Variable rate mortgages and term loans +2.5 11/9/2027 N/A 32,708,839 32,316,849 Variable rate warehouse facilities (4) 
 +2.1 7/30/2025 4,008,497 2,972,009 3,541,543 Variable rate secured revolving credit facilities 
 +1.9 8/19/2027 3,704,708 3,694,691 2,489,784 Total variable rate loans +2.4 8/30/2027 39,375,539 38,348,176 Total loans secured by our properties 6.2 5/15/2028 61,658,661 62,220,324 Secured financings of investments in real estate debt: Secured financings of investments in real estate debt +1.5 10/20/2025 N/A 3,816,383 4,368,269 Unsecured loans: Unsecured term loans +2.5 1/30/2026 N/A 1,126,923 1,126,923 Unsecured variable rate revolving credit facilities +2.5 12/12/2025 6,073,077 510,000 Affiliate revolving credit facility +2.5 1/24/2025 75,000 Total unsecured loans 6,148,077 1,636,923 1,126,923 Total indebtedness 67,111,967 67,715,516 
 
 (1) + refers to the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include SOFR, Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average CORRA ), EURIBOR, and SONIA as applicable to each loan or secured financing. As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional balance of 32.7 billion and interest rate caps with an aggregate notional balance of 11.9 billion that mitigate our exposure to potential future interest rate increases under our floating-rate debt. 
 (2) Weighted average maturity assumes maximum maturity date, including any extensions, where the Company, at its sole discretion, has one or more extension options. 
 (3) Includes 293.8 million and 293.3 million of loans related to investments in affordable housing properties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Such loans are generally from municipalities, housing authorities, and other third parties administered through government sponsored affordable housing programs. Certain of these loans may be forgiven if specific affordable housing conditions are maintained. 
 (4) Additional borrowings under the Company's variable rate warehouse facilities require additional collateral, which are subject to lender approval. 
 
 The table above excludes consolidated senior CMBS positions owned by third parties, which are reflected in our consolidated GAAP balance sheets, as these liabilities are non-recourse to us and can only be satisfied by repayment of the collateral loans underlying such securitizations. 
 79 

The following table is a summary of the impact of derivatives on our weighted average interest rate as of September 30, 2024: 
 September 30, 2024 Weighted average interest rate of loans secured by our properties 6.2 Impact of interest rate swaps, caps and other derivatives 
 (1.9) Net weighted average interest rate of loans secured by our properties 4.3 
 We registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), an offering of up to 60.0 billion in shares of common stock, consisting of up to 48.0 billion in shares in its primary offering and up to 12.0 billion in shares pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan, which we began using to offer shares of our common stock in March 2022 (the Current Offering ). 
 
 As of November 8, 2024, we have received cumulative net proceeds of 15.7 billion from selling an aggregate of 1.1 billion shares of our common stock in the Current Offering, including shares converted from operating partnership units by the Special Limited Partner (consisting of 404.4 million Class S shares, 517.3 million Class I shares, 20.9 million Class T shares, and 126.7 million Class D shares). 
 Capital Uses 
 During periods when we are selling more shares than we are repurchasing, we primarily use our capital to acquire our investments, which we also fund with other capital resources. During periods when we are repurchasing more shares than we are selling, we primarily use our capital to fund repurchases. We fulfilled all repurchase requests for the three months ended September 30, 2024. We continue to believe that our current liquidity position is sufficient to meet the needs of our business. 
 In addition, we may have other funding obligations, which we expect to satisfy with the cash flows generated from our investments and our capital resources described above. Such obligations may include distributions to our stockholders, operating expenses, capital expenditures, repayment of indebtedness, and debt service on our outstanding indebtedness. Our operating expenses include, among other things, the management fee we pay to the Adviser and the performance participation allocation that BREIT OP pays to the Special Limited Partner, both of which will impact our liquidity to the extent the Adviser or the Special Limited Partner elects to receive such payments in cash, or subsequently redeem shares or OP units previously issued to them. To date, the Adviser and the Special Limited Partner have both always elected to be paid in a combination of shares and OP units, resulting in a non-cash expense. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides a breakdown of the net change in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Cash flows provided by operating activities 1,632,715 2,135,784 Cash flows provided by investing activities 7,351,429 8,205,853 Cash flows used in financing activities (9,177,060) (9,925,880) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (192,916) 415,757 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities decreased 0.5 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to decreased cash flows from the operations of income from our investments in real estate and of our investments in real estate debt. 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities decreased 0.9 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to (i) a decrease of 1.0 billion in return of capital distributions received from unconsolidated entities, (ii) a decrease of 0.6 billion in proceeds from disposition of real estate and (iii) a decrease of 0.2 billion in other investing activities. This was partially offset by (i) an increase of 0.8 billion in proceeds from the realization of investments in real estate debt securities and (ii) a decrease of 0.2 billion in capital improvements to real estate. 
 Cash flows from financing activities increased 0.7 billion during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to (i) a net increase of 3.9 billion in borrowings and (ii) a decrease of 1.4 billion in repurchases of common stock, offset by a decrease of 4.5 billion in proceeds from issuance of common stock. 
 80 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion concerning recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with 
 GAAP involve significant judgments and assumptions and require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. There have been no material changes to our Critical Accounting Policies, including significant accounting policies that we believe are the most affected by our judgments, estimates, and assumptions, which are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 The following table aggregates our contractual obligations and commitments with payments due subsequent to September 30, 2024 in thousands). 
 Obligations Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Indebtedness (1) 
 77,823,691 11,105,216 40,510,853 14,066,632 12,140,990 Ground leases 2,869,514 40,596 82,098 83,775 2,663,045 Total 80,693,205 11,145,812 40,592,951 14,150,407 14,804,035 
 (1) The allocation of our indebtedness includes both principal and interest payments based on the fully extended maturity date and interest rates in effect at September 30, 2024. The table above excludes consolidated senior CMBS positions owned by third parties, as these liabilities are non-recourse to us and can only be satisfied by repayment of the collateral loans underlying such securitizations. 
 81 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk with respect to our variable rate indebtedness such that an increase in interest rates would result in higher net interest expense. We seek to manage our exposure to interest rate risk by utilizing a mix of fixed and floating rate financings with staggered maturities, and through interest rate hedging agreements to fix or cap a majority of our variable rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance of our variable rate indebtedness was 44.8 billion and consisted of mortgage loans, secured and unsecured term loans, secured and unsecured revolving credit facilities, and secured financings on investments in real estate debt. 
 Certain of our mortgage loans, secured and unsecured term loans, secured and unsecured revolving credit facilities, and secured financings are variable rate and indexed to SOFR, SONIA, EURIBOR, CORRA, and other similar benchmark rates (collectively, the Reference Rates ). We have executed interest rate swaps with an aggregate net notional amount of 32.7 billion and interest rate caps with an aggregate net notional balance of 11.9 billion as of September 30, 2024 to hedge the risk of increasing interest rates. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 25 basis points in each of the Reference Rates would have resulted in increased interest expense of 6.2 million and 18.7 million, respectively, net of the impact of our interest rate swaps and caps. Our exposure to interest rate risk may vary in future periods as the amount and terms of our interest rate hedging agreements change over time as we implement our hedging program. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate Debt We utilize derivatives, which involve numerous risks and Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risk Factors We will face risks associated with hedging transactions for more information on risks associated with our use of derivatives and hedging transactions of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for more information. 
 
 Investments in Real Estate Debt 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held 6.9 billion of investments in real estate debt, which excludes the impact of consolidating the underlying loans that serve as collateral for certain securitizations on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our investments in real estate debt are primarily floating-rate and indexed to the Reference Rates, and as such, exposed to interest rate risk. Our net income will increase or decrease depending on interest rate movements. While we cannot predict factors that may or may not affect interest rates, a decrease of 25 basis points in the Reference Rates would have resulted in a decrease to income from investments in real estate debt of 3.7 million and 11.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 We may also be exposed to market risk with respect to our investments in real estate debt due to changes in the fair value of our investments. We seek to manage our exposure to market risk with respect to our investments in real estate debt by making investments in real estate debt backed by different types of collateral and varying credit ratings. The fair value of our investments may fluctuate, therefore the amount we will realize upon any sale of our investments in real estate debt is unknown. 
 82 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, and summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level to accomplish their objectives of ensuring that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) occurred during our most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 83 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. As of September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 For information regarding factors that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and under the heading Risk Factors in our prospectus dated April 16, 2024, as supplemented. 
 
 84 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act. As described in Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, the Adviser is entitled to an annual management fee payable monthly in cash, shares of common stock, or BREIT OP Units, in each case at the Adviser s election. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Adviser elected to receive its management fee in Class B units of BREIT OP, and we issued 12.5 million Class B units of BREIT OP to the Adviser in satisfaction of the 2024 management fee through August 2024. Additionally, we issued 4.1 million Class B units of BREIT OP to the Adviser in October 2024 in satisfaction of the September 2024 management fee. The issuance of such shares in satisfaction of the management fee was exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2). 
 We have also sold Class I and Class C shares to feeder vehicles created primarily to hold Class I and Class C shares and offer indirect interests in such shares to non-U.S. persons. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we received 97.7 million from selling 6.9 million unregistered Class I and Class C shares to such vehicles. The offer and sale of Class I and Class C shares to the feeder vehicles was exempt from the registration provisions of the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation S thereunder. We intend to use the net proceeds from such sales for the purposes set forth in the prospectus for our offering and in a manner within the investment guidelines approved by our board of directors, who serve as fiduciaries to our stockholders. 
 Share Repurchases 
 Under our Share Repurchase Plan, to the extent we choose to repurchase shares in any particular month, we will only repurchase shares as of the opening of the last calendar day of that month (each such date, a Repurchase Date ). Repurchases will be made at the transaction price in effect on the Repurchase Date (which will generally be equal to our prior month s NAV per share), except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at 98 of the transaction price (the Early Repurchase Deduction subject to certain limited exceptions. Settlements of share repurchases will generally be made within three business days of the Repurchase Date. The Early Repurchase Deduction will not apply to shares acquired through our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 The aggregate NAV of total repurchases of Class S shares, Class I shares, Class T shares, Class D shares, Class C and Class F shares (including repurchases at certain non-U.S. investor access funds primarily created to hold shares of the Company, but excluding any Early Repurchase Deduction applicable to the repurchased shares) is limited to no more than 2 of our aggregate NAV per month (measured using the aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders as of the end of the immediately preceding month) and no more than 5 of our aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV attributable to stockholders as of the end of the immediately preceding three months). For the avoidance of doubt, both of these limits are assessed during each month in a calendar quarter. We have in the past received, and may in the future receive, repurchase requests that exceed the limits under our Share Repurchase Plan, and we have in the past repurchased less than the full amount of shares requested, resulting in the repurchase of shares on a pro rata basis. We fulfilled all repurchase requests for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Should repurchase requests, in our board of directors judgment, place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the Company as a whole, or should our board of directors otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in real properties or other investments rather than repurchasing our shares is in the best interests of the Company as a whole, our board of directors may determine to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased (including relative to the 2 monthly limit and 5 quarterly limit under our Share Repurchase Plan), or none at all. Further, our board of directors has in the past made exceptions to the limitations in our Share Repurchase Plan and may in the future, in certain circumstances, make exceptions to such repurchase limitations (or repurchase fewer shares than such repurchase limitations), or modify or suspend our Share Repurchase Plan if, in its reasonable judgement, it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. In the event that we determine to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares repurchased at the end of the month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis after we have repurchased all shares for which repurchase has been requested due to death, disability or divorce and other limited exceptions. All unsatisfied repurchase requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the Share Repurchase Plan, as applicable. 
 If the transaction price for the applicable month is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed after such date), then no repurchase requests will be accepted for such month and stockholders who wish to have their shares repurchased the following month must resubmit their repurchase requests. 
 85 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares of our common stock in the following amounts: 
 Month of: Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Repurchases as a Percentage of NAV (1) 
 Maximum Number of Shares Pending Repurchase Pursuant to Publicly Announced Plans or Program (2) 
 July 2024 49,013,432 14.08 49,013,432 1.3 August 2024 39,023,786 14.00 39,023,786 1.1 September 2024 33,673,260 13.96 33,673,260 0.9 Total 121,710,478 14.02 121,710,478 3.3 
 (1) Represents aggregate NAV of the shares repurchased under our Share Repurchase Plan over aggregate NAV of all shares outstanding, in each case, based on the NAV as of the last calendar day of the prior month. 
 (2) All repurchase requests under our share repurchase plan were satisfied. 
 
 The Special Limited Partner continues to hold 1,130,555 Class I units in BREIT OP. The redemption of Class I units and Class B units and shares held by the Adviser acquired as payment of the Adviser s management fee are not subject to our Share Repurchase Plan. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 86 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Section 13(r) Disclosure 
 Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, we hereby incorporate by reference herein Exhibit 99.1 of this report, which includes disclosures regarding activities at Mundys S.p.A. (formerly Atlantia S.p.A. ), which may be, or may have been at the time considered to be, an affiliate of Blackstone and, therefore, our affiliate. 
 87 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 3.1 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., dated August 15, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.3 Articles of Amendment of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., dated March 27, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.4 Articles of Amendment of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., dated December 30, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.5 Articles Supplementary Designating Class C Common Stock of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., dated December 30, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.6 
 Articles of Amendment of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., dated May 12, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on May 15, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.7 
 Certificate of Correction of Articles of Amendment of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., dated May 11, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on May 15, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.8 Articles Supplementary of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., dated May 12, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to its Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on May 15, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.9 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed on August 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 99.1 
 Section 13(r) Disclosure 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 88 

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 89 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST, INC. November 8, 2024 /s/ Frank Cohen Date Frank Cohen Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 8, 2024 /s/ Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Date Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) November 8, 2024 /s/ Paul Kolodziej Date Paul Kolodziej Deputy Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 90 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31_1live.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Frank Cohen, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s Frank Cohen Frank Cohen Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31_2live.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Anthony F. Marone, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 
 s Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32_1live.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Frank Cohen, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Frank Cohen Frank Cohen Chief Executive Officer November 8, 2024 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32_2live.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anthony F. Marone, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Anthony F. Marone, Jr. Chief Financial Officer November 8, 2024 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 exhibit991live.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 

Section 13(r) Disclosure 

The disclosure reproduced below was initially included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Blackstone Inc. Blackstone with respect to its fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, in accordance with Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in regard to Mundys S.p.A. (formerly, Atlantia S.p.A.). Mundys S.p.A. may be, or may have been at the time considered to be, an affiliate of Blackstone, and therefore an affiliate of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. BREIT ). BREIT did not independently verify or participate in the preparation of the disclosure reproduced below. 
 
 Blackstone included the following disclosure in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Mundys S.p.A. (formerly Atlantia S.p.A. provided the disclosure reproduced below in connection with activities during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. We have not independently verified or participated in the preparation of this disclosure. 
 
 Disclosure pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Funds affiliated with Blackstone first invested in Mundys S.p.A. on November 18, 2022 in connection with the voluntary public tender offer by Schema Alfa S.p.A. for all of the shares of Mundys S.p.A., pursuant to which such funds obtained a minority non-controlling interest in Mundys S.p.A. Mundys S.p.A. owns and controls Aeroporti di Roma S.p.A. ADR ), an operator of airports in Italy including Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport. Iran Air has historically operated periodic flights to and from Leonardo da Vinci-Fiumicino Airport as authorized, from time to time, by an aviation-related bilateral agreement between Italy and Iran, scheduled in compliance with European Regulation 95 93, and approved by the Italian Civil Aviation Authority. ADR, as airport operator, is under a mandatory obligation to provide airport services to all air carriers (including Iran Air) authorized by the applicable Italian authority. The relevant turnover attributable to these activities (whose consideration is calculated on the basis of general tariffs determined by such independent Italian authority) in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was less than 100,000. Mundys S.p.A. does not track profits specifically attributable to these activities. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 breit-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 breit-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 breit-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 breit-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 breit-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

