<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241204_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1837240_0001837240-24-000226.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6575201</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103266</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1224163</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2022555</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1601943</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1513580</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001837240-24-000226.hdr.sgml : 20241204
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241204162332
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001837240-24-000226
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231230
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241204
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Symbotic Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001837240
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT, NEC [3569]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				981572401
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0928

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40175
		FILM NUMBER:		241526497

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 RESEARCH DRIVE
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01887
		BUSINESS PHONE:		978-284-2800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 RESEARCH DRIVE
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01887

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SVF Investment Corp. 3
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SVF Investment III Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001837240-24-000226.txt : 20241204

10-Q/A
 1
 sym-20231230.htm
 10-Q/A

sym-20231230 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Amendment No. 1) 

(Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ______ to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 
 As of February 5, 2024, the following shares of common stock were outstanding: 
 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share 
 shares of Class V-1 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share 
 shares of Class V-3 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I - Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (As Restated) 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (As Restated) 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023 (As Restated) 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022 (As Restated) 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022 (As Restated) 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Deficit) for the Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022 (As Restated) 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022 (As Restated) 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (As Restated) 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 Part II - Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 36 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 37 
 Signatures 
 38 
 
 i 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These statements include, but are not limited to, our expectations or predictions of future financial or business performance or conditions. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Generally, statements that are not historical facts, including statements concerning our possible or assumed future actions, business strategies, events or results of operations, are forward-looking statements. These statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words believes, estimates, expects, projects, forecasts, may, will, should, seeks, plans, scheduled, anticipates, or intends or similar expressions. 
 Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A include, but are not limited to, statements about our ability to, or expectations that we will: 
 meet the technical requirements of existing or future supply agreements with our customers, including with respect to existing backlog; 
 expand our target customer base and maintain our existing customer base; 
 realize the benefits expected from the GreenBox joint venture and the Commercial Agreement with GreenBox (each as defined herein); 
 anticipate industry trends; 
 maintain and enhance our platform; 
 maintain the listing of the Symbotic Class A Common Stock on NASDAQ; 
 develop, design, and sell systems that are differentiated from those of competitors; 
 execute our research and development strategy; 
 acquire, maintain, protect, and enforce intellectual property; 
 attract, train, and retain effective officers, key employees, or directors; 
 comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business; 
 stay abreast of modified or new laws and regulations applicable to our business; 
 execute our growth strategy; 
 successfully defend litigation; 
 issue equity securities in connection with future transactions; 
 meet future liquidity requirements and, if applicable, comply with restrictive covenants related to long-term indebtedness; 
 timely and effectively remediate any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting; 
 anticipate rapid technological changes; and 
 effectively respond to general economic and business conditions 
 Forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A also include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to: 
 the future performance of our business and operations; 
 expectations regarding revenues, expenses, Adjusted EBITDA and anticipated cash needs; 
 expectations regarding cash flow, liquidity and sources of funding; 
 expectations regarding capital expenditures; 
 the anticipated benefits of Symbotic s leadership structure; 
 the effects of pending and future legislation; 
 business disruption; 
 disruption to the business due to our dependency on certain customers; 
 increasing competition in the warehouse automation industry; 
 any delays in the design, production or launch of our systems and products; 
 iii 

the failure to meet customers' requirements under existing or future contracts or customer's expectations as to price or pricing structure; 
 any defects in new products or enhancements to existing products; and 
 the fluctuation of operating results from period to period due to a number of factors, including the pace of customer adoption of our new products and services and any changes in our product mix that shift too far into lower gross margin products. 
 Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. Certain of these risks are identified and discussed in other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on December 11, 2023. These risk factors will be important to consider in determining future results and should be reviewed in their entirety. These forward-looking statements are expressed in good faith, and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that the events, results or trends identified in these forward-looking statements will occur or be achieved. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding our financial performance, financial position and cash flows as of and for periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management s current expectations and plans relating to the future, and the reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements because of their inherent uncertainty and to appreciate the limited purposes for which they are being used by management. While we believe that the assumptions and expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable based on information currently available to management, there is no assurance that such assumptions and expectations will prove to have been correct. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made and are based on the beliefs, estimates, expectations and opinions of management on that date. We are not under any obligation, and expressly disclaim any obligation, to update, alter or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 In addition to factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 11, 2023, and those identified elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance: failure to realize the benefits expected from adding to Symbotic s base of outsourcing partners and the effects of pending and future legislation. 
 Annualized and estimated numbers are not forecasts and may not reflect actual results. 
 In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A, the terms Symbotic, we, us, and our refer to Symbotic Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

iv 

Table of Contents 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Symbotic Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (As Restated) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 December 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 As Restated ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable Unbilled accounts receivable Inventories Deferred expenses Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Sales tax payable Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Equity: Class A Common Stock, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively 
 Class V-1 Common Stock, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Class V-3 Common Stock, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital - warrants Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity ) Noncontrolling interest ) Total equity ) Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Symbotic Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (As Restated) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share information) 

For the Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 As Restated Revenue: Systems Software maintenance and support Operation services Total revenue Cost of revenue: Systems Software maintenance and support Operation services Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development expenses Selling, general, and administrative expenses Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) Other income, net Loss before income tax ) ) Income tax expense ) ) Net loss ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Loss per share of Class A Common Stock: Basic and Diluted Weighted-average shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding: Basic and Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Symbotic Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (As Restated) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 As Restated Net loss ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Changes in unrealized gain on investments, net of income taxes of for the three months ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022 
 ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Less: other comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Total comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Symbotic Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Deficit) (As Restated) 
 (in thousands, except share information) 

Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 Class A Common Stock Class V-1 Common Stock Class V-3 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital - Warrants Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount As Restated As Restated As Restated As Restated Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) ) Exchange of Class V-1 and V-3 common stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Exercise of warrants ) Balance at December 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended December 24, 2022 Class A Common Stock Class V-1 Common Stock Class V-3 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital - Warrants Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at September 24, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Issuance of common stock under stock plans Exchange of Class V-1 common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance at December 24, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Symbotic Inc. 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (As Restated) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 As Restated Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Foreign currency losses Provision for excess and obsolete inventory Stock-based compensation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Deferred expenses ) ) Other long-term assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Capitalization of internal use software development costs ) Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payment for taxes related to net share settlement of stock-based compensation awards ) Proceeds from exercise of warrants Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of period Non-cash activities: Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Symbotic Inc. 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 

2. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Significant Accounting Policies 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto as of and for the year ended September 30, 2023. Except as noted below, there have been no material changes to the significant accounting policies during the three month period ended December 30, 2023. 
 Restatement of Previously Issued Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Presentation of Restricted Cash 
 
 Restricted cash classified in: Other long-term assets Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 
 Volume of Business 
 The Company has concentration in the volume of purchases it conducts with its suppliers. For the three months ended December 30, 2023, there was one supplier that accounted for greater than 10 of total purchases, and the aggregate purchases amounted to million. For the three months ended December 24, 2022, there was one supplier that accounted for greater than 10 of total purchases, and the aggregate purchases amounted to million. 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 As of the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended March 25, 2023, the market value of the Company s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately million (based on the closing sales price of the Class A common stock on March 24, 2023 of ), and therefore, the Company continues to be classified as an EGC for the current period ended December 30, 2023. 
 
 3. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 ) Total current assets ) Total assets ) Liabilities and Equity Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) Total stockholders' equity ) ) Noncontrolling interest Total equity ) Total liabilities and equity ) 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 ) Total revenue ) Cost of revenue Systems ) Total cost of revenue ) Gross profit ) Operating loss ) ) ) Loss before income tax and equity method investment ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) Loss per share of Class A Common Stock: Basic and Diluted 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Exercise of warrants ) Balance at December 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 
 12 

Table of Contents ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 4. 
 Issuances Exchanges ) Balance at December 30, 2023 
 
 5. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Unbilled accounts receivable Contract liabilities 
 The change in the opening and closing balances of the Company s accounts receivable primarily results from the increase in customer system implementations in the current fiscal year as well as the timing of when customer payments are due. The change in the opening and closing balances of the Company s contract liabilities primarily results from the timing difference between the Company s performance and customer payments. The Company s performance obligations are typically satisfied over time as work is performed. Payment from customers can vary, and is often received in advance of satisfaction of the performance obligations, resulting in a contract liability balance. During the three months ended December 30, 2023, the Company recognized million of the contract liability balance at September 30, 2023, as revenue upon transfer of the products or services to customers. During the three months ended December 24, 2022, the Company recognized million of the contract liability balance at September 24, 2022, as revenue upon transfer of the products or services to customers. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations not delivered, or partially undelivered, at the end of the reporting period. Remaining performance obligations include deferred revenue plus unbilled amounts not yet recorded in deferred revenue. Remaining performance obligation estimates are subject to change and are affected by several factors, including terminations, changes in scope of contracts, periodic revalidation, adjustments for revenue that have not materialized, adjustments for inflation, and adjustments for currency. For contracts with a duration of greater than one year, the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied as of December 30, 2023 was billion, which is primarily comprised of undelivered or partially undelivered Systems under contract, and which a substantial majority relates to undelivered or partially undelivered Systems in connection with the Master Automation Agreement with Walmart Inc. Walmart to implement Systems in all of Walmart s regional distribution centers, and in connection with the Commercial Agreement with GreenBox (as defined below) under which Symbotic will implement its warehouse automation system into GreenBox distribution center locations. The definition of remaining performance obligations excludes those contracts that provide the customer with the right to cancel or terminate the contract without incurring a substantial penalty. The Company expects to recognize approximately of its remaining performance obligations as revenue in the next months, approximately of its remaining performance obligations as revenue within years, and the remaining thereafter, which is dependent on the timing of System installation timelines. The Company does not disclose the value of remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less. 
 Significant Customers 
 For the three months ended December 30, 2023, there was one customer that individually accounted for 10 or more of total revenue, and for the three months ended December 24, 2022, there were two customers that accounted for 10 or more of total revenue. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Customer B n/a Aggregate Percent of Total Revenue 
 
 At December 30, 2023, one customer accounted for over 10 of the Company s accounts receivable balance, and two customers accounted for over 10 of the Company s accounts receivable balance at September 30, 2023. 
 Customer B n/a Aggregate Percent of Total Accounts Receivable 
 The concentration in the volume of business transacted with these customers may lead to a material impact on the Company s results from operations if a total or partial loss of the business relationship were to occur. As of the date of the issuance of these financial statements, the Company is not aware of any specific event or circumstance which would result in a material adverse impact to its results of operations or liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 6. 
 Lease Liabilities: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Fiscal year 2025 Fiscal year 2026 Fiscal year 2027 Fiscal year 2028 and thereafter Total future minimum payments Less: Implied interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 years. Operating cash flows for amounts included in the measurement of the Company s operating lease liabilities were for the three months ended December 30, 2023. 
 
 7. 
 Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 8. 
 Internal use software Leasehold improvements Total property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 For the three months ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022, depreciation expense was million and million, respectively. 
 
 9. 
 million, and for the three months ended December 24, 2022, the Company recorded a current income tax expense of million. The Company incurred a pre-tax loss for the three month period and recorded a full valuation allowance against its domestic deferred tax assets and a partial valuation allowance against its foreign deferred tax assets. The Company incurs state tax expense by Symbotic US at the flow-through entity level and foreign tax expense at its foreign subsidiaries. The effective tax rate for the three months ended December 30, 2023 is ) and differs from the federal statutory income tax rate primarily due to the flow-through entity level taxes and the effect of the valuation allowance against its net federal, state, and foreign deferred income taxes. 
 As of December 30, 2023, the Company continues to conclude that the negative evidence regarding its ability to realize its deferred tax assets outweighs the positive evidence, and the Company has a full valuation allowance against its domestic federal and state net deferred tax assets and a partial valuation allowance against its foreign net deferred tax assets. The Company has a history of cumulative pre-tax losses for the three previous fiscal years which it believes represents significant negative evidence in evaluating whether its deferred tax assets are realizable. Given these cumulative losses, lack of forecast history, the competitive environment, and uncertainty of general economic conditions, the Company does not believe it can rely on projections of future taxable income exclusive of reversing taxable temporary differences to support the realization of its deferred tax assets. In upcoming quarters, the Company will continue to evaluate both the positive and negative evidence surrounding its ability to realize its deferred tax assets. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million. Payments made under the TRA represent payments that otherwise would have been made to taxing authorities in the absence of attributes obtained by the Company as a result of exchanges by its pre-IPO members. Such amounts will be paid only when a cash tax savings is realized as a result of attributes subject to the TRA. That is, payments under the TRA are only expected to be made in periods following the filing of a tax return in which the Company is able to utilize certain tax benefits to reduce its cash taxes paid to a taxing authority. The impact of any changes in the projected obligations under the TRA as a result of changes in the geographic mix of the Company s earnings, changes in tax legislation and tax rates or other factors that may impact the Company s tax savings will be reflected in income or loss before taxes on the consolidated statement of operations in the period in which the change occurs. As of December 30, 2023, TRA liability was recorded based on current projections of future taxable income taking into consideration the Company s full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax asset. 
 
 10. 
 U.S. Treasury securities Total assets 
 The Company had liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023. 
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The fair value of the Company s investments in certain money market funds is their face value and such instruments are classified as Level 1 and are included in cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated balance sheets. At December 30, 2023, Level 2 securities were priced by pricing vendors. These pricing vendors utilize the most recent observable market information in pricing these securities or, if specific prices are not available for these securities, use other observable inputs like market transactions involving identical or comparable securities. 
 million, with unrealized gains of million and unrealized losses, resulting in a fair value of million. As applicable, when making the determination as to whether unrealized losses are other-than-temporary, the Company considers the length of time and extent to which each investment has been in an unrealized loss position, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuers, the issuers credit rating, and the time to maturity. There were cash and cash equivalents related to U.S. Treasury securities with an original maturity of three months or less included in the amortized cost of million . 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 C S aircraft on an as-needed and as-available basis, with no minimum usage being required. As there is no defined period of time stated within these aircraft time-sharing agreements, the Company does not consider these to meet the definition of a lease, and as such, records payments in the period in which the obligation for the payment is incurred. For the three months ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022, the Company incurred expense of million and million, respectively, related to these aircraft time-sharing agreements. 
 Usage of Facility and Employee Services 
 The Company has a license arrangement with C S whereby C S is providing receiving and logistics services for the Company within a C S distribution facility. The arrangement also provides for C S employees assisting with certain of the Company s operations. For the three months ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022, the Company incurred expense of million and million, respectively, related to this arrangement. 
 Customer Contracts 
 The Company has customer contracts with C S relating to systems implementation, software maintenance services and the operations of a warehouse automation system. Revenue of million and million was recognized for the three months ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022, respectively, relating to these customer contracts. There was million accounts receivable due from C S at December 30, 2023, and million accounts receivable due from C S at September 30, 2023. There was million and million of deferred revenue related to contracts with C S at December 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 12. 
 Provision Warranty usage ) ) Balance at end of period 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 and of GreenBox, respectively. On July 23, 2023, GreenBox entered into the Commercial Agreement with Symbotic US with respect to the purchase of Symbotic s automated case handling systems. The Company evaluated for VIEs upon the formation of GreenBox in accordance with ASC 810, Consolidation . The Company holds a variable interest in GreenBox through its equity interest in GreenBox. GreenBox is a VIE resulting from GreenBox s lack of sufficient equity to finance its operations without additional subordinated financial support from both the Company and SoftBank. The consolidation of GreenBox is not required as the Company is not the primary beneficiary of this VIE as it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact GreenBox s economic performance. Such power is conveyed through GreenBox s board of directors and the Company does not have control over GreenBox s board of directors. The Company calculated its maximum exposure to loss while considering its equity investment in the VIE, any amounts owed to the Company for services which may have been provided, net of any unearned revenue commitments from the VIE under the Commercial Agreement, and future funding commitments. As of December 30, 2023, there is carrying value of the VIE as no significant activity had occurred in the period related to the VIE. As of December 30, 2023 the Company does have a maximum exposure to loss as the Company s future funding commitment is less than the revenue commitment from the VIE under the Commercial Agreement. 
 
 14. 
 19 

Table of Contents ) Less: Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest post Business Combination ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Denominator - basic and diluted Weighted-average shares of Class A common shares outstanding Loss per share of Class A common stock - basic and diluted 
 The Company s Class V-1 Common Stock and Class V-3 Common Stock do not participate in the earnings or losses of the Company and are therefore not participating securities. As such, separate presentation of basic and diluted earnings per share of Class V-1 Common Stock and Class V-3 Common Stock under the two-class method has not been presented. 
 The Company uses the treasury stock method and the average market price per share during the period for calculating any potential dilutive effect of the restricted stock units RSUs ), 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP and Warrant Units. The average stock price for the three months ended December 30, 2023 was . For the three months ended December 30, 2023, there were million and million potentially dilutive common stock equivalents related to the RSUs and Warrant Units, respectively. 
 
 15. 
 Employee stock purchase plan Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Effect of stock-based compensation expense on income by line item (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 Cost of revenue, Systems Cost of revenue, Software maintenance and support Cost of revenue, Operation services Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Total stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended December 30, 2023 decreased as compared to the three months ended December 24, 2022 as a result of the issuance of restricted stock to our employees in August 2022 following the Business Combination with application of the graded-vesting method of expense recognition. There was no such grant in the same period of fiscal year 2023. For the three months ended December 30, 2023, the Company capitalized million of stock-based compensation expense to property and equipment related to internal use software projects. There were stock-based compensation costs capitalized for the three months ended December 24, 2022. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, subject to certain vesting conditions. The GreenBox Warrant had a grant date fair value of per unit. The GreenBox Warrant may vest in connection with conditions defined by the terms of the GreenBox Warrant, as GreenBox makes additional expenditures to the Company in connection with the Framework Agreement. There are up to tranches based on increments of expenditures where approximately additional warrant units may vest per tranche, subject to certain conditions defined by the terms of the GreenBox Warrant. Upon vesting, warrant units may be acquired at an exercise price of . The warrant units contain customary anti-dilution, down-round, and change-in-control provisions. The right to purchase units in connection with the GreenBox Warrant expires months following the end of the initial term of the Framework Agreement which is July 23, 2027, or if applicable, the extension term of the Framework Agreement, which is July 23, 2029. As of December 30, 2023, of the GreenBox Warrant units had vested. 
 Walmart Warrant 
 Legacy Warehouse Class A Units May 2022 Warrant ), subject to certain vesting conditions. The May 2022 Warrant had a grant date fair value of . In connection with the closing of the Company s initial public offering in June 2022, the May 2022 Warrant was converted into a new warrant to acquire up to an aggregate of common units of Symbotic Holdings LLC June 2022 Warrant and, the common units of Symbotic Holdings LLC issuable thereunder, the Warrant Units ). The June 2022 Warrant vested in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, as the installation commencement date for certain Systems which the Company is installing in Walmart s regional distribution centers had occurred. In December 2023, Walmart elected to gross exercise the vested warrants for million. As a result of this gross exercise, shares of Class V-1 Common Stock were issued to Walmart. 
 
 16. 
 operating segment. Revenue and property and equipment, net by geographic region, based on physical location of the operations recording the sale or the assets are as follows: 
 Canada Total revenue Percentage of revenue generated outside of the United States 
 Total property and equipment, net by geographical region at December 30, 2023 and at September 30, 2023 are as follows (in thousands): 
 December 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 United States Canada Total property and equipment, net Percentage of property and equipment, net held outside of the United States 
 
 17. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 22 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto as of and for the year ended September 30, 2023, as included within our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 11, 2023. As discussed in the section titled Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part II, Item 1A below. 
 Restatement of Previously Issued Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A, we have restated our previously issued unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Refer to the Explanatory Note preceding Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements for background on the restatement, the fiscal periods impacted, and other information. As a result, we have also restated certain previously reported financial information for the three months ended December 30, 2023 in this Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including but not limited to information within the Results of Operations, Non-GAAP Financial Measures, and Liquidity and Capital Resources sections to conform the discussion with the appropriate restated amounts. See Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 3, Restatement of Previously Issued Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the Restatement. 
 Company Overview 
 At Symbotic, our vision is to make the supply chain work better for everyone. We do this by developing, commercializing, and deploying innovative, end-to-end technology solutions that dramatically improve supply chain operations. We currently automate the processing of pallets and cases in large warehouses or distribution centers for some of the largest retail companies in the world. Our systems enhance operations at the front end of the supply chain, and therefore benefit all supply partners further down the chain, irrespective of fulfillment strategy. 
 The Symbotic platform is based on a unique approach to connecting producers of goods to end users, in a way that resolves the mismatches of quantity, timing and location that arise between the two, while reducing costs. The underlying architecture of our platform is what differentiates our solution from anything else in the marketplace. It utilizes fully autonomous robots, collectively controlled by our A.I. enabled system software to achieve at scale, real world supply chain improvements that are so compelling that we believe our approach can become the de facto standard approach for how warehouses operate. 
 Key Components of Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue through our design and installation of modular inventory management systems (the Systems to automate customers depalletizing, storage, selection, and palletization warehousing processes. The Systems have both a hardware component and an embedded software component that enables the systems to be programmed to operate within specific customer environments. We enter into contracts with customers that can include various combinations of services to design and install the Systems. These services are generally distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. As a result, each customer contract may contain multiple performance obligations. We determine whether performance obligations are distinct based on whether the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with other resources that are readily available and whether our commitment to provide the services to the customer is separately identifiable from other obligations in the contract. 
 We have identified the following distinct performance obligations in our contracts with customers: 
 Systems : We design, assemble, and install modular hardware systems and perform configuration of embedded software. Systems include the delivery of hardware and an embedded software component, sold as either a perpetual or term-based on-premise license, that automate our customers depalletizing, storage, selection, and palletization warehousing processes. The 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 modular hardware and embedded software are each not capable of being distinct because our customers cannot benefit from the hardware or software on their own. Accordingly, they are treated as a single performance obligation. Fees for systems are typically either fixed or cost-plus fixed fee amounts that are due based on the achievement of a variety of milestones beginning at contract inception through final acceptance. The substantial majority of our embedded software component is sold as a perpetual on-premise license, however, we do sell an immaterial amount of term-based on-premise licenses. 
 Software maintenance and support : Software maintenance and support refer to support services that provide our customers with technical support, updates, and upgrades to the embedded software license. Fees for the software maintenance and support services are typically payable in advance on a quarterly, or annual basis over the term of the software maintenance and support service contract, which term can range from one to 15 years but, for a substantial majority of our software maintenance and support contracts, is 15 years. 
 Operation services : We provide our customers with assistance operating the system and ensuring user experience is optimized for efficiency and effectiveness. Fees for operation services are typically invoiced to our customers on a time and materials basis monthly in arrears or using a fixed fee structure. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Our cost of revenue is composed of the following for each of our distinct performance obligations: 
 Systems : Systems cost of revenue consists primarily of material and labor consumed in the production and installation of customer Systems, as well as depreciation expense. The design, assembly, and installation of a system includes substantive customer-specified acceptance criteria that allow the customer to accept or reject systems that do not meet the customer s specifications. When we cannot objectively determine that acceptance criteria will be met upon contract inception, cost of revenue relating to systems is deferred and expensed at a point in time upon final acceptance from the customer. If acceptance can be reasonably certain upon contract inception, systems cost of revenue is expensed as incurred. 
 Software maintenance and support : Cost of revenue attributable to software maintenance and support primarily relates to labor cost for our maintenance team providing routine technical support, and maintenance updates and upgrades to our customers. Software maintenance and support cost of revenue is expensed as incurred. 
 Operation services : Operation services cost of revenue consists primarily of labor cost for our operations team who is providing services to our customers to run their System within their distribution center. Operation services cost of revenue is expensed as incurred. 
 Research and Development 
 Costs incurred in the research and development of our products are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs include personnel, contracted services, materials, and indirect costs involved in the design and development of new products and services, as well as depreciation expense. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses include all costs that are not directly related to satisfaction of customer contracts or research and development. Selling, general, and administrative expenses include items for our selling and administrative functions, such as sales, finance, legal, human resources, and information technology support. These functions include costs for items such as salaries and benefits and other personnel-related costs, maintenance and supplies, professional fees for external legal, accounting, and other consulting services, intangible asset amortization, and depreciation expense. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net primarily consists of dividend and interest income earned on our money market accounts and the impact of foreign currency transaction gains and losses associated with monetary assets and liabilities. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to U.S. federal income taxes, in addition to state and local income taxes, with respect to our allocable share of any taxable income or loss of Symbotic Holdings LLC. We also have foreign subsidiaries which are subject to income tax in their local jurisdictions. 
 Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of our total revenue for those periods. The data has been derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A which include, in our opinion, all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 adjustments, that we consider necessary for a fair statement of the financial position and results of operations for the interim periods presented. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of financial results to be achieved in future periods. 
 For the Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 As Restated (in thousands) Revenue: Systems 347,705 197,901 Software maintenance and support 2,169 1,237 Operation services 10,069 7,174 Total revenue 359,943 206,312 Cost of revenue: Systems 283,946 160,931 Software maintenance and support 1,726 1,671 Operation services 10,214 8,516 Total cost of revenue 295,886 171,118 Gross profit 64,057 35,194 Operating expenses: Research and development expenses 42,144 50,740 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 47,012 54,023 Total operating expenses 89,156 104,763 Operating loss (25,099) (69,569) Other income, net 6,199 1,834 Loss before income tax (18,900) (67,735) Income tax expense (172) (251) Net loss (19,072) (67,986) 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 For the Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 As Restated Revenue: Systems 97 96 Software maintenance and support 1 1 Operation services 3 3 Total revenue 100 100 Cost of revenue: Systems 79 78 Software maintenance and support 1 Operation services 3 4 Total cost of revenue 82 83 Gross profit 18 17 Operating expenses: Research and development expenses 12 25 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 13 26 Total operating expenses 25 51 Operating loss (7) (34) Other income, net 2 1 Loss before income tax (5) (33) Income tax expense Net loss (5) (33) Percentages are based on actual values. Totals may not sum due to rounding. 
 Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 Compared to the Three Months Ended December 24, 2022 
 Revenue 
 For the Three Months Ended Change December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 Amount As Restated As Restated As Restated (dollars in thousands) Systems 347,705 197,901 149,804 76 Software maintenance and support 2,169 1,237 932 75 Operation services 10,069 7,174 2,895 40 Total revenue 359,943 206,312 153,631 74 
 Systems revenue increased during the three months ended December 30, 2023 as compared to the three months ended December 24, 2022 due to there being 37 system deployments in progress during the fiscal quarter ending December 30, 2023 as compared to 22 system deployments in progress in the same quarter of fiscal 2022. The increase resulting from the deployments of our warehouse automation system is primarily due to the ongoing Master Automation Agreement with Walmart, for which we are performing the installation and implementation of our warehouse automation system within all of Walmart s 42 regional distribution centers, and which is expected to continue to produce systems revenue as the warehouse automation systems are installed and implemented at the remaining regional distribution centers through fiscal year 2028. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in software maintenance and support revenue is due to there being four additional sites under software maintenance and support contracts contributing to our software maintenance and support revenue balance for the three months ended December 30, 2023 as compared to the three months ended December 24, 2022. 
 The increase in operation services revenue is attributable to an increase in sites where we are performing operation services during the three months ended December 30, 2023 as compared to the three months ended December 24, 2022 due to an increased number of systems in deployment during the period as compared to the prior year. 
 Gross Profit 
 The following table sets forth our gross profit for the three months ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022: 
 For the Three Months Ended Change December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 Amount As Restated As Restated (in thousands) Systems 63,759 36,970 26,789 Software maintenance and support 443 (434) 877 Operation services (145) (1,342) 1,197 Total gross profit 64,057 35,194 28,863 
 Systems gross profit increased 26.8 million during the three months ended December 30, 2023 as compared to the three months ended December 24, 2022 due to there being 37 system deployments in progress during the fiscal quarter ending December 30, 2023 as compared to 22 system deployments in progress in the same quarter of fiscal 2022. 
 The increase in software maintenance and support gross profit is due to an increase in revenues for the three months ended December 30, 2023 while costs to perform our maintenance and support services remained relatively flat. 
 The increase in operation services gross profit is driven by an increase to the number of sites where we are performing operation services and efficiency improvement on our existing operation services sites. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 For the Three Months Ended Change December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) Research and development 42,144 50,740 (8,596) (17) Percentage of total revenue (As restated) 12 25 
 The decrease in research and development expenses for the three months ended December 30, 2023 as compared to the three months ended December 24, 2022 is due to the following: 
 Change (in thousands) Employee-related costs (10,456) Prototype-related costs, allocated overhead expenses, and other 1,860 (8,596) 
 Employee-related costs decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in stock-based compensation expense and expense incurred for contractors. As we apply the graded-vesting method of expense recognition to all stock-based compensation awards with service-only conditions, higher expense was incurred for the three months ended December 24, 2022 due to the expense recognized in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 for the issuance of restricted stock to our employees following the Business Combination. Additionally, we experienced a decrease in the expense related to contractors as a result of a combination of hiring full time employees and outsourcing certain business activities to third parties. These decreases were partially offset by an increase to payroll related costs as we continue to grow our software and hardware engineering 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 organizations to support the development of key projects such as next generation autonomous electric vehicle robots, and also to support the continued expansion of our artificial intelligence and analytics capabilities. 
 The increase in prototype-related costs, allocated overhead expenses, and other during the three months ended December 30, 2023 as compared to the three months ended December 24, 2022 is primarily due to an increase in prototype expenses as we implement efforts to expand on our current product offerings. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 For the Three Months Ended Change December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) Selling, general, and administrative 47,012 54,023 (7,011) (13) Percentage of total revenue 13 26 
 The decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses for the three months ended December 30, 2023 as compared to the three months ended December 24, 2022 is due to the following: 
 Change (in thousands) Employee-related costs (13,323) Allocated overhead expenses and other 6,312 (7,011) 
 Employee-related costs decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in stock-based compensation expense and expense incurred for contractors. As we apply the graded-vesting method of expense recognition to all stock-based compensation awards with service-only conditions, higher expense was incurred for the three months ended December 24, 2022 due to the expense recognized in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 for the issuance of restricted stock to our employees following the Business Combination. Additionally, we experienced a decrease in the expense related to contractors as a result of a combination of hiring full time employees and outsourcing certain business activities to third parties. These decreases were partially offset by an increase to travel-related expenses incurred by our employees as our business continues to grow. 
 Allocated overhead and other expenses increased primarily due to an increase in information technology related costs as well as audit, tax, and legal expenses as compared to the prior year as our employee base and infrastructure continue to grow. 
 Other income, net 
 For the Three Months Ended Change December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 Amount (dollars in thousands) Other income, net 6,199 1,834 4,365 238 Percentage of total revenue 2 1 
 The increase in other income, net for the three months ended December 30, 2023 as compared to the three months ended December 24, 2022 was due to higher interest earned on invested cash balances and marketable securities as a result of increased interest rates. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 For the Three Months Ended Change December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 Amount As Restated As Restated As Restated (dollars in thousands) Income tax expense (172) (251) (79) (31) Percentage of total revenue 
 The decrease in income tax expense for the three months ended December 30, 2023 as compared to the three months ended December 24, 2022 is attributable to an increase in our international tax expense, offset by a decrease in the expense related to our state income taxes. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to providing financial measurements based on generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or GAAP, we provide additional financial metrics that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, or non-GAAP financial measures. We use these non-GAAP financial measures, in addition to GAAP financial measures, to understand and compare operating results across accounting periods, for financial and operational decision making, for planning and forecasting purposes, to measure executive compensation, and to evaluate our financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted gross profit, and Adjusted gross profit margin, as discussed below. 
 We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures reflect our ongoing business in a manner that allows for meaningful comparisons and analysis of trends in the business, as it facilitates comparing financial results across accounting periods and to those of peer companies. We also believe that these non-GAAP financial measures enable investors to evaluate our operating results and future prospects in the same manner as we do. These non-GAAP financial measures may exclude expenses and gains that may be unusual in nature, infrequent, or not reflective of our ongoing operating results. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures do not replace the presentation of our GAAP financial measures and should only be used as a supplement to, not as a substitute for, our financial results presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 We consider Adjusted EBITDA to be an important indicator of the operational strength and performance of our business and a good measure of our historical operating trends. Adjusted EBITDA eliminates items that we do not consider to be part of our core operations. We define Adjusted EBITDA as GAAP net loss excluding the following items: interest income; income taxes; depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assets; stock-based compensation; CEO transition charges; Joint venture formation fees; and other infrequent items that may arise from time to time. 
 The non-GAAP adjustments, and our basis for excluding them from our non-GAAP financial measures, are outlined below: 
 Stock-based compensation Although stock-based compensation is an important aspect of the compensation paid to our employees, the grant date fair value varies based on the derived stock price at the time of grant, varying valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions, and the variety of award types. This makes the comparison of our current financial results to previous and future periods difficult to interpret; therefore, we believe it is useful to exclude stock-based compensation from our non-GAAP financial measures in order to highlight the performance of our business and to be consistent with the way many investors evaluate our performance and compare our operating results to peer companies. 
 CEO transition charges CEO transition charges represent the charges incurred associated with the separation agreement we entered into with Michael Loparco in November 2022. We exclude these CEO transition charges from our non-GAAP financial measures to provide a useful comparison of our operating results to prior periods and to our peer companies because such amounts are not representative of our normal operating activities. 
 Joint venture formation fees Joint venture formation fees represent the charges incurred associated with the formation of GreenBox, which was established on July 21, 2023. It primarily includes investment banker fees, legal fees, transaction fees, advisory fees, and certain other professional fees. We exclude joint venture formation fees from our non-GAAP financial measures to provide a useful comparison of our operating results to prior periods and peer companies because such amounts vary significantly based on the magnitude of the joint venture and do not reflect our core operations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles GAAP net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 As Restated Net loss (19,072) (67,986) Interest income (6,149) (1,833) Income tax expense 172 251 Depreciation and amortization 2,565 1,695 Stock-based compensation 29,462 49,540 CEO transition charges 2,026 Joint venture formation fees 1,089 Adjusted EBITDA 8,067 (16,307) 
 The following table presents the effects of the Restatement on the Adjusted EBITDA non-GAAP financial measure (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 As Reported Adjustment As Restated Net loss (12,967) (6,105) (19,072) Income tax expense 117 55 172 Adjusted EBITDA 14,117 (6,050) 8,067 
 We consider Adjusted gross profit and Adjusted gross profit margin to be important indicators of profitability which we use in our financial and operational decision-making and evaluation of our overall operating performance. We define Adjusted gross profit, a non-GAAP financial measure, as GAAP gross profit excluding the following items: depreciation and stock-based compensation expense. We define Adjusted gross profit margin, a non-GAAP financial measure, as non-GAAP Adjusted gross profit divided by total revenue. The following table reconciles GAAP gross profit to Adjusted gross profit and gross profit margin to Adjusted gross profit margin during the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 As Restated Gross profit 64,057 35,194 Depreciation 93 186 Stock-based compensation 3,431 312 Adjusted gross profit 67,581 35,692 
 Gross profit margin 17.8 17.1 Adjusted gross profit margin 18.8 17.3 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the effects of the Restatement on the Adjusted gross profit and Adjusted gross profit margin non-GAAP financial measures (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 As Reported Adjustment As Restated Gross profit 70,107 (6,050) 64,057 Adjusted gross profit 73,631 (6,050) 67,581 Gross profit margin 19.0 (1.2) 17.8 Adjusted gross profit margin 20.0 (1.2) 18.8 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of December 30, 2023, our principal sources of liquidity were cash received upon exercise of warrants, proceeds received from the maturities of marketable securities, and cash received from customers upon the inception and continuation of contracts to install customer Systems. 
 The following table shows net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, net cash provided by (used in) investing activities, and net cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended December 30, 2023 and December 24, 2022: 
 Three Months Ended December 30, 2023 December 24, 2022 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (30,150) 101,052 Investing activities 98,690 (103,803) Financing activities 158,646 
 Operating Activities 
 Our net cash provided by (used in) operating activities consists of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, foreign currency gains and losses, provision for excess and obsolete inventory, and stock-based compensation, as well as changes in operating assets and liabilities. The primary changes in working capital items, such as the changes in accounts receivable and deferred revenue, result from the difference in timing of payments from our customers related to system installations and the associated costs incurred by us to fulfill the system installation performance obligation. This may result in an operating cash flow source or use for the period, depending on the timing of payments received as compared to the fulfillment of the system installation performance obligation. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was (30.2) million during the three months ended December 30, 2023. Net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to our net loss of 19.1 million adjusted for non-cash items of 32.8 million, primarily consisting of 3.2 million depreciation and amortization and 29.5 million stock-based compensation, in addition to cash used in operating assets and liabilities of 43.8 million. Cash used in operating assets and liabilities of 43.8 million was primarily driven by net working capital changes, including the timing of cash payments to vendors and cash receipts from customers. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 101.1 million during the three months ended December 24, 2022. Net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to our net loss of 68.0 million adjusted for non-cash items of 51.6 million, primarily consisting of 2.1 million depreciation and amortization and 49.5 million stock-based compensation, offset by cash provided by operating assets and liabilities of 117.4 million. Cash provided by operating assets and liabilities of 117.4 million was primarily driven by net working capital changes, including timing of cash payments to vendors and cash receipts from customers, an increase in inventory purchases for the three months ended December 24, 2022 as we purchase additional inventory in order to meet our installation timeline for our customers upcoming warehouse automation system installations in connection with the Walmart Master Automation Agreement and other customer contracts, as well as an increase in deferred revenue for the three months ended December 24, 2022 resulting from an increase in the number of active system installation projects. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 Our investing activities have consisted primarily of property and equipment purchases, capitalization of internal use software development costs, purchases of marketable securities, and proceeds from maturities of marketable securities. 
 Net cash and cash equivalents provided by investing activities during the three months ended December 30, 2023 is primarily driven by 150.0 million in proceeds upon the maturity of certain U.S. Treasury securities, offset by purchases of U.S. Treasury securities of 48.3 million and purchases of property and equipment of 2.2 million. 
 Net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities during the three months ended December 24, 2022 consisted of 7.0 million of purchased property and equipment. Additionally, during the three months ended December 24, 2022, we purchased U.S. Treasury securities for 96.8 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Our financing activities typically consist of payments and proceeds related to our equity incentive plans for both RSUs and ESPP, and also include proceeds from the exercise of the vested warrants issued to Walmart. 
 During the three months ended December 30, 2023, we received cash of 158.7 million upon the gross exercise of Walmart s vested warrant units, which occurred in December 2023. No other significant financing activities occurred during the three months ended December 30, 2023. There were no transactions during the three months ended December 24, 2022 in which we generated proceeds from or used cash in financing activities. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments and Liquidity Outlook 
 Our cash flows from operations along with equity infusions have historically been sufficient to fund our operating activities and other cash requirements. As of December 30, 2023, we have a cash and cash equivalents balance of 486.0 million and short-term available for sale marketable securities balance of 189.0 million. Our cash requirements for the three months ended December 30, 2023 were primarily related to inventory purchases in order to deliver to our customers our warehouse automation systems in an orderly manner in line with our installation timeline, purchases of marketable securities in order to diversify the composition of our cash balance, and capital expenditures. 
 Based on our present business plan, we expect our current cash and cash equivalents, unrestricted marketable securities, working capital, and our forecasted cash flows from operations to be sufficient to meet our foreseeable cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our foreseeable cash needs, in addition to our recurring operating expenses, include our expected capital expenditures to support expansion of our infrastructure and workforce, and minimum contractual obligations. Contractual obligations are cash that we are obligated to pay as part of certain contracts that we have entered into during our course of business. Our contractual obligations consist of operating lease liabilities that are included in our consolidated balance sheet and vendor commitments associated with agreements that are legally binding. Our operating lease cash requirements have not changed materially since September 30, 2023, and are disclosed within Note 6, Leases , included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
 The following table summarizes our current and long-term material cash requirements as of December 30, 2023 for our vendor commitments: 
 Payments due in: Total Less than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years (in thousands) Vendor commitments 1,243,711 1,221,226 22,462 23 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support research and development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings, and the cost of any future acquisitions of technology or businesses. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may be unable to raise the funds on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates during the three months ended December 30, 2023 as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto as of and for the year ended September 30, 2023, which are included within the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 11, 2023. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 30, 2023, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Instruction 8 to Item 303(b) of Regulation S-K. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information on recent accounting pronouncements, see Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements and Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements in the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There have been no material changes in our assessment of our sensitivity to market risk since our presentation set forth in Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 11, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 30, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level because of the existence of a material weakness, as described below. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company's annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 As of December 30, 2023, the Company did not effectively design procedures and controls over the timing of cost of revenue recognition. This resulted in the acceleration of the recognition of cost of revenue. Given that we recognize revenue on a percentage of completion basis, this resulted in the acceleration of recognition of revenue. That deficiency in internal control over financial reporting constituted a material weakness as of December 30, 2023. 
 Notwithstanding the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have concluded that our consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of our operations and our cash flows for the periods presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. There can be no assurance that the material weakness will not result in a misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements for future periods that would not be prevented or detected. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Subject to the matters set forth below under Material Weakness Remediation Plan , there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this quarterly report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Material Weakness Remediation Plan 
 Management has developed a remediation plan, which it began implementing as of the end of fiscal year 2024, that includes the following elements: 
 Augmented compensating controls over the receipt of goods and services, with a focus on milestone related expenses; 
 Implemented ERP system enhancements for goods and services receipts and enhanced documentation requirements for milestone related expenses; and 
 Training of the employees and redesign of the structure of the organization receiving good and services. 
 Management is committed to the completion of the remediation of this material weakness and expects to successfully implement enhanced control processes. Management has also engaged third-party consultants to evaluate and help simplify business processes around the receipts of goods and services. However, as management continues to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, it may determine that additional measures to address control deficiencies or modifications to the remediation plan are necessary. Therefore, management cannot assure you when this material weakness will be remediated, that additional actions will not be required to remediate the material weakness, or the costs of any such additional actions. The material weakness will not be considered remediated until the remediated controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through further testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 
 ERP System Implementation 
 The Company is in the process of completing its new enterprise resource planning ERP system implementation, SAP s S4/HANA which is expected to improve the efficiency of certain financial and related business processes. A significant portion of the implementation was completed in the current period; however, the Company continues to expand the use of this system which is intended to support the Company s business needs as the Company continues to grow. The implementation of SAP s S4/HANA is expected to strengthen the financial controls by automating certain manual processes and standardizing business processes and reporting across the organization. The Company will continue to evaluate and monitor the internal controls over financial reporting during this period of change and will continue to evaluate the operating effectiveness of related key controls. For a discussion of risks related to the implementation of new systems, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We may be subject from time to time to various claims, lawsuits, and other legal and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims, lawsuits, and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties, and could result in damages, fines, and penalties, non-monetary sanctions, or relief. We intend to recognize provisions for claims or pending litigation when we determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable, and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Due to the inherent uncertain nature of litigation, the ultimate outcome or actual cost of settlement may materially vary from estimates. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We are subject to various risks and uncertainties in the course of our business. For a detailed discussion of these risks, please see the section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 11, 2023 titled Risk Factors . Any of the matters highlighted in those risk factors and the risk factors below could adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial condition. 
 We are required to assess our internal control over financial reporting and our management has identified a material weakness. If our remediation of the material weakness is not effective, or we identify additional material weaknesses or other adverse findings in the future, our ability to report our financial condition or results of operations accurately or timely or prevent fraud may be adversely affected, which may result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports, significant expenses to remediate any internal control deficiencies, and ultimately have an adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. As we are no longer an emerging growth company as of the end of the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024, to achieve compliance with Section 404, we are required to document and test the operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. Annually, we perform activities that include reviewing, documenting and testing our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, we will not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If we fail to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment, we could suffer misstatements in our financial statements and fail to meet our reporting obligations, which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. This could result in significant expenses to remediate any internal control deficiencies and lead to a decline in our stock price. 
 Our management has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 30, 2023. Based upon this evaluation and those criteria, management concluded that, as of December 30, 2023, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the identification of a material weakness. As of December 30, 2023, the Company did not effectively design procedures and controls over the timing of the recognition of cost of revenue. This resulted in the acceleration of the recognition of cost of revenue. Given that we recognize revenue on a percentage of completion basis, this resulted in the acceleration of recognition of revenue. That deficiency in internal control over financial reporting constituted a material weakness. For further discussion of the material weakness, see Part I, Item 4. Controls and Procedures . A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 We may be unable to conclude in future periods that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective due to the effects of various factors, which may, in part, include unremediated material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in those reports is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management is committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment and believes its remediation efforts will represent an improvement in existing controls. Management anticipates that the new controls, as implemented and when tested for a sufficient period of time, will remediate the material weakness. We may not be successful in promptly remediating the material weakness identified by management or be able to identify and remediate additional control deficiencies, including material weaknesses, in the future. Remediation efforts have placed, and will continue to place, a significant burden on management and add increased pressure on our financial reporting resources and processes. The accuracy of our financial reporting and our ability to timely file with the SEC may in the future be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully remediate the material weakness in a timely manner, or if any additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting are identified. 
 We are implementing a new enterprise resource planning system, and challenges with the implementation of the system may impact our business and operations. 
 We are in the process of completing a multi-year implementation of a complex new ERP system. The ERP system implementation has required the integration of the new ERP system with multiple new and existing information systems and business processes, and has been designed to accurately maintain our books and records and provide information to our management teams important to the operation of the business. Our ERP system implementation will continue to require ongoing maintenance and monitoring. Conversion from our old system to the new ERP system may cause inefficiencies until the ERP system is stabilized and mature. The implementation of our new ERP system has mandated new procedures and many new controls over financial reporting. These procedures and controls are not yet mature in their operation. If we are unable to adequately implement and maintain procedures and controls relating to our new ERP system, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired and impact our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 On May 20, 2022, in connection with its entry into the 2nd Amended and Restated Master Automation Agreement, the Company issued Walmart a warrant to acquire up to an aggregate of 258,972 Legacy Warehouse Class A Units May 2022 Warrant ), subject to certain vesting conditions. The May 2022 Warrant had a grant date fair value of 224.45. In connection with the closing of the Company s initial public offering in June 2022, the May 2022 Warrant was converted into a new warrant to acquire up to an aggregate of 15,870,411 common units of Symbotic Holdings LLC June 2022 Warrant and, the common units of Symbotic Holdings LLC issuable thereunder, the Warrant Units ). The June 2022 Warrant vested on January 14, 2023, as the installation commencement date for certain Systems which the Company is installing in Walmart s 42 regional distribution centers had occurred. Walmart gross exercised the June 2022 Warrant on December 12, 2023 for 158.7 million. As a result of this gross exercise, 15,870,411 shares of Class V-1 Common Stock of the Company and the same number of common units of Symbotic Holdings LLC were issued to Walmart. 
 The Company issued each of the foregoing securities under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, as a transaction not requiring registration under Section 5 of the Securities Act. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the fiscal quarter ended December 30, 2023, the following director(s) and officer(s), as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408: 
 , , a of the Company, of the Exchange Act. Ms. Saintil s Rule 10b5-1 trading plan provides for the sale of up to a maximum of shares of Class A Common Stock for which Ms. Saintil is a beneficial owner as defined in Rule 16a-1(a) under the Exchange Act. Ms. Saintil s Rule 10b5-1 trading plan expires on December 30, 2024, or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. The trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. 
 , , the Company s , of the Exchange Act. Mr. Boyd s Rule 10b5-1 trading plan provides for the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock that he has received or will receive following the vesting of various RSU grants. Mr. Boyd s 10b5-1 trading plan calls for the sale of a percentage of shares that he could receive upon the future vesting of certain outstanding equity awards, net of any shares withheld by us to satisfy applicable taxes. The number of shares to be withheld, and thus the exact number of shares to be sold pursuant to Mr. Boyd s 10b5-1 trading plan, can only be determined upon the occurrence of the future vesting events. For purposes of this disclosure, without subtracting any shares to be withheld upon future vesting events, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be sold pursuant to Mr. Boyd s 10b5-1 trading plan is shares of Class A Common Stock. Mr. Boyd s Rule 10b5-1 trading plan expires on November 15, 2024, or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. The trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. 
 Certain of our directors or officers have made elections to participate in, and are participating in, our Incentive Compensation Plan, ESPP or our defined-contribution benefit plan under the provisions of Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code and have may, and may from time to time make, elections to have shares withheld to cover withholding taxes or pay the exercise price of options, which may be designed to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act or may constitute non-Rule 10b5 1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference into this Report. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date 10.1# Offer Letter, dated as of January 13, 2023, by and between Symbotic LLC and Walter Odisho 
 10-Q 10.1 2/8/2024 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/ Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/ Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan 

37 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: December 4, 2024 
 Symbotic Inc. By: /s/ Maria G. Freve Name: Maria G. Freve Title: Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-q124qa.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Richard B. Cohen, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q A for the fiscal quarter ended December 30, 2023 of Symbotic Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date December 4, 2024 By s Richard B. Cohen Richard B. Cohen Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-q124qa.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Carol Hibbard, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q A for the fiscal quarter ended December 30, 2023 of Symbotic Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date December 4, 2024 By s Carol Hibbard Carol Hibbard Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-q124qa.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q A of Symbotic Inc. (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended December 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard B. Cohen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date December 4, 2024 By s Richard B. Cohen Richard B. Cohen Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-q124qa.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q A of Symbotic Inc. (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended December 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Carol Hibbard, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date December 4, 2024 By s Carol Hibbard Carol Hibbard Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sym-20231230.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sym-20231230_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sym-20231230_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sym-20231230_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sym-20231230_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

