<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1944366_0001944366-24-000098.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13840286</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>176034</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2128001</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5392173</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3018395</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2836813</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001944366-24-000098.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112161823
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001944366-24-000098
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001944366
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				881672312
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56536
		FILM NUMBER:		241448506

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 N. LASALLE STREET, SUITE 4140
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(773) 389-6502

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 N. LASALLE STREET, SUITE 4140
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60602

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oak Street Net Lease Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220829

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001944366-24-000098.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 osnl-20240930.htm
 10-Q

osnl-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or registration) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 - 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 11, 2024, the issuer had the following shares outstanding: Class S shares, Class N shares, Class D shares, and Class I shares. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements about our business, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and objectives. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, identify or other similar words or the negatives thereof, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. These may include our financial estimates and their underlying assumptions, statements about plans, objectives, intentions and expectations with respect to positioning, including the impact of macroeconomic trends and market forces, future operations, repurchases, acquisitions, future performance, and statements with respect to acquisitions. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in such statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without limitation: 
 our future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of the assets in which we may invest; 
 the impact of the investments that we expect to make; 
 our ability to raise sufficient capital to execute our investment strategy; 
 our ability to source adequate investment opportunities to efficiently deploy capital; 
 our current and expected financing arrangements and investments; 
 the effect of global and national economic and market conditions generally upon our operating results, including, but not limited to, changes with respect to inflation, interest rate changes and supply chain disruptions, geopolitical uncertainty, and changes in government rules, regulations and fiscal policies; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources, financing sources and working capital; 
 the timing and amount of cash flows, distributions and dividends, if any, from our investments; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Adviser or any of its affiliates; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the assets in which we may invest; 
 our use of financial leverage; 
 the ability of the Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 
 the ability of the Adviser or its affiliates to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 
 our ability to structure investments in a tax-efficient manner and the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position; 
 the tax status of the assets in which we may invest; 
 changes in the economy, particularly those affecting the real estate industry; 
 risks associated with possible disruption in our operations or the economy generally due to terrorism, natural disasters, epidemics or other events having a broad impact on the economy; 
 investing in commercial real estate assets involves certain risks, including but not limited to: tenants inability to pay rent; increases in interest rates and lack of availability of financing; tenant turnover and vacancies; and changes in supply of or demand for similar properties in a given market; 
 adverse conditions in the areas where our investments or the properties underlying such investments are located and local real estate conditions; 

our portfolio is currently concentrated in certain industries and geographies, and, as a consequence, our aggregate return may be substantially affected by adverse economic or business conditions affecting that particular type of asset or geography; 
 limitations on our business and our ability to satisfy requirements to maintain our exclusion from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), or to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust, for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 since there is no public trading market for our common shares of beneficial interest par value 0.01 common shares or shares ), repurchase of shares by us will likely be the only way to dispose of your shares. Our share repurchase plan provides shareholders with the opportunity to request that we repurchase their shares on a quarterly basis, but we are not obligated to repurchase any shares and may choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased in any particular calendar quarter in our discretion. In addition, repurchases will be subject to available liquidity and other significant restrictions. Further, our Board of Trustees may make exceptions to, modify and suspend our share repurchase plan if, in its reasonable judgement, it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our shareholders. As a result, our shares should be considered as having only limited liquidity and at times may be illiquid; 
 distributions are not guaranteed and may be funded from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, borrowings, offering proceeds, the sale of our assets, and repayments of our real estate debt investments, and we have no limits on the amounts we may fund from such sources; 
 the purchase and repurchase prices for our shares are generally based on our prior month s net asset value and are not based on any public trading market. While there will be independent valuations of our properties from time to time, the valuation of properties is inherently subjective and our NAV may not accurately reflect the actual price at which our properties could be liquidated on any given day; and 
 future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our operating areas. 
 For more information regarding these and other risks and uncertainties that we face, refer to Part I. Item 1A Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 18, 2024 and any such updated factors included in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this document (or our prospectus and other filings). Except as otherwise required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I . 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 Item 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited): Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 41 
 Item 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 62 
 Item 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 62 
 Part II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 62 
 Item 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 62 
 Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 63 
 Item 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 63 
 Item 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 64 
 Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 64 
 Item 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 64 
 Item 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 65 
 SIGNATURES 
 66 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 

Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Investments in real estate, net Investments in unconsolidated real estate affiliates (includes and reported at fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Investment in leases Financing receivables, net Investments in real estate debt (includes and reported at fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Intangible assets, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Other assets Total assets 
 Liabilities and Equity Mortgage notes and credit facilities, net Unsecured senior notes, net 
 Affiliate line of credit Due to affiliates Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 Redeemable non-controlling interests Redeemable common shares Equity Common shares Class S, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common shares Class N, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common shares Class D, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common shares Class I, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit and cumulative distributions ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income ) Total Shareholders' Equity 
 Non-controlling interests Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenues Rental revenue Income from investment in leases - Financing receivables 
 Total revenues Expenses Rental property operating General and administrative Impairment charges Management fee Performance participation allocation Depreciation and amortization Total expenses Other income (expense) Income from unconsolidated real estate affiliates Net gain on dispositions Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Other (expense) income, net ) ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) Net income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense Net income (loss) ) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to ORENT shareholders ) Net income (loss) per common share basic ) Net income (loss) per common share diluted ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic Weighted-average common shares outstanding, diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income (loss) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss): 
 Change in unrealized (loss) gain on derivative instruments 
 ) ) Change in unrealized gain on AFS investment in real estate debt 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to ORENT shareholders 
 ) 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Par Value Class S Common Shares Class N Common Shares Class D Common Shares Class I Common Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Total Shareholders' Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Common shares issued Offering costs ) ) ) Distribution reinvestment Common share repurchases ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted share grants Net income (Net income of allocated to redeemable NCI) 
 Other comprehensive loss (Other comprehensive loss of allocated to redeemable NCI) 
 ) ) ) ) Distributions declared on common shares gross per share) 
 ) ) ) Redeemable common share measurement adjustment Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to and redemptions of non-controlling interests ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interests measurement adjustment ) ) ) Reallocation between additional paid-in capital and non-controlling interests due to changes in ownership ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Par Value Class S Common Shares Class N Common Shares Class D Common Shares Class I Common Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Total Shareholders' Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) Common shares issued Offering costs ) ) ) Distribution reinvestment Common share repurchases ) ) ) ) ) Converted common shares 
 ) Amortization of restricted share grants 
 ) ) ) Net income (Net income of allocated to redeemable NCI) 
 Other comprehensive loss (Other comprehensive loss of allocated to redeemable NCI) 
 ) ) ) ) Distributions declared on common shares gross per share) 
 ) ) ) Redeemable common share measurement adjustment ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to and redemptions of non-controlling interests ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interests measurement adjustment ) ) ) Reallocation between additional paid-in capital and non-controlling interests due to changes in ownership ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Par Value Class S Common Shares Class N Common Shares Class D Common Shares Class I Common Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Total Shareholders' Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Common shares issued Offering costs ) ) ) Distribution reinvestment Common share repurchases ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted share grants 
 Net loss (Net loss of allocated to redeemable NCI) 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (Other comprehensive income of allocated to redeemable NCI) 
 Distributions declared on common shares gross per share) 
 ) ) ) Redeemable common share measurement adjustment ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to and redemptions of non-controlling interests ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interests measurement adjustment ) ) ) Reallocation between additional paid-in capital and non-controlling interests due to changes in ownership ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

7 

Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Par Value Class S Common Shares Class N Common Shares Class D Common Shares Class I Common Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit and Cumulative Distributions Total Shareholders' Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Cumulative-effect adjustment upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 (Note 2) ) ) ) ) Common shares issued Offering costs ) ) ) Distribution reinvestment Common share repurchases ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted share grants 
 Net income (Net loss of allocated to redeemable NCI) 
 Other comprehensive income (Other comprehensive income of allocated to redeemable NCI) 
 Distributions declared on common shares gross per share) 
 ) ) ) Redeemable common share measurement adjustment ) ) ) Contributions from non-controlling interests Distributions to and redemptions of non-controlling interests 
 ) ) Redeemable non-controlling interests measurement adjustment ) ) ) Reallocation between additional paid-in capital and non-controlling interests due to changes in ownership ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 
 Management fee 
 Performance participation allocation 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Amortization of tenant lease inducement Straight-line rent adjustment 
 ) ) Accretion of tenant loan receivable 
 ) ) Amortization of below-market lease intangibles 
 ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs 
 Impairment charges 
 Income from unconsolidated real estate affiliates 
 ) ) Net gain on dispositions 
 ) Lease right of use asset amortization 
 Net gain on derivative instruments not designated as hedges 
 Amortization of off-market caps Amortization of mortgage note premium/discount 
 Amortization of restricted shares 
 Distribution of earnings from unconsolidated real estate affiliates 
 Non-cash interest expense on affiliate line of credit 
 Provision for CECL Other ) ) Change in assets and liabilities: 
 Increase in other assets 
 ) ) (Decrease) increase in due to affiliates 
 ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 ) Increase in other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Acquisitions of real estate 
 ) ) Acquisitions of real estate under development 
 ) Proceeds from dispositions of real estate Acquisitions of intangible assets ) ) 
 9 

Capital improvements to real estate ) ) Investment in leases - financing receivables 
 ) ) Proceeds from dispositions of investment in leases - financing receivables 
 Purchase of investments in real estate debt 
 ) ) Sale of investments in real estate debt Investment in unconsolidated real estate affiliates 
 ) ) Investment in interest rate swap 
 ) Cash flows from off-market interest rate swaps and caps Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common shares 
 Payment of distributions to common shareholders 
 ) ) Payment of distributions to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) Repurchase of common share 
 ) ) Redemption of non-controlling interests 
 ) ) Proceeds from DST Program 
 Repayment of affiliate line of credit ) ) Borrowings of term loan credit facility 
 Borrowings under revolving credit facility Repayment of revolving credit facility ) ) Proceeds from unsecured senior notes 
 Borrowings under mortgage notes Repayment of mortgage notes ) ) Payment of debt extinguishment fees 
 ) Repayment of other borrowings ) Payment of deferred financing costs 
 ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 
 Effects of currency translation on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 
 Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheet 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosures: 
 Interest paid 
 Income taxes paid Accrued unpaid amounts for capital improvements to real estate Accrued unpaid amounts for other intangible assets Non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 Assumption of other borrowings in conjunction with investments in unconsolidated real estate affiliates 
 Issuance of redeemable Class I Shares as interest payment for the affiliate line of credit Issuance of redeemable Class I Shares as settlement of the management fee Redeemable non-controlling interest issued as settlement of performance participation allocation Allocation to redeemable non-controlling interest Allocation to redeemable common shares 
 10 

Distribution reinvestment Accrued distributions for common shareholders 
 Accrued distributions for non-controlling interests 
 Accrued shareholder servicing fees 
 
 See accompanying Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 11 

Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 
 1. 
 of the NLT OP. The Company and the NLT OP are externally managed by an adviser, Blue Owl Real Estate Capital LLC Blue Owl Real Estate or Adviser ), a subsidiary of Blue Owl Capital Inc. Blue Owl ). The Company s investment decisions are made by employees of the Adviser, subject to general oversight by the Company s investment committee and the Company s board of trustees (the Board ). The Company was formed under the name Oak Street Net Lease Trust on April 4, 2022 as a Maryland statutory trust; however, no activity occurred until the first capital funding from Blue Owl on August 9, 2022. On July 6, 2023, the Company and NLT OP changed their legal names from Oak Street Net Lease Trust and OakTrust Operating Partnership L.P., respectively. 
 The Company operates in a manner to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, the Company is entitled to a tax deduction for some or all of the dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the Company generally will not be subject to federal income taxes as long as it currently distributes to shareholders an amount equal to or in excess of the Company s taxable income. If the Company fails to operate in a manner to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain relief provisions, the Company will be subject to federal and state income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate tax rates. 
 The Company s principal business is the acquisition, ownership, financing and leasing of single-tenant commercial real estate properties subject to long-term net leases with investment grade and other creditworthy tenants or guarantors, and its management does not distinguish the principal business, or group the operations, by geography or property type for purposes of measuring performance. Accordingly, the Company has only operating segment and reportable segment. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company wholly-owned investments in real estate, investments in real estate leases and build-to-suit assets currently in development, including industrial, retail, and office properties. Additionally, the Company holds interest in joint ventures that are included in investments in unconsolidated real estate affiliates, including STORE Capital LLC and Waterparks LLC (collectively, STORE ). STORE owns properties which are leased to tenants on a triple-net lease basis. As of September 30, 2024, the Company holds a ownership interest in STORE. The Company s investment in STORE qualifies as a significant investment under SEC Regulation S-X Rule 10-01(b) (refer to Note 4 - Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Affiliates). The Company also holds investments in real estate debt which consist of securities and loans (refer to Note 5 - Investments in Real Estate Debt). 
 On September 1, 2022, the Company commenced the offering of its common shares through a continuous private placement offering Private Offering ), under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ). As of September 30, 2024, the Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of each of its classes of shares of its common shares (Class S shares, Class N shares, Class D shares, and Class I shares), each with a par value of per common share. The share classes have different upfront selling commissions, dealer manager fees and ongoing shareholder servicing fees. The initial offering price for shares sold through the Private Offering was per share. The Company conducts periodic closings and sells shares at the prior net asset value NAV per share as determined using the valuation methodology recommended by the Adviser and approved by the pricing committee of the Board, plus applicable fees and commissions. The NAV per share is calculated on a fully diluted basis. NAV may differ from the values of our real estate assets as calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). 
 On August 31, 2023, the Company, through the NLT OP, initiated a program (the DST Program to issue and sell up to a maximum aggregate offering amount of of beneficial interests Interests in specific Delaware statutory trusts (the DSTs holding real properties (the DST Properties to accredited investors, as that term is defined under Regulation D promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act in private placements exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act (the DST Offerings ). As of September 30, 2024, the Company has raised proceeds of from its DST program. See Note 6 - DST Program for additional information. 
 12 

2. 
 13 

to years with long-term renewal options, which provides that the tenants are responsible for the payment of most, if not all, property operating expenses during the lease term, including, but not limited to, property taxes, repairs and maintenance, insurance and capital expenditures. The Company records such expenses on a net basis. Some contracts may contain nonlease components (e.g., charges for management fees, common area maintenance, and reimbursement of third-party maintenance expenses) in addition to lease components (i.e., monthly rental charges). Services related to nonlease components are provided over the same period of time as, and billed in the same manner as, monthly rental charges. We do not segregate the lease components from the nonlease components when accounting for all asset classes. Since the lease component is the predominant component under each of these leases, combined revenues from both the lease and nonlease components are reported as rental revenues in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Refer to the section titled Rental Revenue for policies regarding the assessment of the collectability of rent payments from lessees. 
 A lease is classified as an operating lease if none of the following criteria are met: (i) ownership transfers to the lessee at the end of the lease term, (ii) the lessee has a purchase option that is reasonably certain to be exercised, (iii) the lease term is for a major part of the economic life of the leased property, (iv) the present value of the future lease payments and any residual value guaranteed by the lessee that is not already reflected in the lease payments equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the leased property, and (v) the leased property is of such a specialized nature that it is expected to have no future alternative use to the Company at the end of the lease term. If one or more of these criteria are met, the lease will generally be classified as a sales-type lease, unless the lease contains a residual value guarantee from a third party other than the lessee, in which case it would be classified as a direct financing lease under certain circumstances. 
 The Company executed several sale-leaseback transactions with third-party lessees in which the Company entered into contracts to acquire an asset and then subsequently leased the asset back to the seller. For these transactions, the Company must determine whether control of the asset has transferred to the Company. In instances in which it is determined that 
 14 

15 

- years 
 Land improvements - years 
 In-place lease intangibles - years 
 Other lease intangibles (1) 
 Over lease term 
 __________________ 
 (1) Other lease intangibles primarily includes above and below market leases, lease inducements, and lease commissions. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation expense was and , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, depreciation expense was and , respectively. 
 Land acquired under build-to-suit arrangements in a sale-leaseback transaction is accounted for as an investment in loans receivable as the related lease is not deemed to have commenced until the constructed assets are substantially complete. These investments are included within Investments in real estate debt within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Other tangible assets acquired under such arrangements are recorded as construction in progress upon acquisition as the Company controls the assets during construction. 
 Significant improvements to properties are capitalized. Repairs and maintenance are expensed to operations as incurred and are included in Rental property operating expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 The Company capitalizes certain costs related to the development of real estate, including pre-construction costs, real estate taxes, insurance, construction costs, and salaries and related costs of personnel directly. Additionally, we capitalize interest costs related to development activities. Capitalization of these costs begin when the activities and related expenditures commence and cease when the project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use at which time the project is placed in service and depreciation commences. Interest costs capitalized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were approximately and , respectively. Interest costs capitalized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were approximately and , respectively. Additionally, we make estimates as to the probability of completion of development, and we expense all capitalized costs which are not recoverable. 
 The Company reviews its real estate properties for impairment each quarter or when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates an impaired value. If the GAAP depreciated cost basis of a real estate investment exceeds the undiscounted cash flows of such real estate investment, the investment is considered impaired and the GAAP depreciated cost basis is reduced to the fair value of the investment. The impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. The evaluation of anticipated future cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results. Since cash flows on real estate properties considered to be long-lived assets to be held and used are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, the Company s strategy of holding properties over the long-term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. If the Company s strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss could be material to the Company s results. If the Company determines that an impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value. 
 
 16 

17 

. The fair value of the underlying debt is determined by discounting the future contractual cash flows to the present value using current market interest rates. As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average interest rate utilized was . 
 The Company s derivative financial instruments are reported at fair value and consist of interest rate and foreign currency contracts. The fair values of the Company s interest rate and foreign currency contracts were estimated using advice from a third-party derivative specialist, based on cash flows and observable inputs comprising of yield curves, foreign currency rates, and credit spreads (Level 2 inputs). Fair value information relating to derivative financial instruments is provided in Note 9 - Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 18 

Investments in real estate debt Interest rate hedging derivatives (1) 
 Foreign currency hedging derivatives (1) 
 Total Liabilities: Interest rate hedging derivatives (2) 
 Foreign currency hedging derivatives (2) 
 DST financing obligation (2) 
 Total 
 __________________ 
 (1) Included within Other assets within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Included within Other liabilities within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had a secured borrowing related to a security included within Investment in real estate debt, which was stated at cost in Other liabilities and approximated fair value. 
 Purchases Sales ) ) Distributions received ) ) DST Program proceeds Included in net income Loss on fair value of DST financing obligation Income from unconsolidated real estate affiliates measured at fair value Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 The commercial real estate loan is categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. As of September 30, 2024, the change in value of the investment is immaterial. 
 Valuation of assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 Certain of the Company s assets are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments, such as when there is evidence of impairment, and therefore such assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The Company reviews its real estate properties for impairment each quarter and when there is an event or change in circumstances that could indicate the carrying amount of the real estate value may not be recoverable. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized and of impairment charges 
 19 

of impairment charges of related to one tenant, Mountain Express, for which leases were rejected by the presiding bankruptcy court in August 2023. 
 Valuation of liabilities not measured at fair value 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company s Mortgage notes and credit facilities was below carrying value and below carrying value, respectively. Fair value of the Company s indebtedness is estimated by modeling the cash flows required by the Company s debt agreements and discounting them back to the present value using an estimated market yield. Additionally, the Company considers current market rates and conditions by evaluating similar borrowing agreements with comparable loan-to-value ratios and credit profiles. The inputs used in determining the fair value of the Company s indebtedness are considered Level 3. Fair value information pertaining to debt is provided in Note 8 Debt. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has recorded an allowance for credit losses of and , respectively, which all related to its Investment in leases - Financing receivables, net. 
 20 

3. 
 Land and land improvements Construction in process Total 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Investments in real estate, net 
 
 Assets of relating to one EquipmentShare investment were placed into service during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, including previously classified as construction in progress and previously classified as investments in real estate debt. These assets are now presented as of land, of building, and of land improvements. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, of construction in progress was placed into service, including of buildings and of land improvements. Refer to Note 5 - Investments in Real Estate Debt for additional detail regarding land acquired for build-to-suit properties. 
 The total rentable square feet of gross leasable area GLA of the Company related to its investments in real estate, net was and thousand square feet as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of which approximately and was leased, respectively. 
 Acquisitions 
 The following tables set forth the acquisition values, number of properties and total rentable square feet of GLA of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Retail _____________ 
 (1) The square footage for the retail properties and a portion of industrial properties relates to build-to-suit assets. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Property Type Acquisition Value Number of Properties Square Feet 
 (in thousands) 
 Industrial Retail 
 21 

Land and land improvements Construction in process In-place lease intangibles Other lease intangibles Below-market lease intangibles ) ) Total Purchase Price 
 Dispositions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company disposed of retail property, industrial property, and parcel of excess land at an industrial property for total net proceeds of and recognized a net gain on dispositions of real estate of . There were dispositions during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 4. 
 and , respectively. 
 CoreWeave 
 On August 27, 2024, the Company made an indirect investment of through BOREC Spider Member LLC in Project Spider JV LLC ("CoreWeave JV"). CoreWeave JV was formed to facilitate the investment of BOREC Spider Member LLC and AREP Chirisa CTP2 JV LLC to fund the development of a single-story data center leased to CoreWeave, Inc. in a build-to-suit arrangement. As part of its investment in CoreWeave JV, BOREC Spider Member LLC has agreed to fund its share of the estimated total development cost of through pro-rata capital contributions over the course of approximately months, including amounts funded as of September 30, 2024. The Company holds a membership interest in BOREC Spider Member LLC. The Company has elected to account for the investment using the FVO under ASC 825. 
 STORE 
 On February 3, 2023, the Company made an indirect investment through Ivory OSREC OS Aggregator LLC OS Aggregator in STORE, a publicly traded REIT invested in net-lease real estate, in an all-cash, take-private transaction. The Company has elected to account for the investment using the FVO under ASC 825. 
 In connection with closing of the initial investment, OS Aggregator signed a Forward Interest Purchase Agreement (the FIPA pursuant to which it agreed to purchase additional indirect interests in STORE such that OS Aggregator owns, in aggregate, an indirect membership interest in STORE prior to the first anniversary of the closing of the initial investment, representing an aggregate additional investment of approximately as of the signing date. Pursuant to the FIPA, the Company agreed to use available fundraising proceeds, subject to certain deductions for Company operations and previously committed acquisitions, to make purchases under the FIPA, although the FIPA contains no mandatory fundraising minimums directly from the Company. The Company guaranteed the foregoing obligations under the FIPA, and it agreed to pay an aggregate amount equal to if it were to divert available proceeds in violation of the FIPA or fail to pursue fundraising in good faith. 
 On February 6, 2024, subsidiaries of the Company entered into promissory notes with SuNNNy Days, LLC, an affiliate of GIC, to borrow (the FIPA Loan in exchange for assignment of ownership of the remaining units OS Aggregator was required to purchase under the FIPA. Such assignment resulted in OS Aggregator reaching an indirect membership interest in STORE, and meeting the obligations of the FIPA. The FIPA Loan had an interest rate of and a term of months, with a maturity date of August 1, 2025. In March 2024, the Company repaid of the FIPA Loan through the use of proceeds from the issuance of common shares. In April 2024, the Company repaid the remaining outstanding balance of through the use of proceeds from the issuance of common shares. 
 22 

, excluding the investments made using proceeds from the FIPA loan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company contributed an additional to fund capital calls initiated by STORE to OS Aggregator. Additionally, OS Aggregator made distributions of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which the Company received . 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company owns a interest in OS Aggregator. The initial and incremental investments made by the Company and affiliates of the Company in OS Aggregator were , representing ownership percentage of interest in STORE. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Company s investment in STORE was , representing a ownership percentage of interest in STORE. 
 The Company has determined that STORE is considered a significant subsidiary under SEC Regulation S-X 10-01(b) as of September 30, 2024. 
 Net income 
 The following tables detail the Company s investments in unconsolidated real estate affiliates: 
 Carrying Amount of Investment Investment Ownership Percentage September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 STORE 
 Blue Owl NL Opportunity Credit REIT E LLC ("Fleet Farm JV") 
 Blue Owl NL Opportunity Credit Holdings REIT LLC ("Tenneco JV") 
 CoreWeave JV 
 Total ORENT's Share of Unconsolidated Entities' Income Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Investment September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 STORE (1) 
 Blue Owl NL Opportunity Credit REIT E LLC ("Fleet Farm JV") (2) 
 ) ) Blue Owl NL Opportunity Credit Holdings REIT LLC ("Tenneco JV") (3) 
 CoreWeave JV (4) 
 ) ) Total 
 (1) The Company s share of STORE s net income includes our portion of STORE s income and unrealized gains/losses based on our varying ownership percentage, which increased throughout the period, as well as our pro-rata share of OS Aggregator s expenses. 
 (2) On August 12, 2022, the Company formed Fleet Farm JV , a joint venture which the Company holds a ownership in and accounts for under the equity method of accounting. The Company s initial contribution into the joint venture was . The joint venture acquired properties, which are leased on a triple net basis to the tenant. On September 18, 2023, Fleet Farm JV changed its legal name to Blue Owl NL Opportunity Credit REIT E LLC pursuant to a certificate of amendment to its Certificate of Formation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on September 18, 2023. 
 (3) On June 5, 2023, the Company formed Tenneco JV, a joint venture which the Company holds a ownership in and accounts for under the equity method of accounting. The Company has elected to account for the investment using the FVO under ASC 825. The Company s initial contribution into the joint venture was . The joint venture acquired properties, which are leased on a triple net basis to the tenant. In July 2023, the Company contributed an additional into the joint venture. The additional capital contributed pro rata by each partner was used to acquire additional properties, which are leased on a triple net basis to the tenant. The Company received return of capital distributions of and in September and November 2023, respectively, primarily funded by a mortgage loan entered into by wholly owned subsidiaries of the Tenneco JV for its assets in November 2023. 
 23 

5. 
 
 8/13/2037 Commercial real estate loan (3) 
 7/12/2025 Total investments in real estate debt (4) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Type of Security/Loan Weighted Average 
 Coupon (1) 
 Weighted Average Maturity Date (2) 
 Face Amount Cost Basis Fair Value CMBS SOFR + 
 10/25/2034 Commercial real estate loan (3) 
 7/12/2025 Total investments in real estate debt 
 __________________ 
 (1) The term SOFR refers to the relevant floating benchmark rates, one-month SOFR. 
 (2) Weighted average maturity date is based on the fully extended maturity date of the instrument. 
 (3) The borrower for the commercial real estate loan is NLCA Real Estate Holdings, LLC. 
 (4) Total investments in real estate debt per the tables above exclude our investments in loans receivable, described below, which had a balance of as of September 30, 2024. We did not hold any investments in loans receivable as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 The following table details the credit rating of the Company s investments in real estate debt: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Credit Rating Cost Basis Fair Value Percentage Based on Fair Value Cost Basis Fair Value Percentage Based on Fair Value AAA A- A3 Baa3 Ba3 Ba2 BBB BBB- BB+ BB BB- NR Private commercial real estate loan (Not rated) Total 
 The following table provides the activity for the real estate-related securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Amortized Cost Basis Gain/(Loss) Fair Value Real estate-related securities as of December 31, 2023 
 Face value of real estate-related securities acquired Sale of real estate-related securities ) ) 
 24 

Increase in accrued interest income 
 Unrealized gain on real estate securities Real estate-related securities as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Other Investments 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company acquired land related to build-to-suit properties for a total purchase price of which is being accounted for as an investment in loans receivable. The loans will mature within approximately months and are held at amortized cost. Direct costs associated with originating loans are deferred and amortized as an adjustment to interest income over the term of the related loan receivable. As of September 30, 2024, the Company held investments in loans receivable related to build-to-suit arrangements with a total balance of which are included within Investments in real estate debt in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 6. 
 of Interests in specific DSTs holding DST Properties in private placement. Under the DST Program, DST Properties, which may be sold, contributed, sourced, or otherwise seeded from the Company s real properties held through NLT OP or from third parties, will be held in one or more DSTs and leased back by a wholly-owned subsidiary of NLT OP in accordance with corresponding master lease agreements. Each master lease agreement will be guaranteed by NLT OP, which will have the right, but not the obligation, to acquire the Interests in the applicable DST from the beneficial owners or the applicable DST s right, title, interest in any portion of the DST Properties from the beneficial owners, in each case, in exchange for cash or units of NLT OP OP Units ), at a purchase price equal to the fair market value of the beneficial owner s interest in one or more of the DST Properties (the FMV Buyback Option ). The FMV Buyback Option is exercisable during the option period beginning from the final closing of the applicable DST Offering or in such other time frame as provided for in the applicable DST arrangement. After a holding period, investors who receive OP Units pursuant to the FMV Buyback Option generally have the right to cause NLT OP to redeem all or a portion of their OP Units for, at the Company s sole discretion, common shares of the Company, cash, or a combination of both. 
 The sale of interests in a DST Property is accounted for as a failed sale-leaseback transaction due to the fair market value purchase option retained by NLT OP and as such, the property remains on the Company s books and records. The proceeds received from the DST are accounted for as a financing obligation liability on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company contributed industrial assets to the DST as part of the initial DST Program offering of , and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company leased back the assets in accordance with a master lease agreement. Under the master lease, the Company is responsible for subleasing the DST Property to tenants, for covering all costs associated with operating the underlying DST Property, and for paying base rent to the DST that owns such property. For financial reporting purposes, the DST Properties are included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company raised gross proceeds of and from its DST Program, including and of upfront fees earned at closing, respectively. From inception of the DST Program through September 30, 2024, the Company has raised gross proceeds of from its DST Program. As a result of the FMV Buyback Option, the sale of DST interests is offset by a financing obligation liability. The Company has elected to account for the DST financing obligation using the fair value option, and as such, the liability is remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis. The DST financing obligation was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included within Other liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The unrealized loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was and , respectively, and is included in Other (expense) income, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The upfront fees earned at closing are included within Other (expense) income, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 25 

7. 
 ) ) Other lease intangibles 
 ) ) Total intangible lease assets ) ) 
 Amortization expense related to the intangible lease assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was , of which and is included in depreciation and amortization and rental revenue, respectively, within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amortization expense related to intangible lease assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was , of which and is included in depreciation and amortization and rental revenue, respectively within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The amount included in rental revenue is related to tenant inducements and is a reduction to revenue. 
 Amortization expense related to the intangible lease assets for three months ended September 30, 2023 was , of which and is included in depreciation and amortization and rental revenue, respectively, within the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. Amortization expense related to intangible lease assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was , of which and is included in depreciation and amortization and rental revenue, respectively, within the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the gross carrying amount of the Company s below market lease intangibles was and , respectively, with accumulated amortization of and , respectively. The below market lease intangibles, net of accumulated amortization, are included in Other liabilities within our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 26 

8. 
 
 8/11/2027 Unsecured revolving credit facility (3) 
 S + 
 8/11/2026 Fixed rate mortgages 4/6/2029 N/A Variable rate mortgages (4) 
 S + 
 1/6/2026 N/A Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Total Mortgage notes credit facility, net: 
 Unsecured senior notes 
 Unsecured senior notes (5) 
 2/2/2030 N/A Deferred financing costs, net 
 ) Unsecured senior notes, net 
 Affiliate line of credit Affiliate line of credit (6) 
 S + 
 6/30/2024 N/A Affiliate line of credit, net: 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) The term S refers to the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include daily secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), 30-day SOFR, one-month euro interbank offered rate EURIBOR ), daily Canadian overnight repo rate average CORRA ), and one-month SONIA as applicable to each loan. As of September 30, 2024, we have outstanding interest rate swaps that mitigate our exposure to potential future interest rate increases under our floating-rate debt. See further discussion of outstanding interest rate swaps below. 
 (2) The unsecured term loan credit facility bears interest at a base rate plus a margin ranging from to . The base rate is the greater of (a) Keybank N.A. s announced prime rate, (b) above the federal funds effective rate, (c) SOFR plus , and (d) . The weighted average interest rate for the unsecured term loan credit facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was (unhedged) and (hedged). As of September 30, 2024, we have outstanding interest rate swaps with aggregate notional values of , , and that are structured such that the SOFR rates result in fixed rates of , , and , respectively. 
 (3) The unsecured revolving credit facility consists of USD USD Revolver and Alternative Alternative Revolver denominated currencies, and bears interest at a base rate plus a margin ranging from to . The base rate is the greater of (a) Keybank N.A. s announced prime rate, (b) above the federal funds effective rate, (c) adjusted floating rate, and (d) . The adjusted floating rate for the USD Revolver is SOFR plus , while the Alternative Revolver is EURIBOR for Euro borrowings, and CORRA plus for Canadian Dollar borrowings. The weighted average interest rate for the unsecured revolving credit facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was (unhedged) and (hedged). As of September 30, 2024, we have outstanding interest rate swaps with aggregate notional values of and that are structured such that the SOFR rate results in a fixed rate of and , respectively. 
 (4) We have an interest rate swap with an aggregate notional value of as of September 30, 2024, that is structured such that the variable rate results in a fixed rate of . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repaid of variable rate mortgages. 
 (5) On August 28, 2024, NLT OP entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the Note Purchase Agreement governing the issuance of of Senior Notes, Series A, due August 28, 2028, of Senior Notes, Series B, due August 28, 2029, of Senior Notes, Series C, due August 28, 2030 and of Senior Notes, Series D, due August 28, 2031 (collectively, the notes ), to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. Interest on the notes is due semi-annually on the 28th day of February and August of each year, beginning on February 28, 2025. Proceeds from the issuance of the notes were used to pay down existing indebtedness of the Company and for other general purposes. 
 (6) The affiliate note payable bore interest at a base rate plus a margin ranging from to . The base rate was the greater of (a) Keybank N.A. s announced prime rate, (b) above the federal funds effective rate, (c) SOFR plus , and (d) . The weighted average interest rate for the affiliate note payable for the period from January 1, 2024 through the maturity date of June 30, 2024 was . 
 (7) The Company s mortgage and notes payable contain yield or spread maintenance provisions. 
 
 The Company is subject to various financial and operational covenants under certain of its mortgage notes, term loans credit facilities, revolving credit facility, and unsecured senior notes agreements. These covenants require the Company to 
 27 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 Affiliate Line of Credit 
 On August 8, 2022, the NLT OP entered into an interest-bearing revolving promissory note with an affiliate, Blue Owl Capital Holdings LP (the BO Lender in the principal amount of up to . The interest is payable monthly in arrears at the Lender s election in (i) cash, (ii) Class I units of the NLT OP (using the most recently available net asset value per unit) or (iii) Class I shares of ORENT (using the most recently available net asset value per share). On November 9, 2023, NLT OP amended and restated the loan agreement to remove the revolving feature from the promissory note, and to allow NLT OP to borrow an additional on a delayed draw basis, and to set a maturity date of June 30, 2024. In June 2024, the Company repaid the outstanding balance under the affiliate line of credit as well as the remaining accrued interest through use of proceeds from the issuance of common shares and cash flows from operations. As of September 30, 2024, there was no outstanding balance or accrued interest under the affiliate line of credit. 
 
 9. 
 28 

1/4/2028 Interest rate caps N/A Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Foreign currency forward contracts (1) 
 12/6/2028 Foreign currency option contracts (1) 
 11/30/2028 Total 
 __________________ 
 (1) The notional amount reflects the balance we expect to settle at the maturity date based on the contractual strike price at trade execution. 
 
 Other Liabilities Interest rate caps Other Assets Other Liabilities Total Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Foreign currency forward contracts Other Assets Other Liabilities Foreign currency option contracts Other Assets Other Liabilities Total Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 29 

Interest Expense Interest rate caps ) Interest Expense Total Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments ) 
 The following table details the effect of the Company s derivative financial instrument on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Amount of Unrealized Gain (Loss) Recognized in OCI Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives Amount of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest rate swap Interest Expense Interest rate caps Interest Expense Total Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 The following table details the effect of the Company s derivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Income Statement Location Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Foreign currency forward contracts Other Expense Foreign currency option contracts Other (Income) Expense ) Total Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 
 10. 
 Accrued management fee Performance participation allocation Advanced organization and offering costs Other advanced expenses 
 30 

Total 
 Ongoing Servicing Fees 
 The Company accrues ongoing servicing fees payable to the Dealer Manager, Blue Owl Securities LLC (the Dealer Manager ), for ongoing services rendered to shareholders for Class S, Class N, and Class D shares equal to , , and , respectively, per annum of the aggregate NAV of the respective outstanding class of shares. The ongoing servicing fees are paid monthly in arrears. 
 As part of the DST Program, NLT OP is authorized to issue classes of OP Units (Class S-1, Class N-1 and Class D-1) in exchange for Interests in DSTs in the event NLT OP elects to exercise its FMV Buyback Option and the participation of such OP Units in the Company s distribution reinvestment plan (the DRIP ). NLT OP will pay a service fee to the Dealer Manager for ongoing services rendered to shareholders for Class S-1, Class N-1 and Class D-1 shares equal to , and , respectively, per annum of the aggregate NAV of the respective outstanding class of shares. The servicing fees will be paid monthly in arrears. Additionally, the DST Sponsor, Blue Owl Real Estate Exchange LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, will pay to the Dealer Manager, a service fee equal to per annum of the price per Interest sold, to be paid quarterly in arrears. 
 Accrued Management Fees 
 The Company will pay the Adviser a management fee equal to of NAV per annum payable monthly for services rendered related to ongoing operations of ORENT pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. Additionally, to the extent that NLT OP issues NLT OP Units to parties other than the Company, our NLT OP will pay the Adviser a management fee equal to of the NAV of NLT OP attributable to such units not held by us per annum payable monthly. 
 The management fee may be paid, at the Adviser s election, in cash, Class I shares or Class I units of NLT OP. To date, the Adviser has elected to receive the management fee in the Company s common shares, resulting in a non-cash expense. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred management fees of and , respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred management fees of and , respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company issued and shares, respectively, to the Adviser as payment for management fees. Management fees of and were accrued and unpaid as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The shares issued to the Adviser for payment of the management fee were issued at the applicable NAV per share at the end of each month for which the fee was earned. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Adviser did not submit any shares for repurchase. 
 Additionally, the Company will pay the Adviser a management fee equal to of the total consideration received by the Company or its affiliate for selling Interests to third-party investors, net of up-front fees and expense reimbursements payable out of gross sale proceeds from the sale of such Interests and any proceeds from any loans secured directly or indirectly by the DST Properties, per annum payable monthly. The Adviser has waived the fee for the initial DST Program offering. 
 Performance Participation Allocation 
 In addition to the fees paid to the Adviser for services provided pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, Blue Owl Oak Trust Carry LLC, a controlled subsidiary of Blue Owl, and Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust CPV LP, controlled by senior and other officers of Blue Owl (each a Special Limited Partner hold a performance participation interest in NLT OP that entitles them to receive an allocation of NLT OP s total return. Total return is defined as total distributions plus the change in the Company s NAV per share, adjusted for subscriptions and repurchases. The performance participation allocation is an incentive fee paid to the Adviser and receipt of the allocation is subject to the ongoing effectiveness of the Investment Advisory Agreement. Under NLT OP agreement, the Special Limited Partners are entitled to an allocation from NLT OP equal to of total return, after the other unit holders have received a total return of (after recouping any loss carryforward amount). The allocation of the performance participation interest is measured on a calendar year basis and is paid quarterly in NLT OP Units, ORENT shares, or cash, at the election of the Special Limited Partners. As the performance participation allocation is associated with the performance of services rendered by the Adviser, and the Special Limited Partners are only entitled to the performance participation allocation fee provided that the Investment Advisory Agreement has not been terminated, the Company accounts for the performance 
 31 

and , respectively, of performance participation allocation expense in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized and , respectively, of performance participation allocation expense in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company issued and shares, respectively, to the Special Limited Partners as payment of performance participation allocation at the respective NAV per unit. As of December 31, 2023, as a result of the issuance of units during 2023 in excess of the final fee measured on a calendar year basis, the Company recorded a receivable due to the Company from the SLP of , and is included within Other assets in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of September 30, 2024, there was receivable due to the Company from the SLP as the receivable was netted against fees earned by the SLP during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, and immediately following (i) the issuance of the units and (ii) the record time for the distributions on the Company s Class I shares, Class I units in NLT OP were exchanged for Class I shares in the Company. As of September 30, 2024, Class I units in NLT OP had been redeemed for cash. 
 Advanced Organizational and Offering Costs 
 The Adviser advanced all of the organization and offering costs on behalf of the Company (including legal, marketing, due diligence, administrative, accounting, design and website expenses, fees and expenses of our escrow agent and transfer agent, and other expenses attributable to the Company s organization, but excluding ongoing servicing fees) through September 1, 2023. Such costs are recorded as a component of Due to affiliates on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and are being reimbursed to the Adviser pro rata over months beginning September 1, 2023. 
 Accrued Interest - Affiliate Line of Credit 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company issued and Class I shares, respectively, to our affiliate, Blue Owl Capital Holdings LP, as payment for interest on the revolving promissory note. In June 2024, the Company repaid the outstanding balance under the affiliate line of credit as well as the remaining accrued interest. As of September 30, 2024, there was outstanding balance or accrued interest under the affiliate line of credit. Accrued interest of on the affiliate line of credit was accrued and unpaid as of December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 8 - Debt for additional detail. 
 Common Shares Held by Affiliates 
 As of September 30, 2024, ORENT affiliates and their employees owned ORENT Class I shares in an aggregate amount of , based on the NAV per share/unit as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 11. 
 32 

Straight-line rental revenue, net (2) 
 Variable lease payments (3) 
 Amortization of above/below market lease intangibles Total Rental revenue 
 __________________ 
 (1) Base rent consists of fixed lease payments. 
 (2) Represents lease income related to the excess (deficit) of straight-line rental revenue over fixed lease payments. 
 (3) Consists of reimbursement of common area maintenance CAM and real estate taxes, and amortization of tenant inducements. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 Lessor Financing receivables 
 In accordance with ASC 842, certain of the Company s sales-type lease contracts are primarily accounted for as failed-sale leaseback transactions and were recorded as an Investment in leases - Financing receivables. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased properties through sale-leaseback transactions that were accounted for as failed sale-leasebacks for . During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company purchased properties through sale-leaseback transactions that were accounted for as failed-sale leasebacks for . During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized interest income of and , respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized interest income of and , respectively. Interest income is recognized on an effective interest basis at a constant rate of return over the term of the applicable leases. Cash received under these contracts was and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 All of the lease payments are triple net basis to the tenant and the Company has rights in accordance with the individual lease agreements to protect the value of our leased properties. 
 33 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total lease payment receivable Less deferred interest income Less allowance for credit losses Total Investment in leases - Financing receivables 
 
 Initial allowance upon adoption Current period change in credit allowance Balance, end of period 
 We assess the credit quality of our investments through the credit ratings of the lessee. The credit quality indicators are reviewed by us on a quarterly basis as of quarter-end. In instances where the lessee does not have a public credit rating, we may use either a comparable proxy company or the overall corporate credit rating, as applicable. We also use this credit rating to determine the probability of default PD when estimating credit losses for each investment. 
 
 December 31, 2023 Ba1 
 Baa2 B2 Caa2 Total Investment in leases - Financing Receivables 
 
 Purchase Option Provisions 
 Certain of the Company s leases include purchase option provisions. The provisions vary by agreement but generally allow the lessee to purchase the property during a specified period for the Company s gross investment plus a specified proportion of appreciation. The Company expects that the purchase price will be greater than its net investment in the property at the time of potential exercise by the lessee. 
 Lessee - DST Program Master Lease 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company contributed industrial assets to the DST as part of the initial DST Program offering. The assets are leased back to the Company by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company under the master lease agreement. 
 34 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total 
 Dispositions 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company disposed of land property accounted for as an Investment in lease - Financing receivable for total net proceeds of and recognized a net gain on the disposition of . 
 
 12. 
 classes of common shares including Class S shares, Class N shares, Class D shares, and Class I shares. Each class of common shares and preferred shares has a par value of . The Company s Board of Trustees has the ability to establish the preferences and rights of each class or series of preferred shares, without shareholder approval, and as such, it may afford the holders of any series or class of preferred shares preferences, powers and rights senior to the rights of holders of common shares. The differences among the common share classes relate to upfront transaction fees and ongoing shareholder servicing fees. See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates for a further description of such items. Other than the differences in upfront transaction fees and ongoing shareholder servicing fees, each class of common shares has the same economic and voting rights. 
 Common Shares 
 Common shares issued Distribution reinvestment Common shares repurchased ) ) ) September 30, 2024 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class S Class N Class D Class I Total December 31, 2023 Common shares issued Distribution reinvestment Common shares repurchased ) ) ) Common shares converted (1) 
 ) ) September 30, 2024 
 ________________ 
 (1) On January 29, 2024, Class D Shares with a value of were converted into Class I shares based on the NAV per share as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 35 

and redeemable common shares, respectively, which remain outstanding. 
 The Redeemable common shares are recorded at the greater of (i) their issuance amount, or (ii) their redemption value, which is equivalent to the fair value of the shares at the end of each measurement period. Accordingly, the Company recorded an allocation adjustment of ) and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Share and Unit Repurchases 
 The Company adopted a share repurchase plan whereby, subject to certain limitations, from January 2023 through June 30, 2023, shareholders could request, on a monthly basis, that the Company repurchase all or any portion of their shares. Shares were repurchased at a price equal to the transaction price on the applicable repurchase date, subject to any early repurchase deduction. For any shares held for less than , the Board waived the penalty that would have otherwise applied to the redemption value to shareholders. The total amount of aggregate repurchases of Class S, Class D, and Class I shares (excluding any early repurchase deduction) was limited to of the aggregate NAV per month (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding month) and of the aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding quarter). 
 The Company adopted an amended and restated repurchase plan (the Quarterly Repurchase Plan that was effective from July 1, 2023 through October 17, 2023. Under the Quarterly Repurchase Plan, the Company repurchased once per quarter no more than aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding three months). The Company conducted such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 The Company adopted an amended and restated repurchase plan (the Amended Share Repurchase Plan that was effective October 18, 2023. Under the Amended Share Repurchase Plan, the Company will repurchase shares once per quarter. The repurchase price per share will generally be equal to the NAV per share as of the last calendar day of the first month of the applicable calendar quarter, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be repurchased at of the transaction price. The aggregate NAV of total repurchases of Class S, Class D and Class I Shares is limited to no more than of the Company s aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV as of the end of the preceding three months for which NAV is available). Shareholders may request on a quarterly basis that the Company repurchase all or any portion of their shares and may submit such repurchase requests beginning after the start of the second month of the applicable calendar quarter. 
 The Company adopted an amended and restated share repurchase plan (the Third Amended Share Repurchase Plan effective March 13, 2024. Under the Third Amended Share Repurchase Plan, the Company will not apply the Early Repurchase Deduction on repurchases of the Company s common shares submitted by discretionary model portfolio management programs (and similar arrangements) as approved by the Company. 
 The Company adopted an amended and restated share repurchase plan (the Fourth Amended Share Repurchase Plan effective April 19, 2024 to incorporate the Class N shares. 
 Other than as described for Redeemable Common Shares and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests, the Company is not obligated to repurchase any shares and could choose to repurchase fewer shares than were requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, the Board may modify and suspend the Company s share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest and the best interest of its shareholders. In the event that the Company determined to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any quarter, shares repurchased during that quarter would be repurchased on a pro rata basis. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of common shares for a total of . Additionally, the Company converted OP Units to REIT Shares with a value of . There were no OP Units repurchased for cash during the period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of common shares and OP Units for a total of and . Additionally, the 
 36 

OP Units to REIT Shares with a value of . The Company had no unfulfilled repurchase requests during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of common shares for a total of . There were no OP Units repurchased for cash during the period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of common shares and OP Units for a total of and , respectively. The Company had no unfulfilled repurchase request during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Distributions 
 The Company generally intends to distribute substantially all of its taxable income, which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP, to its shareholders each year to comply with the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. Each class of common shares receive the same gross distribution per share. The net distribution varies for each class based on the applicable shareholder servicing fee, which is deducted from the monthly distribution per share and paid directly to the applicable distributor. 
 Shareholder servicing fee per common share ) ) ) ) ) Net distributions declared per common share 
 The following table details the aggregate distributions declared for each applicable class of common shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Class S Class N Class D Class I Class S Class N Class D Class I Aggregate gross distributions declared per common share Shareholder servicing fee per common share ) ) ) ) ) Net distributions declared per common share 
 The Company has adopted a distribution reinvestment plan whereby shareholders will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional common shares unless they elect to receive their distributions in cash. The per share purchase price for shares purchased pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan will be equal to the transaction price at the time the distribution is payable. Shareholders will not pay an upfront transaction fee when purchasing shares pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan. The ongoing servicing fees with respect to shares of Class S shares, Class N shares, and Class D shares are calculated based on the NAV for those shares and may reduce the NAV. 
 Redeemable Non-controlling Interest 
 In connection with its performance participation interest, the Special Limited Partners hold Class I units in NLT OP. See Note 10 - Related Party Transactions for further details of the Special Limited Partner s performance participation interest. Because the Special Limited Partners have the ability to redeem its Class I units for Class I shares in the Company or cash at their election, the Company has classified these Class I units as Redeemable Non-controlling Interest in mezzanine equity on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 37 

Settlement of prior performance participation allocation Repurchases ) GAAP income allocation ) Other comprehensive income ) Distributions ) ) Fair value allocation Reallocation between additional paid-in capital and non-controlling interests due to changes in NLT OP ownership Balance, end of period 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued Class I units in NLT OP to the Special Limited Partners as payment of the performance participation allocation. As of September 30, 2024, units had been redeemed for cash, and units had been exchanged for Class I shares in the Company. 
 The Redeemable Non-controlling Interests are recorded at the greater of (i) their carrying amount, adjusted for their share of the allocation of GAAP net income or loss and distributions, or (ii) their redemption value, which is equivalent to the fair value of such interests at the end of each measurement period. Accordingly, the Company recorded an allocation adjustment between Additional Paid-in Capital and Redeemable Non-controlling Interest of and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 and shares of restricted Class I shares, respectively. The restricted Class I shares are subject to a vesting period of months. The Company incurred total share-based compensation expense of approximately and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 13. 
 investments related to build-to-suit arrangements with maximum contractual funding obligations of . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid and/or accrued , resulting in a remaining unrecognized contractual obligation amount of as of September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company placed of the assets in service, resulting in remaining investments related to build-to-suit arrangements as of September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 3 - Investments in Real Estate, net for additional discussion. Our estimate of the Company s total future commitments to complete the construction of the build-to-suit assets is as of September 30, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made an indirect investment through BOREC Spider Member LLC in CoreWeave JV, which will construct an asset under a build-to-suit arrangement. See Note 4 - Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Affiliates for additional discussion. 
 
 14. 
 38 

) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to ORENT shareholders ) Net income attributable to dilutive OP Units Net income attributable to ORENT shareholders - dilutive Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive unvested grants of restricted Class I shares Effect of dilutive OP Units Weighted average shares of common shares outstanding - dilutive Net income (loss) per common share - basic ) Net income (loss) per common share - diluted ) 
 The computation of diluted net income per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes dilutive restricted Class I shares. The computation of diluted net income per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes and dilutive NLT OP Units, respectively. 
 The computation of diluted net income (loss) per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes dilutive restricted Class I shares. The computation of diluted net income (loss) per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 excludes and potentially dilutive NLT OP Units because their effect would have been anti-dilutive, respectively. 
 
 15. 
 operating segment and reportable segment as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 16. 
 and , respectively. The Company did not incur any income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 39 

U.S. State Foreign ) Total current expense Deferred Tax Expense U.S. Federal ) U.S. State ) Foreign 
 Total deferred tax expense Total income tax expense, net 
 Income tax expense is higher than expected pretax book income of the TRS at the 21.0 federal statutory rate as a result of basis differences on intercompany transfers of property to the TRS and state and local taxes. 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for GAAP purposes and the amount used for income tax purposes. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a net deferred tax liability of related to its DST program included within Other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, comprised of a deferred tax asset of for organization expenses and a deferred tax liability of for basis differences in real property. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had a net deferred tax asset of included within Other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, comprised of a deferred tax asset of for organization expenses and a deferred tax liability of for basis differences in real property. 
 Generally, the Company is subject to audit under the statute of limitations by the Internal Revenue Service IRS for the year ended December 31, 2022 and subsequent years. The Company is subject to audit under the statutes of limitation by the Canada Revenue Agency and provincial authorities with respect to its Canadian entities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and subsequent years. 
 
 17. 
 shares of its common shares (consisting of Class S shares, Class N shares, Class D shares, and Class I shares) resulting in net proceeds of to the Company as payment for such shares. 

40 

ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 References herein to Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust, Company, we, us, or our refer to Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical data, this discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business, operations and financial performance based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those in this discussion as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those discussed in Part I. Item 1A Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2024. Dollars are in thousands, except for per share amounts. 
 Overview 
 Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust invests primarily in stabilized income-generating commercial real estate in the United States. To a lesser extent, we may invest outside the U.S. and in real estate debt. The Company is the sole general partner and majority limited partner in Blue Owl NLT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership NLT OP or the Operating Partnership ), and we own substantially all of our assets through NLT OP. We are externally managed by our Adviser, Blue Owl Real Estate Capital, LLC. The Company s principal business is the acquisition, ownership, financing and leasing of single-tenant commercial real estate properties subject to long-term net leases with investment grade and other creditworthy tenants or guarantor, and its management does not distinguish the principal business, or group the operations, by geography or property type for purposes of measuring performance. Accordingly, the Company has only one reportable segment. 
 The Company was formed on April 4, 2022 Inception under the name Oak Street Net Lease Trust as a Maryland statutory trust; however, no activity occurred until the first capital funding from Blue Owl on August 9, 2022. On July 6, 2023, the Company changed its legal name from Oak Street Net Lease Trust (the Name Change and changed its resident agent and principal office in the State of Maryland (the Agent Change pursuant to a certificate of amendment to its Certificate of Trust filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland on July 3, 2023. The Company also amended and restated its Declaration of Trust and its bylaws on July 6, 2023 to reflect the Name Change and the Agent Change. In addition, on July 6, 2023, NLT OP changed its legal name from OakTrust Operating Partnership L.P. and the Adviser changed its legal name from Oak Street Real Estate Capital, LLC. 
 The Company is a non-listed, perpetual life real estate investment trust REIT that qualifies as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for U.S. federal income tax. We generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income taxes on our taxable income to the extent we annually distribute all of our net taxable income to Shareholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have received net proceeds of 3,725,757 from the sale of our common shares. We have contributed the net proceeds to NLT OP in exchange for a corresponding number of Class S, Class N, Class D, and Class I units of NLT OP. NLT OP has primarily used the net proceeds to make investments in real estate and real estate debt as further described below under Investment Portfolio. We intend to continue selling shares on a monthly basis. 
 DST Program 
 On August 31, 2023, the Company, through NLT OP, initiated a program (the DST Program to issue and sell up to a maximum aggregate offering amount of 3,000,000 of beneficial interests Interests in one or more Delaware statutory trusts (the DSTs holding real properties (the DST Properties ). The Interests will be issued and sold to accredited investors, as that term is defined under Regulation D promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act in private placements exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act (the DST Offerings ). Under the DST Program, DST Properties, which may be sold, contributed, sourced or otherwise seeded from the Company s real properties held through NLT OP or from third parties, will be held in one or more DSTs, and will be leased back by a wholly-owned subsidiary of NLT OP in accordance with corresponding master lease agreements. Each master lease agreement will be guaranteed by NLT OP, which will have the right, but not the obligation, to acquire the Interests in the applicable DST from the beneficial owners, in each case, in exchange for cash or units of NLT OP OP Units ), at a purchase price equal to the fair market value of the beneficial owner s Interest or the fair market value of the beneficial owner s interest in one or more of the DST Properties (the FMV Buyback Option ). The FMV Buyback Option is exercisable during the one-year option period beginning two years from the final closing of the applicable DST Offering or in such other time frame as provided for in the applicable DST arrangement. After a one-year holding period, investors who receive OP Units pursuant to the FMV 
 41 

Buyback Option generally have the right to cause NLT OP to redeem all or a portion of their OP Units for, at the Company s sole discretion, common shares of the Company, cash or a combination of both. 
 We expect that the DST Program will give us the opportunity to expand and diversify our capital-raising strategies by offering what we believe to be an attractive investment product for investors that may be seeking replacement properties to complete like-kind exchange transactions under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Affiliates of the Adviser are expected to receive fees in connection with the sale of the Interests and the management of the DSTs. We intend to use the net offering proceeds from the DST Program to make investments in accordance with our investment strategy and policies, reduce our borrowings, repay indebtedness, fund the repurchase of shares of all classes of our common shares under our share repurchase plan and for other corporate purposes. We have not allocated specific amounts of the net proceeds from the DST Program for any specific purpose. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has raised proceeds of 38,226 from its DST program including 382 of upfront fees earned at closing. As a result of the FMV Buyback Option, the sale of DST interests is offset by a financing obligation liability. The Company has elected to account for its DST financing obligation using the fair value option, and as such, the liability is remeasured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 We are and we will remain an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act until the earlier of (a) the last day of the fiscal year (i) following the fifth anniversary of the date of an initial public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (ii) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1,235,000, or (iii) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700,000 as of the date of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and (b) the date on which we have issued more than 1,000,000 in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We cannot predict if investors will find our Shares less attractive because we may rely on some or all of these exemptions. 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the 1933 Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We will take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate us since our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates and may result in less investor confidence. 
 Recent Developments 
 The Company s businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S. and to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the persistence of both elevated inflation and interest rates, in conjunction with geopolitical uncertainty, including the ongoing hostilities in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, continued to weigh on industry deal activity. It remains difficult to predict the full impact of recent events and any future changes in interest rates or inflation. 
 Industry valuations remain under pressure due to a combination of rising interest rates, cost inflation, elevated vacancy rates, and uncertainty around future capital availability. However, industry transaction volumes increased slightly compared to the previous quarter. In contrast, our real estate business, focused on triple net lease, continued to deploy significant capital. Our investors continue to benefit from the inflation-mitigating characteristics of the net lease structure, highly predictable net rent growth, and long-duration contractual income across the portfolio. 
 We are continuing to closely monitor developments related to the macroeconomic factors that have contributed to market volatility, and to assess the impact of these factors on financial markets and on our business. Our future results may be adversely affected by slowdowns in fundraising activity and the pace of capital deployment. It is currently not possible to predict the ultimate effects of these events on the financial markets, overall economy, and our Financial Statements. See Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Operations in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2024. 
 42 

Q3 2024 Highlights (Results of Operations) 
 Operating Results 
 Declared monthly net distributions totaling 64,109 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The details of the average annualized distribution rates and total returns are shown in the following table: 
 Class S Class N Class D Class I Annualized Distribution Rate (1) 
 6.12 6.40 6.79 6.91 Year-to-Date Total Return, without upfront selling commissions (2) 
 4.49 1.83 4.93 5.07 Year-to-Date Total Return, assuming maximum upfront selling commissions (2) 
 0.96 (0.17) 3.38 N/A Inception-to-Date Total Return, without upfront selling commissions (2) 
 6.54 5.60 6.66 7.70 Inception-to-Date Total Return, assuming maximum upfront selling commissions (2) 
 4.79 (0.49) 5.91 N/A 
 __________________ 
 (1) The annualized distribution rate is calculated as the current month's distribution annualized and divided by the prior month's net asset value, which is inclusive of all fees and expenses. The Company believes the annualized distribution rate is a useful measure of overall investment performance of our shares. 
 (2) Total return is calculated as the change in NAV per share during the respective periods plus any distributions per share declared in the period and assumes any distributions are reinvested in accordance with our distribution reinvestment plan. Total return for periods greater than one year are annualized. The Company believes total return is a useful measure of the overall investment performance of our shares. 
 Investments 
 Acquired seven industrial and four retail properties for a total purchase price of 322,117 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, of which 1,911 relates to land acquired that involves build-to-suit arrangements and is accounted for as investments in loans receivable. These acquisitions are consistent with our strategy of acquiring diversified, income-producing, commercial real estate assets concentrated in high growth markets. 
 Disposed of one industrial property and one land property for total net proceeds of 251,634 and recognized a net gain on dispositions of real estate of 42,906 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Invested 69,628 and sold 22 in real estate debt, consisting of CMBS investments during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 On August 27, 2024, the Company made an indirect investment of 11,812 through BOREC Spider LLC in CoreWeave JV. CoreWeave JV was formed to facilitate the investment of BOREC Spider Member LLC and AREP Chirisa CTP2 JV LLC to fund the development of an industrial property leased to CoreWeave in a build-to-suit arrangement. The Company holds a 15 membership interest in BOREC Spider Member LLC. 
 Capital Activity and Financings 
 Raised net proceeds of 600,204 from the sale of our common shares and repurchased 7,380,191 of our common shares for 74,509 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred and paid down our mortgage notes and credit facility debt as follows: (i) paid down secured debt of 355,048, respectively; and (ii) incurred and paid down unsecured debt of 794,345 and 882,490, respectively. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we entered into the Note Purchase Agreement governing the issuance of a total of 130,000 in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes. 
 Overall Portfolio 
 Our portfolio as of September 30, 2024 consisted of investments in real estate (59 ), investments in leases (10 ), investments in real estate debt (3 ), and investments in unconsolidated real estate affiliates (28 ), based on fair value. 
 Our 241 properties as of September 30, 2024, of which 232 are wholly-owned, consisted of Industrial (65 ), Retail (28 ), Land (1 ), and Office (6 ), based on fair value. 
 43 

Our investments in real estate debt as of September 30, 2024, consisted of a commercial real estate loan and CMBS. For further details on credit rating and underlying real estate collateral, refer to Investment Portfolio Investments in Real Estate Debt . 
 Our investments in unconsolidated real estate affiliates consisted of equity investments in STORE, Tenneco JV, CoreWeave JV, and Fleet Farm JV. As of September 30, 2024, our investments in STORE, Tenneco JV, CoreWeave JV, and Fleet Farm JV were 1,536,699, 28,092, 11,510, and 5,646, respectively. 
 Investment Portfolio 
 Real Estate Investments 
 The following chart describes the diversification of our investments in real estate by property type 1 based on fair value as of September 30, 2024: Property Type 1 

1 Property Type weighting is measured as the asset value of our real estate investments for each sector category against the total asset value of all real estate investments, excluding the value of any third-party interests in such real estate investments. Real estate investments include our direct property investments and properties held within joint ventures managed by our Adviser. Real estate investments excludes properties held in joint ventures managed by third parties, including the Company s investment in STORE. 
 44 

The following table provides a summary of our portfolio as of September 30, 2024, including Investments in real estate and Investments in leases financing receivables: Property Type (1) 
 Number of Properties Sq. Feet (in thousands) Occupancy Rate (4) (5) 
 Average Effective Annual Base Rent Per Leased Sq. Foot 
 Gross Asset Value (3) 
 Annual Base Rent 
 Percentage of Total Revenue Industrial (2) 
 69 19,203 100 7.70 2,634,159 143,182 61 Retail (2) 
 167 2,564 95 27.70 1,130,668 66,164 28 Land 1 215 N/A 22.30 52,220 4,791 2 Office 4 1,006 100 19.90 263,736 19,996 9 Total 
 241 22,988 4,080,783 234,133 100 __________ 
 (1) Excludes indirect investment in STORE. 
 (2) Includes properties owned by unconsolidated entities. 
 (3) Based on fair value as of September 30, 2024. 
 (4) Occupancy rate is calculated as the percentage of square footage leased. 
 (5) Land investments are excluded from Occupancy Rate. Build-to-suit investments are included in Occupancy Rate to the extent a lease has been executed. 
 
 Real Estate and Leases 
 The following table provides information regarding our real estate property types as of September 30, 2024: 
 Property Type and Investment (1) 
 Number of Properties Location Acquisition/Commencement Date Ownership Interest Sq. Feet (in thousands) Occupancy Rate (7) 
 Industrial: Amazon 5 Various Aug. - Dec. 2022 100 4,964 100 Dorel Industries 1 Cornwall, ON November 2022 100 492 100 EquipmentShare.com (6) 
 31 Various Oct. - Nov. 2022, June 2024 100 780 100 Magna International 1 Bowling Green, KY September 2022 100 1,176 100 Paradigm 3 Various October 2022 100 314 100 Whirlpool 1 Amana, IA November 2022 100 1,572 100 Tenneco (2) 
 11 Various Dec. 2022 - Jul. 2023 100 / 51 3,437 100 LOC Performance 2 Various March 2023 100 990 100 QVC 2 Various January 2023 100 2,166 100 Save Mart (4) 
 2 Various September 2023 100 555 100 Quanta Cloud 1 San Jose, CA June 2024 100 91 100 General Mills 
 1 Belvidere, IL July 2024 100 1,318 100 Hillenbrand 
 2 Various September 2024 100 712 100 Air Distributions Technologies 
 4 Various July 2024 100 482 100 CoreWeave (2)(6) 
 1 Chester, VA August 2024 15 142 100 Johnson Controls 1 Seattle, WA September 2022 100 12 100 Retail: Cracker Barrel 53 Various September 2022 100 537 100 Fleet Farm (2) 
 2 Various August 2022 49 428 100 Ramoco Fuels NC LLC (5) 
 27 Various September 2023 100 94 100 Convenience Store Operator (5) 
 20 Various September 2023 100 121 Walgreen Co. 29 Various September 2022 100 426 100 Maverick Gaming 11 Various Sept. 2022 - Jul. 2023 100 317 100 Save Mart 10 Various July 2023 100 475 100 N L Investments (5) 
 8 Various September 2024 100 22 100 
 45 

LV Petroleum (6) 
 7 Various May - August 2024 
 100 144 100 Office: Chubb 2 Whitehouse, NJ November 2022 100 429 100 Energy Center 1 Houston, TX October 2022 100 524 100 EquipmentShare.com 1 Colombia, MO October 2022 100 53 100 Land: HOF Village Waterpark 1 Canton, OH November 2022 100 215 N/A (3) 
 Total 
 241 22,988 
 
 __________________ 
 (1) Excludes indirect investment in STORE which owns properties leased to tenants on a triple-net lease basis. 
 (2) Includes properties owned by unconsolidated entities. Ownership Interest less than 100 represents percentage of unconsolidated affiliate owned by the Company. 
 (3) Land investments are excluded from Occupancy Rate. Build-to-suit investments are included in Occupancy Rate to the extent a lease has been executed. 
 (4) Properties contributed to DST Program, but remain consolidated under GAAP. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 44 of the DST interests has been sold to third parties. 
 (5) Properties previously leased to SQRL Holdings and initially acquired in September 2022. 
 (6) Includes build-to-suit assets currently in development. 
 (7) Occupancy Rate is calculated as the percentage of square footage leased. 
 
 Lease Expirations 
 The following schedule details the expiring leases at our real estate properties by annualized base rent and square footage as of September 30, 2024 (square feet data in thousands): 
 Year Number of Expiring Leases Annualized Base Rent of Total Annualized Base Rent Expiring Square Feet (in thousands) of Total Square Feet Expiring 2024 (remaining) 2025 2026 2027 2028 1 1,946 1 191 1 2029 2030 2031 2032 2 10,554 4 1,187 5 2033 17 10,963 5 1,551 7 Thereafter 177 210,670 90 19,160 87 Total 197 234,133 100 22,089 100 
 
 STORE 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company holds a 16.1 ownership interest in STORE, which owns 3,245 properties in the United States, leased to 635 tenants in various industries on a triple-net basis. We initially acquired the investment in STORE in February 2023 with incremental interests purchased throughout 2023 and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We have determined that STORE is a significant subsidiary under SEC Regulation S-X 10-01(b) as of September 30, 2024. Accordingly, the Company is required to include STORE s summarized information from its statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Item 1. Financial Statements 
 46 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 4. Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Affiliates for the summarized statements of operations. 
 Investments in Real Estate Debt 
 The following table details our investments in real estate debt as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 Type of Security/Loan Weighted Average Coupon (1) 
 Weighted Average Maturity Date (2) 
 Face Amount Cost Basis Fair Value CMBS SOFR +4 
 8/13/2037 124,427 123,823 124,311 Commercial real estate loan (3) 
 14 7/12/2025 34,696 34,696 34,696 Total investments in real estate debt 10 159,123 158,519 159,007 
 __________________ 
 (1) The term secured overnight financing rate SOFR refers to the relevant floating benchmark rate, one-month SOFR. 
 (2) Weighted average maturity date is based on the fully extended maturity date of the instrument. 
 (3) The borrower for the commercial real estate loan is NLCA Real Estate Holdings, LLC. 
 (4) Total investments in real estate debt per the tables above exclude our investments in loans receivable, which had a balance 27,765 of as of September 30, 2024. 

47 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth the results of our operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except per share data): Three Months Ended Change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenues Rental revenue 52,684 48,071 4,613 Income from Investment in leases - Financing receivables 17,133 15,044 2,089 Total revenues 69,817 63,115 6,702 Expenses Rental property operating 6,513 6,818 (305) General and administrative 6,732 15,976 (9,244) Impairment charges 9,033 (9,033) Management fee 12,330 6,045 6,285 Performance participation allocation 7,440 5,791 1,649 Depreciation and amortization 24,489 21,707 2,782 Total expenses 57,504 65,370 (7,866) Other income (expense) Income from unconsolidated real estate affiliates 22,811 13,152 9,659 Net gain on dispositions 42,906 42,906 Interest expense (27,602) (34,629) 7,027 Interest income 5,345 2,853 2,492 Other (expense) income, net (4,344) 228 (4,572) Total other income (expense), net 39,116 (18,396) 57,512 Net income (loss) before income taxes 51,429 (20,651) 72,080 Income tax expense 1,026 1,026 Net income (loss) 50,403 (20,651) 71,054 Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (3,629) 2,858 (6,487) Net income (loss) attributable to ORENT shareholders 46,774 (17,793) 64,567 Net income (loss) per common share basic 0.13 (0.11) Net income (loss) per common share diluted 0.13 (0.11) Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic 357,017,433 156,903,346 Weighted-average common shares outstanding, diluted 386,191,878 156,919,558 
 Rental Revenue 
 Rental revenue from our income property operations was 52,684 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 48,071 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in respective revenues during the periods presented is primarily due to an increase in the real estate portfolio from 170 properties as of September 30, 2023 to 189 properties as of September 30, 2024, as well as an increase in expense recovery income included in variable lease payments from September 30, 2023 to September 30, 2024. 
 Income from Investment in Leases - Financing Receivables 
 Income from investment in leases - financing receivables was 17,133 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 15,044 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in respective revenues during the periods 
 48 

presented is due to an increase in the investment properties that were accounted for as financing receivables from 14 at September 30, 2023 to 21 at September 30, 2024, resulting from failed sales-leaseback transactions under U.S. GAAP. 
 Rental Property Operating Expenses 
 Rental property expenses were 6,513 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 6,818 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is primarily the result of decreases in our current year maintenance, property management, and real estate tax expenses, offset by an increase in insurance expense. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 6,732 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 15,976 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in general and administrative expenses is primarily due to a decrease in the credit allowance adjustment under the CECL model. 
 Impairment of Intangibles 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized 9,033 of impairment charges on intangible assets related to one tenant, Mountain Express, for which the leases were rejected by bankruptcy court in August 2023. The Company did not recognize impairment charges during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Management Fee 
 The management fee for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 12,330 and 6,045, respectively. The increase was primarily due to an increase in NAV. 
 Performance Participation Allocation 
 Performance participation allocation was 7,440 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 5,791 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in NAV in excess of the required 5 return. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization was 24,489 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 21,707 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in depreciation and amortization during the periods presented is due to an increase in the real estate portfolio from 170 properties as of September 30, 2023, to 189 properties as of September 30, 2024, as well as assets placed in service during 2023 that were previously under construction. 
 Income from Unconsolidated Real Estate Affiliates 
 Income from unconsolidated real estate affiliates was 22,811 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 13,152 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Income from Unconsolidated Real Estate Affiliates is primarily due to the increase in the Company s ownership in STORE. 
 Net Gain on Dispositions 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a net gain on dispositions of real estate of 42,906. The Company disposed of one industrial property and one land property for total proceeds of 251,634. The Company did not dispose of any properties during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 27,602 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 34,629 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in expense in the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a decrease in mortgage borrowings as well as no interest expense on the affiliate line of credit, which was paid down during the second quarter of the current year, partially offset by an increase in our credit facility borrowings. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income was 5,345 and 2,853 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in interest income in the current year was primarily due to higher interest income on our investments in real estate debt. 
 49 

Other (Expense) Income, net 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 the Company recognized other expense, net of 4,344, compared to other income, net of 228 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily due to debt extinguishment fees related to the payment of mortgage loans and losses on derivatives for which the Company has not elected hedge accounting. 

50 

The following table sets forth the results of our operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except per share data): 
 Nine Months Ended Change September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenues Rental revenue 152,355 139,066 13,289 Income from Investment in leases - Financing receivables 46,704 42,673 4,031 Other revenue 199,059 181,739 17,320 Expenses Rental property operating 19,301 17,504 1,797 General and administrative 18,242 23,548 (5,306) Impairment charges 4,849 9,033 (4,184) Management fee 31,134 15,103 16,031 Performance participation allocation 22,602 13,925 8,677 Depreciation and amortization 70,641 50,377 20,264 Total expenses 166,769 129,490 37,279 Other income (expense) Income from unconsolidated real estate affiliates 96,205 29,926 66,279 Net gain on dispositions 43,620 43,620 Interest expense (96,705) (86,962) (9,743) Interest income 11,444 6,797 4,647 Other (expense) income, net (3,829) 257 (4,086) Total other income (expense), net 50,735 (49,982) 100,717 Net income before income taxes 
 83,025 2,267 80,758 Income tax expense 2,438 2,438 Net income 
 80,587 2,267 78,320 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests 
 (6,546) (1,904) (4,642) Net income attributable to ORENT shareholders 
 74,041 363 73,678 Net income per common share basic 
 0.25 Net income per common share diluted 
 0.25 Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic 295,966,833 127,652,548 Weighted-average common shares outstanding, diluted 324,923,336 127,668,760 
 Rental Revenue 
 Rental revenue from our income property operations was 152,355 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 139,066 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in respective revenues during the periods presented is primarily due to an increase in the real estate portfolio from 170 properties as of September 30, 2023 to 189 properties as of September 30, 2024, contractual rent increases across the existing portfolio, and an increase in expense recovery income included in variable lease payments from September 30, 2023 to September 30, 2024. 
 Income from Investment in Leases - Financing Receivables 
 Income from investment in leases - financing receivables was 46,704 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 42,673 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in respective revenues during the periods 
 51 

presented is due to an increase in the investment properties that were accounted for as financing receivables from 14 at September 30, 2023 to 21 at September 30, 2024, resulting from failed sales-leaseback transactions under U.S. GAAP. 
 Rental Property Operating Expenses 
 Rental property operating expenses were 19,301 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 17,504 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily the result of an increase in our current year real estate tax expense estimate, state and local taxes, and insurance expense, offset by decreased maintenance expense compared to the prior year. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses were 18,242 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 23,548 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in respective general and administrative expense is primarily due to a decrease in the credit allowance adjustment under the CECL model, partially offset by increases in salaries expense and legal fees. 
 Impairment of Intangibles 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized 4,849 of impairment charges as a result of the Company terminating its leases with SQRL Holdings due to non-payment of rent. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized impairment charges of 9,033 on intangible assets related to one tenant, Mountain Express, for which the leases were rejected by bankruptcy court in August 2023. 
 Management Fee 
 The management fee for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 31,134 and 15,103, respectively. The increase was primarily due to an increase in NAV. 
 Performance Participation Allocation 
 Performance participation allocation was 22,602 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 13,925 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in NAV in excess of the required 5 return. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization was 70,641 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 50,377 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in depreciation and amortization during the periods presented is due to an increase in the real estate portfolio from 170 properties as of September 30, 2023, to 189 properties as of September 30, 2024, as well as assets placed in service during 2023 that were previously under construction. 
 Income from Unconsolidated Real Estate Affiliates 
 Income from unconsolidated real estate affiliates was 96,205 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 29,926 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in Income from Unconsolidated Real Estate Affiliates is primarily due to the increase in the Company s ownership in STORE. 
 Net Gain on Dispositions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a net gain on dispositions of real estate of 43,620. The Company disposed of one industrial property, one retail property, one land property and one parcel of excess land at an industrial property for total proceeds of 256,893. The Company did not dispose of any properties during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 96,705 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 86,962 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in expense was primarily due to an increase in credit facility borrowings, interest on the STORE FIPA loan, and a reduction in capitalized interest for properties under construction, as the properties were placed in service in 2023. 
 52 

Interest Income 
 Interest income was 11,444 and 6,797 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in interest income in the current year was primarily due to higher interest income on our investments in real estate debt, as well as an increase in interest earned on our deposits with banks. 
 Other (Expense) Income, net 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized other expense, net of 3,829, compared to other income, net of 257 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily due to debt extinguishment fees related to the payment of mortgage loans, and losses on derivatives for which the Company has not elected hedge accounting. 
 53 

Net Asset Value and NAV Per Share Calculation 
 Each class has an undivided interest in our assets and liabilities, other than class-specific ongoing servicing fees. In accordance with the valuation guidelines, our NAV per share for each class as of the last calendar day of each month, using a process that reflects several components, includes the estimated fair value of (1) each of our properties (including the DST Properties), (2) our real estate debt and other securities for which third-party market quotes are available, (3) our other real estate debt and other securities, if any, and (4) our other assets and liabilities. The NAV for each class of shares will be based on the net asset values of our investments (including real estate debt and other securities), the addition of any other assets (such as cash on hand), and the deduction of any liabilities (including the allocation/accrual of any performance participation to Blue Owl Oak Trust Carry LLC, a controlled subsidiary of Blue Owl, and Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust CPV LP, controlled by senior and other officers of Blue Owl (each a Special Limited Partner and the deduction of any ongoing servicing fees specifically applicable to such class of shares). At the end of each month, before taking into consideration repurchases or class-specific expense accruals for that month, any change in our aggregate NAV (whether an increase or decrease) is allocated among each class of shares based on each class s relative percentage of the previous aggregate NAV plus issuances of shares that were effective on the first calendar day of such month. Following the aggregation of the net asset values of our investments, the addition of any other assets (such as cash on hand), and the deduction of any other liabilities, any class-specific adjustments are incorporated into our NAV, including additional issuances and repurchases of our Shares and accruals of class-specific ongoing servicing fees. For each applicable class of shares, the ongoing servicing fee is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate NAV for such class of shares. At the close of business on the date that is one business day after each record date for any declared distribution, our NAV for each class will be reduced to reflect the accrual of our liability to pay any distribution to our shareholders of record of each class as of the record date. NAV per share for each class is calculated by dividing such class s NAV at the end of each month by the number of Shares outstanding for that class at the end of such month. 
 Our total NAV presented in the following tables includes the NAV of our Class S, Class N, Class D, and Class I common shares, as well as the partnership interests of NLT OP held by parties other than the Company. The following table provides a breakdown of the major components of our NAV as of September 30, 2024 (dollars are in thousands): 
 Components of NAV September 30, 2024 Cash and cash equivalents 113,372 Restricted cash 127,118 Investments in real estate, net 3,167,410 Investment in leases - financing receivables 516,007 Investments in real estate debt 186,999 Intangible assets, net 205,553 Investments in unconsolidated real estate affiliates 1,583,073 Other assets 27,871 Mortgage notes and credit facility (1,497,548) Unsecured senior notes, net (128,131) Due to Affiliates (18,812) Accounts payable and accrued expenses (120,808) Other Liabilities (98,128) Net Asset Value 4,063,976 Number of outstanding shares/units 402,347,563 
 54 

The following table provides a breakdown of our total NAV and NAV per share/unit by class as of September 30, 2024 (dollars are in thousands except for per share amounts): 
 NAV per share Class S Shares Class N Shares Class D Shares Class I Shares Third - Party Operating Partnership Units (2) 
 Total NAV 1,660,982 84,295 12,243 2,008,677 297,779 4,063,976 Number of outstanding shares/units 165,011,665 8,304,936 1,230,261 198,390,085 (1) 
 29,410,616 402,347,563 NAV Per Share/Unit as of September 30, 2024 
 10.0658 10.1499 9.9517 10.1249 10.1249 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes Class I Shares subject to redemption features, classified as Redeemable common shares. 
 (2) Includes the partnership interests of NLT OP held by the Special Limited Partners and parties other than us. 
 The following table details the weighted average capitalization rate by property type, which is the key assumption used in the valuations as of September 30, 2024: Property Type Capitalization Rate (1) 
 Industrial 5.7 Land 9.4 Office 8.3 Retail 6.8 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes our direct property investments and properties held within joint ventures managed by our Adviser. Excludes properties held in joint ventures managed by third parties, including the Company s investment in STORE. 
 
 These assumptions are determined by the Adviser and reviewed by our independent valuation advisor. A change in these assumptions would impact the calculation of the value of our property investments. For example, assuming all other factors remain unchanged, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on our investment values: 
 Input Hypothetical Change Industrial Land Office Retail Capitalization Rate 0.25 Decrease +3.7 +2.7 +3.4 +4.4 (weighted average) 0.25 Increase (3.4) (2.7) (3.2) (3.9) 
 55 

The following table reconciles shareholders equity and NLT OP partner s capital per our Consolidated Balance Sheet to our NAV (in thousands): September 30, 2024 Shareholder's equity 3,376,952 Non-controlling interests attributable to NLT OP 248,257 Redeemable non-controlling interests 32,071 Redeemable common shares 73,051 Total partners' capital of NLT OP under GAAP 3,730,331 Adjustments: Accrued shareholder servicing fee 88,497 Accrued organization and offering costs 10,061 Accumulated depreciation and amortization under GAAP 158,396 Allowance for credit losses under GAAP 19,694 Unrealized net real estate and real estate debt appreciation 109,130 Accrued interest on financing receivables (17,650) Straight-line rent (35,291) Deferred tax liability 808 NAV 4,063,976 
 The following details the adjustments to reconcile GAAP shareholders equity and total partners capital of NLT OP to our NAV: 
 Under GAAP, we accrue the ongoing shareholder servicing fee as an offering cost at the time we sell the Class S, Class N, and Class D shares. For purposes of calculating NAV, we recognize the ongoing servicing fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis when such fee is paid. 
 The Adviser agreed to advance certain organization and offering costs on our behalf through September 1, 2023. Such costs will be reimbursed to the Adviser on a pro-rata basis over a 60 month period beginning September 1, 2023. Under GAAP, organization costs have been accrued as a liability. For purposes of calculating NAV, such costs will be recognized as paid over the 60-month reimbursement period. 
 We depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. Such depreciation and amortization is not recorded for purposes of calculating our NAV. Our mortgage notes, term loan credit facilities, and unsecured revolving credit facilities Debt are presented at their amortized cost basis in our consolidated GAAP financial statements. As such, any increases or decreases in the fair market value of our investments in real estate or our Debt are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of calculating our NAV, our investments in real estate and our Debt are recorded at fair value. 
 In accordance with GAAP, the Company accrues interest income from Investments in leases financing receivables under the effective interest method. Interest income in excess of the payment is recorded as interest receivable, which is not recognized for purposes of calculating NAV. 
 We recognize rental revenue on a straight-line basis under GAAP. Such straight-line rent adjustments and their impact on deferred taxes are excluded for purposes of calculating NAV. 
 Distributions 
 Beginning September 21, 2022, we declared monthly distributions for each class of our common shares, which are generally paid 20 days after month-end. We have paid distributions consecutively each month since such time. Class S, Class D, and Class I common shares received aggregate gross distributions of 0.1750 and 0.5250 per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Class N received aggregate gross distributions per share of 0.1750 and 0.2333 per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as Class N shares were only outstanding for four months of the year. The net distribution varies for each class of common shares based on the applicable shareholder servicing fee, which is deducted from the monthly distribution per share and paid directly to the Dealer Manager for further remittance to the applicable distributor. 
 56 

The following table details the total net distribution for each of our share classes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Record Date Class S Class N Class D Class I January 31, 2024 0.0512 0.0563 0.0583 February 29, 2024 0.0512 0.0563 0.0583 March 31, 2024 0.0512 0.0562 0.0583 April 30, 2024 0.0512 0.0562 0.0583 May 31, 2024 0.0512 0.0562 0.0584 June 30, 2024 0.0512 0.0541 0.0563 0.0584 July 31, 2024 0.0512 0.0541 0.0563 0.0583 August 31, 2024 0.0512 0.0541 0.0563 0.0583 September 30, 2024 0.0512 0.0541 0.0563 0.0584 Total 0.4608 0.2164 0.5064 0.5250 
 Record Date Class S Class N Class D Class I January 31, 2023 0.0511 0.0562 0.0583 February 28, 2023 0.0512 0.0563 0.0583 March 31, 2023 0.0510 0.0562 0.0584 April 30, 2023 0.0511 0.0562 0.0583 May 31, 2023 0.0512 0.0563 0.0583 June 30, 2023 0.0511 0.0562 0.0584 July 31, 2023 0.0511 0.0562 0.0583 August 31, 2023 0.0511 0.0562 0.0583 September 30, 2023 0.0511 0.0562 0.0583 Total 0.4599 0.5061 0.5250 
 The following table details our distributions declared for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Payable in cash 35,515 55 14,501 56 91,304 56 36,055 58 Reinvested in shares 28,594 45 11,329 44 70,562 44 26,723 42 Total distributions 64,109 100 25,830 100 161,866 100 62,778 100 Sources of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities (1) 
 64,109 100 25,830 100 161,866 100 62,778 100 Offering proceeds Total sources of distributions 64,109 100 25,830 100 161,866 100 62,778 100 Cash flows from operating activities 57,597 34,028 131,334 111,199 Funds from Operations (2) 
 29,885 7,746 103,411 48,798 Adjusted Funds from Operations (2) 
 54,110 25,633 128,353 80,084 
 ______________ 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, our inception to date cash flows from operating activities have funded 100 of our distributions. 
 (2) See "Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations" below for a description of Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations. Refer to below for reconciliations of these amounts to GAAP net income attributable to ORENT shareholders and for considerations on how to review these metrics. 
 57 

Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations 
 We believe funds from operations FFO is a meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. Our consolidated financial statements are presented using historical cost accounting which, among other things, requires depreciation of real estate investments to be calculated on a straight-line basis. As a result, our operating results imply that the value of our real estate investments have decreased over time. However, we believe that the value of our real estate investments will fluctuate over time based on market conditions and, as such, depreciation under historical cost accounting may be less informative as a measure of our performance. FFO is an operating measure defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT that is broadly used in the REIT industry. FFO, as defined by NAREIT and presented below, is calculated as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding (i) depreciation and amortization, (ii) impairment of investments in real estate, (iii) net gains or losses from sales of real estate, and (iv) similar adjustments for non-controlling interests and unconsolidated entities. 
 We also believe that adjusted FFO AFFO is an additional meaningful non-GAAP supplemental measure of our operating results. AFFO further adjusts FFO to reflect the performance of our portfolio by adjusting for items we believe are not directly attributable to our operations. Our adjustments to FFO to arrive at AFFO include removing the impact of (i) straight-line rental income and expense, (ii) deferred income amortization, (iii) amortization of above- and below-market lease intangibles, (iv) amortization of mortgage premium/discount, (v) unrealized gains or losses from changes in the fair value of real estate debt, investments in unconsolidated real estate affiliates, and other financial instruments, (vi) gains and losses resulting from foreign currency translations, (vii) provision for credit losses, (viii) non-cash income, (ix) non-cash performance participation allocation, even if repurchased by us, (x) management fees paid in shares or NLT OP Units, even if subsequently repurchased by us, (xi) non-cash interest expense on affiliate line of credit paid in shares or NLT OP Units, even if subsequently repurchased by us, (xii) organization costs, (xiii) amortization of deferred financing costs, (xiv) shareholder servicing fees paid during the period, and (xv) similar adjustments for non-controlling interests and unconsolidated entities. AFFO is not defined by NAREIT and our calculation of AFFO may not be comparable to disclosures made by other REITs. 
 The Company s definition of AFFO excludes the impact of the amortization of deferred financing costs DFCs on our debt, which is included in GAAP net income (loss). We do not consider the amortization of DFCs to be directly attributable to our operations and view DFCs similar to acquisition expenses, which are capitalized into the cost basis of our investments, and therefore excluded from AFFO. We believe that excluding amortization of DFCs from our calculations of AFFO and results in metrics that better reflect the results of our operations. 
 FFO and AFFO should not be considered more relevant or accurate than GAAP net income (loss) in evaluating our operating performance. In addition, FFO and AFFO should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) as indications of our performance or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities as indications of our liquidity, but rather should be reviewed in conjunction with these and other GAAP measurements. Further, FFO and AFFO are not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. In addition, our methodology for calculating AFFO may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar supplemental performance measures, and accordingly, our reported AFFO may not be comparable to the AFFO reported by other companies. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to ORENT shareholders to FFO and AFFO attributable to ORENT shareholders (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income attributable to ORENT shareholders 46,774 (17,793) 74,041 363 Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Depreciation and amortization 24,489 21,707 70,641 50,377 Impairment charges 9,033 4,849 9,033 Net gain on dispositions of real estate (42,906) (43,620) Amount attributable to investment in unconsolidated affiliate 149 149 447 447 Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments 1,379 (5,350) (2,947) (11,422) FFO attributable to ORENT shareholders 29,885 7,746 103,411 48,798 
 58 

Adjustments to arrive at AFFO: Straight-line rental income (4,899) (5,021) (14,017) (13,539) Amortization of ground lease and below market lease intangibles 49 114 253 372 Amortization of mortgage discount 137 388 Unrealized loss on foreign currency derivatives 1,447 258 Unrealized gains from changes in fair value of financial instruments 
 (244) (88) (344) (97) Adjustment for investments accounted for under fair value option 6,961 (15,160) Unrealized loss from changes in fair value of DST financing obligation 434 994 Provision for credit losses 
 2,314 10,976 3,056 11,792 Accretion of tenant loan receivable (1,569) (2,825) (9,372) (7,791) Performance participation allocation 7,440 5,791 22,602 13,925 Management fee 12,330 6,045 31,134 15,103 Interest on affiliate line of credit 4,350 5,420 12,841 Organization costs 127 416 Debt extinguishment fees 3,309 3,309 Amortization of deferred financing costs and derivatives 2,475 4,081 9,201 10,511 Shareholder servicing fees (3,538) (1,655) (8,780) (4,125) Amount attributable to investment in unconsolidated affiliate (21) (51) (119) (159) Amount attributable to non-controlling interests for above adjustments (2,263) (4,094) (3,493) (8,351) AFFO attributable to ORENT shareholders 54,110 25,633 128,353 80,084 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 We believe we have sufficient liquidity to operate our business, with immediate liquidity comprised of cash and cash equivalents of 113,372 and 471,137 available under our credit facility as of September 30, 2024. In addition to our immediate liquidity, we obtain incremental liquidity through the sale of our common shares, from which we generated net proceeds of 1,738,437 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as well as through the ability to sell our CMBS investments with a fair value of 124,311 as of September 30, 2024. Additionally, we may incur indebtedness secured by our real estate and real estate debt investments, borrow money through unsecured financings, or incur other forms of indebtedness. We may also generate incremental liquidity through the sale of our real estate and proceeds from our DST Program. 
 Our primary liquidity needs are to fund our investments, make distributions to our shareholders, repurchase common shares pursuant to our share repurchase plan, pay operating expenses, fund capital expenditures and build-to-suit commitments, and repay indebtedness. Our operating expenses include, among other things, the management fee we pay to the Adviser and the performance participation allocation that NLT OP pays to the Special Limited Partners, both of which will impact our liquidity to the extent the Adviser or the Special Limited Partners elect to receive such payments in cash, or subsequently redeem shares or NLT OP Units previously issued to them. 
 Our cash needs for acquisitions and other capital investments will be funded primarily from the sale of common shares and through the incurrence or assumption of debt. Other potential future sources of capital include secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders and proceeds from the sale of assets. If necessary, we may use financings or other sources of capital in the event of unforeseen significant capital expenditures. We expect to be able to refinance debt obligations maturing in the near term through the use of capacity on our unsecured line of credit or exercise of existing extension options. 
 We continue to believe that our current liquidity position is sufficient to meet the need of our expected investment activity. 
 59 

Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, our indebtedness included loans secured by our properties, unsecured credit facilities, and an affiliate note payable. 
 The following table is a summary of our indebtedness as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): 
 Principal Balance as of Indebtedness Weighted Average Interest Rate (1)(6) 
 Weighted Average Maturity Date 
 Maximum Facility Size September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Mortgage notes credit facility: Unsecured term loan credit facility (2) 
 S + 1.50 
 8/11/2027 1,165,500 1,165,500 1,095,500 Unsecured revolving credit facility (3) 
 S + 1.68 8/11/2026 724,500 252,988 231,255 Fixed rate mortgages 6.25 4/6/2029 N/A 43,000 Variable rate mortgages (4) 
 S + 1.80 
 1/6/2026 N/A 48,477 546,005 Deferred financing costs, net (12,362) (13,172) Total Mortgage notes credit facility, net: 
 1,497,603 1,859,588 Unsecured senior notes 
 Unsecured senior notes (5) 
 6.35 2/2/2030 N/A 130,000 Deferred financing costs, net 
 (1,869) Unsecured senior notes, net 
 128,131 Affiliate line of credit Affiliate line of credit (6) 
 S + 1.55 6/30/2024 N/A 200,000 Affiliate line of credit, net: 
 200,000 Total indebtedness 1,625,734 2,059,588 
 _______________ 
 (1) The term S refers to the relevant floating benchmark rates, which include daily secured overnight financing rate SOFR ), 30-day SOFR, one-month euro interbank offered rate EURIBOR ), daily Canadian overnight repo rate average CORRA ), and one-month SONIA as applicable to each loan. As of September 30, 2024, we have outstanding interest rate swaps and interest rate caps that mitigate our exposure to potential future interest rate increases under our floating-rate debt. See further discussion of outstanding interest rate swaps and caps below. 
 (2) The unsecured term loan credit facility bears interest at a base rate plus a margin ranging from 0.25 to 1.85 . The base rate is the greater of (a) Keybank N.A. s announced prime rate, (b) 0.5 above the federal funds effective rate, (c) SOFR plus 0.10 , and (d) 1.0 . The weighted average interest rate for the unsecured term loan credit facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.89 (unhedged) and 5.26 (hedged). As of September 30, 2024, we have outstanding interest rate swaps with aggregate notional values of 700,000, 250,000, 145,500 and 70,000 that are structured such that the SOFR rates result in fixed rates of 3.65 , 3.42 , 4.23 and 3.67 , respectively. 
 (3) The unsecured revolving credit facility consists of USD USD Revolver and Alternative Alternative Revolver denominated currencies, and bears interest at a base rate plus a margin ranging from 0.30 to 1.90 . The base rate is the greater of (a) Keybank N.A. s announced prime rate, (b) 0.5 above the federal funds effective rate, (c) adjusted floating rate, and (d) 1.0 . The adjusted floating rate for the USD Revolver is SOFR plus 0.10 , while the Alternative Revolver is EURIBOR for Euro borrowings, and CORRA plus 0.30 for Canadian Dollar borrowings. The weighted average interest rate for the unsecured revolving credit facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.58 (unhedged) and 6.15 (hedged). As of September 30, 2024, we have outstanding interest rate swaps with aggregate notional values of 30,000 and 100,000 that are structured such that the SOFR rate results in a fixed rate of 3.67 and 3.40 , respectively. 
 (4) We have an interest rate swap with an aggregate notional value of 48,892 as of September 30, 2024, that is structured such that the variable rate results in a fixed rate of 3.74 . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repaid 494,902 of variable rate mortgages. 
 (5) On August 28, 2024, Blue Owl NLT Operating Partnership LP, entered into the Note Purchase Agreement governing the issuance of a total of 130,000 in aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes. Interest on the notes is due semi-annually on the 28th day of February and August of each year, beginning on February 28, 2025. Proceeds from the issuance of the notes were used to pay down existing indebtedness of the Company and for other general purposes. 
 (6) The affiliate note payable bore interest at a base rate plus a margin ranging from 0.30 to 1.90 . The base rate was the greater of (a) Keybank N.A. s announced prime rate, (b) 0.5 above the federal funds effective rate, (c) SOFR plus 0.10 , and (d) 1.0 . The weighted average interest rate for the affiliate note payable for the period from January 1, 2024 through the maturity date of June 30, 2024 was 6.97 . 
 (7) The Company s mortgage and notes payable contain yield or spread maintenance provisions. 
 
 On September 1, 2022, the Company commenced the offering of its shares through a continuous private placement offering. The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of each of its four classes of shares of its common shares (Class S shares, Class N shares, Class D shares, and Class I shares). 
 60 

As of November 11, 2024, we had received net proceeds of 4,070,990 from selling an aggregate 400,470,622 common shares in the private offering (consisting of 180,616,245 Class S shares, 12,199,724 Class N shares, 6,006,070 Class D shares, and 201,648,582 Class I shares). 
 Cash Flows 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities was 131,334 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 111,199 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cash flows provided by operating activities was primarily due to an increase in income resulting from additional acquisitions offset by an increase in payments for other assets and operating liabilities compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities was 855,527 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1,026,322 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cash flows used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to total proceeds from dispositions of 256,893, primarily from the sale of a land investment, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, offset by an increase in cash paid for total investments in real estate, including CMBS investments. 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities was 828,102 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 900,703 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cash flows provided by financing activities was primarily due to an increase in repayments of principal on our mortgage notes and credit facilities, affiliate line of credit, the STORE FIPA loan, distributions and repurchase of common shares, offset by an increase of 846,874 from the issuance of our common shares compared to the prior year period and proceeds from our DST program of 24,431. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of the financial statements in accordance with GAAP involve significant judgments and assumptions and require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain, as described in our 2023 Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. These judgments will affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our consolidated financial statements. The following is a summary of changes to our significant accounting policies that we believe are the most affected by our judgments, estimates, and assumptions for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further descriptions of the below accounting policies. 
 Investments in Real Estate 
 Land acquired under build-to-suit arrangements in a sale-leaseback transaction is accounted for as an investment in loans receivable as the related lease is not deemed to have commenced until the constructed assets are substantially complete. These investments are included within Investments in real estate debt within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Other tangible assets acquired under such arrangements are recorded as construction in progress upon acquisition as the Company controls the assets during construction. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Item 1. Financial Statements Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates for a discussion concerning recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Future Cash Requirements 
 The following table aggregates our contractual obligations and commitments as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): Obligations Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Indebtedness 1,639,965 1,495,965 121,000 23,000 Organizational and offering costs 10,061 2,367 7,102 592 Total 1,650,026 2,367 1,503,067 121,592 23,000 

61 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk with respect to our variable-rate indebtedness, whereas an increase in interest rates would directly result in higher interest expense. We seek to manage our exposure to interest rate risk by utilizing a mix of floating rate financings with staggered maturities and through interest rate hedging agreements to fix all or a portion of our variable rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance of our indebtedness was 1.6 billion and consisted of mortgage notes, term loan credit facilities, unsecured revolving credit facilities, and unsecured senior notes. 
 Certain of our mortgage notes, term loan credit facilities, unsecured revolving credit facilities and affiliate note payable are variable rate and indexed to one-month SOFR, one-month EURIBOR, daily CORRA, and one-month SONIA (collectively, the Reference Rates ). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 10 basis point increase in each of the Reference Rates would have resulted in an inconsequential increase in interest expense as a result of our interest rate swap and interest rate cap contracts which hedge our risk of changing interest rates. Our exposure to interest rate risk may vary in future periods as the amount and terms of our interest rate hedging agreements change over time as we implement our hedging program. 
 Investments in Real Estate Debt 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we held 186.8 million and 87.2 million of investments in real estate debt, respectively, of which 159.0 million and 87.2 million are reported at fair value, respectively, on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. Our investments in real estate debt consist of floating-rate and fixed rate debt. The floating rates are indexed to the Reference Rates, and as such, are exposed to interest rate risk. Our net income will increase or decrease depending on interest rate movements. While we cannot predict factors that may or may not affect interest rates, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the Reference Rates would have resulted in an inconsequential increase or decrease to income from investments in real estate debt. 
 We may also be exposed to market risk with respect to our investments in real estate debt due to changes in the fair value of our investments. We seek to manage our exposure to market risk with respect to our investments in real estate debt by making investments in real estate debt backed by different types of collateral and varying credit ratings. The fair value of our investments may fluctuate, therefore the amount we will realize upon any sale of our investments in real estate debt is unknown. However, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, a 10 change in the fair value of our investments in real estate debt would result in a change in the carrying value of our investments in real estate debt of 15.9 million and 8.7 million, respectively. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q was made under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (a) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms and (b) include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the most recent quarter, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation described above that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. We may also be subject 
 62 

to regulatory proceedings. While the outcome of these legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. As of September 30, 2024, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 For information regarding factors that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, see the risk factors discussed in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 In conjunction with our commencement of operations, on August 9, 2022, we issued and sold 190,000 shares of our Class I Shares to Blue Owl Capital Holdings, for an aggregate purchase price of 1.9 million. On January 18, 2023, Blue Owl Capital Holdings acquired 210,000 of our Class I Shares from Owl Rock Feeder FIC LLC, an entity owned and controlled by certain of Blue Owl s senior management, for an aggregate purchase price of 2.2 million. On February 1, 2023, we issued and sold an additional 2,042,841 of our Class I Shares to Blue Owl Capital Holdings, for an aggregate purchase price of 21.0 million. These shares were issued and sold in reliance upon the available exemptions from registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. 
 In September 2022, we began accepting subscriptions from investors providing for the private placement of our Shares. As of November 11, 2024, we have sold 180,616,245 Class S Shares, 12,199,724 Class N Shares, 6,006,070 Class D Shares and 201,648,582 Class I Shares for an aggregate price of 4,070,990. These Shares have been issued and sold in reliance upon the available exemption from registration requirements of the 1933 Act under Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. 
 Share Repurchases 
 Our Board of Trustees adopted the Amended Share Repurchase Plan effective starting March 13, 2024. Under the Amended Share Repurchase Plan, rather than repurchase Shares on a monthly basis or quarterly through repurchase offers made in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 of the Exchange Act, we repurchase shares once per quarter no more than 5 aggregate NAV per calendar quarter (measured using the average aggregate NAV as of the end of the immediately preceding three months). Effective April 19, 2024, the Company adopted a further amended and restated share repurchase plan, which incorporated the Class N shares. 
 Other than as described for Redeemable Common Shares and Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests, the Company is not obligated to repurchase any shares and may choose to repurchase fewer shares than have been requested to be repurchased, or none at all. Further, our Board of Trustees may modify and suspend the Company s share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest and the best interest of its shareholders. In the event that the Company determines to repurchase some but not all of the shares submitted for repurchase during any month, shares repurchased at the end of the month will be repurchased on a pro rata basis. 
 The following table sets forth purchases by the Company of its common shares during the three months ended September 30, 2024 under this publicly announced share repurchase program in effect for the period. 
 Repurchase Request Deadline 
 Total Number of Common Shares Purchased (a) Average Price per Common Share 
 (b) (1) 
 Total Number of Common Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (c) Maximum Approximately Dollar Value of Common Shares That May Yet be Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) 
 September 6, 2024 7,380,190 10.0959 7,380,190 Total 7,380,190 10.0959 7,380,190 
 _______________ 
 (1) Repurchase pricing date was July 31, 2024. 
 (2) Repurchases are limited as set forth in our share repurchase plan described above. All requests under the share repurchase plan were satisfied. 
 
 From Inception through September 30, 2024, 3,101,472 Class I units in the Operating Partnership were issued to the Special Limited Partners. Subsequent to initial issuance, 1,390,806 Class I units were distributed to participants in the Special Limited Partners, with the remaining 1,710,666 Class I units held directly by the Special Limited Partners as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Adviser held 9,582,979 Class I REIT shares, of which 7,140,039 
 63 

shares were issued as payment of management fees and interest on the affiliate loan. The redemption of any Class I units held by the Special Limited Partner or Class I REIT shares held by the Adviser acquired as payment of management fee and interest earned by the Adviser occurs outside of our share repurchase plan. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) , , or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, (as such terms are defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K of the 1933 Act). 
 64 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 (b) Exhibits 
 3.1 Certificate of Trust of the Company, dated March 31, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on April 5, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust of Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust, effective July 6, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 10, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 3.3 Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust, dated as of April 19, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2024 and incorporated here by reference) 
 3.4 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust, dated as of July 6, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 10, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.1 Fourth Amended and Restated Share Repurchase Plan, dated April 19, 2024 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 4.2 
 Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan of the Company (filed as exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 10.1 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated August 28, 2024, between Blue Owl NLT Operating Partnership LP and the purchasers party thereto for 29,000,000 6.24 Senior Notes Series A due August 28, 2028, 38,500,000 6.32 Senior Notes Series B due August 28, 2029, 39,500,000 6.40 Senior Notes Series C due August 28, 2030, 23,000,000 6.43 Senior Notes Series D due August 28, 2031 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith 
 65 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust By: /s/ Kevin Halleran Name: Kevin Halleran 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 66 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marc Zahr, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Marc Zahr Marc Zahr Chief Executive Officer & President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13a-14 
 PROMULGATED UNDER 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kevin Halleran, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Intentionally omitted 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s Kevin Halleran Kevin Halleran Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Marc Zahr, Chief Executive Officer & President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Marc Zahr Marc Zahr Chief Executive Officer & President November 12, 2024 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Blue Owl Real Estate Net Lease Trust (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kevin Halleran, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Kevin Halleran Kevin Halleran Chief Financial Officer November 12, 2024 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 osnl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 osnl-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 osnl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 osnl-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 osnl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

