<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1372299_0001628280-24-047846.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5973541</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104014</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1214371</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1682358</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1496383</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1387405</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047846.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114152515
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047846
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ocugen, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001372299
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36751
		FILM NUMBER:		241460951

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 GREAT VALLEY PARKWAY
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355
		BUSINESS PHONE:		484-328-4701

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 GREAT VALLEY PARKWAY
		CITY:			MALVERN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19355

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HISTOGENICS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060810

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047846.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ocgn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ocgn-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 ___________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) ___________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 (The Nasdaq Capital Market) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 12, 2024 there were outstanding shares of the registrant's common stock, 0.01 par value per share. 

Table of Contents 

 OCUGEN, INC. 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30 , 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 35 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 35 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 35 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 35 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 35 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 36 
 Signatures 
 37 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to the "Company," "we," "our," or "us" in this report refer to Ocugen, Inc. and its subsidiaries, and references to "OpCo" refer to Ocugen OpCo, Inc., the Company's wholly owned subsidiary. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans, and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "will," "would," or the negative of such terms and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Such statements are based on assumptions and expectations that may not be realized and are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated. 
 The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those contained in (i) our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on April 16, 2024 (the "2023 Annual Report") and (ii) our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2024 filed with the SEC on May 14, 2024 and August 8, 2024, respectively (together with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the "2024 Quarterly Reports") include, among other things, statements about: 
 our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, and capital requirements, as well as the timing, availability of, and the need for, additional financing to continue to advance our product candidates; 
 our activities with respect to OCU400, OCU410 and OCU410ST, including the results from our ongoing Phase 1/2 trials for OCU400 and OCU410ST, our ability to continue dosing patients for our Phase 3 trial for OCU400 for the treatment of retinitis pigmentosa ("RP"), our ability to reach alignment with the United States Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") on the Phase 3 trial design for OCU400 for the treatment of Leber congenital amaurosis ("LCA"), and our ability to subsequently initiate and complete a Phase 3 trial for the treatment of LCA; 
 our ability to obtain additional funding from government agencies in the United States and/or other countries to continue the development of our inhaled mucosal vaccine platform; 
 the uncertainties associated with the clinical development and regulatory approval of our product candidates including potential delays in the initiation, enrollment, and completion of current and future clinical trials; 
 our ability to realize any value from our product candidates and preclinical programs being developed and anticipated to be developed, in light of inherent risks and difficulties involved in successfully commercializing products and the risk that our products, if approved, may not achieve broad market acceptance; 
 our ability to comply with regulatory schemes and other regulatory developments applicable to our business in the United States and other countries; 
 the performance of third-parties upon which we depend, including contract development and manufacturing organizations, suppliers, manufacturers, group purchasing organizations, distributors, and logistics providers; 
 the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if commercialized; 
 the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets; 
 developments relating to our competitors and our industry; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection, or obtain licenses to intellectual property and defend our intellectual property rights against third-parties; 
 our ability to maintain our relationships and contracts with our key collaborators and commercial partners and our ability to establish additional collaborations and partnerships; 
 our ability to recruit and retain key scientific, technical, commercial, and management personnel and to retain our executive officers; 
 matters relating to or arising from the restatement of our previously issued financial statements included in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as unaudited interim financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q for each of the quarterly and year to date periods ended September 30, 2022, June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, September 30, 2023, June 30, 2023, and March 31, 2023; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to comply with stringent United States and applicable foreign government regulations with respect to the manufacturing of pharmaceutical products, including compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations, and other relevant regulatory authorities; 
 the extent to which health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases, geopolitical turmoil, macroeconomic conditions, social unrest, political instability, terrorism, or acts of war could disrupt our business and operations, including impacts on our development programs, global supply chain, and collaborators and manufacturers; and 
 other matters discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" contained in the 2023 Annual Report, the 2024 Quarterly Reports, and in any other documents we have filed with the SEC. 
 We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions, and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. We have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in our 2023 Annual Report and in the 2024 Quarterly Reports, particularly under the section titled "Risk Factors," that we believe could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, collaborations, investments, or other significant transactions we may make. 
 You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents we have filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that "we believe" and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. In addition, with respect to all of our forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 Solely for convenience, tradenames and trademarks referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q appear without the or symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or that the applicable owners will not assert their rights, to these tradenames or trademarks, as applicable. All tradenames, trademarks, and service marks included or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are the property of their respective owners. The name NeoCart has not been evaluated or cleared by the FDA. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 OCUGEN, INC. 
 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Restricted cash Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease obligations Current portion of long term debt Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Operating lease obligations, less current portion Long term debt, net Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 
 par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Common stock; par value; shares authorized, and shares issued, and and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost, shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 OCUGEN, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Collaborative arrangement revenue Total revenue Operating expenses Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted Weighted shares used in calculating net loss per common share basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted Net loss attributable to Series B Convertible Preferred shareholders basic and diluted Weighted shares used in calculating net loss per Series B Convertible Preferred Stock basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Series B Convertible Preferred shareholders basic and diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 OCUGEN, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for stock option exercises and restricted stock unit vesting, net ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for stock option exercises and restricted stock unit vesting, net Series B Convertible Preferred Stock reacquisition ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for stock option exercises and restricted stock unit vesting, net Issuance of Common Stock for capital raises, net Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

6 

Table of Contents 

 OCUGEN, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for stock option exercises and restricted stock unit vesting, net ) ) Issuance of common stock for capital raises, net Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for stock option exercises and restricted stock unit vesting, net Issuance of common stock for capital raises, net Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for stock option exercises and restricted stock unit vesting, net Other comprehensive income (loss) Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 OCUGEN, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Amortization (accretion) on marketable securities ) Non-cash interest expense Non-cash lease expense Non-cash (income) expense from collaborative arrangements, net ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Impairment of advance for COVAXIN supply Loss on disposal of fixed assets related to COVAXIN Other Changes in assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Lease obligations ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of marketable securities ) Proceeds from the maturities of marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds (payments) from issuance of common stock, net Payment of equity issuance costs ) ) Proceeds from issuance of debt Payment of debt issuance costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of changes in exchange rate on cash and restricted cash Net (decrease) in cash and restricted cash ) ) Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing transactions: Purchases of property and equipment Series B Convertible Preferred Stock reacquisition Right-of-use asset related to operating leases 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 OCUGEN, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 operating segment. 
 Going Concern 
 The Company has incurred recurring net losses since inception and has funded its operations to date through the sale of common stock, warrants to purchase common stock, the issuance of convertible notes and debt, and grant proceeds. The Company incurred net losses of approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million and cash totaling million. This amount will not be sufficient to fund the Company's operations over the next 12 months after the date that the condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates and the risks associated with the research, development, and commercialization of biotechnology products, the Company may have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be different than actuals, and the Company's operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to the Company. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a debt financing transaction with Avenue Capital for net proceeds of million, refer to Note 14 for additional information. Despite this additional funding, the Company is subject to risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in its industry, and while the Company intends to continue its research, development, and commercialization efforts for its product candidates, the Company will require significant additional funding. If the Company is unable to obtain additional funding in the future and/or its research, development, and commercialization efforts require higher than anticipated capital, there will be a negative impact on the financial viability of the Company. The Company will continue to explore options to fund its operations through public and private placements of equity and/or debt, payments from potential strategic research and development arrangements, sales of assets, licensing and/or collaboration arrangements with pharmaceutical companies or other institutions, funding from the government, particularly for the development of the Company's novel inhaled mucosal vaccine platform, or funding from other third parties. Such financing and funding may not be available at all, or on terms that are favorable to the Company. While Company management believes that it has a plan to fund operations, its plan may not be successfully implemented. If we cannot obtain the necessary funding, we will need to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs and commercialization efforts; consider other various strategic alternatives, including a merger or sale or cease operations. If we cannot expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 As a result of these factors, together with the anticipated continued spending that will be necessary to continue to research, develop, and commercialize the Company's product candidates, there is substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. The condensed consolidated financial statements do not contain any adjustments that might result from the resolution of any of the above uncertainties. 
 
 2. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Restatement of Previously Reported Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 As previously disclosed, the condensed consolidated financial statements include material corrections to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, which were presented in Note 16 to the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K filed on April 16, 2024. As noted in the 2023 Form 10-K, the Company discovered that in prior years it had not appropriately accounted for its collaboration arrangements, including the determination of the transaction price, calculating the progress towards the satisfaction of the performance obligations under the collaborative arrangements, and determining the value of the non-cash consideration received and recognized as research and development expense. The Company also corrected the presentation of the revenue previously recognized within Other income (expense), net to Collaborative arrangement revenue in its Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 
 The misstatements were material to the Company's previously issued financial statements and as a result, the Company has restated its Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The restatement includes adjustments to Collaborative arrangement revenue, Research and development expenses, Other income (expense), net and Accrued expenses and other current liabilities during the impacted periods. The Company has also corrected certain other identified immaterial errors that were identified during the impacted periods impacting Research and development expenses, General and administrative expenses, and Accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 Revision to Previously Reported Financial Statements 
 
 During the preparation of the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, the Company concluded to revise its financial statements to treat the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock as a second class of common stock for purposes of presenting earnings per share. In accordance with the guidance in ASC 260, equity classified shares of stock need to be assessed to determine if they are preferred stock or are in substance common shares and therefore represent a second class of common shares. The rights of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were substantially equivalent to common shares and they did not have any material preferential rights compared to common shares. As such, the Company concluded that it should have considered the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to be a second class of common stock for purposes of presenting earnings per share under the two-class method. Additionally, for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company previously reduced the net loss attributable to common shareholders by a deemed dividend of thousand related to the reacquisition by the Company of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. This adjustment should not have been made as the guidance for adjusting the numerator to reflect the implicit gain or loss upon the re-acquisition of shares is only applicable to shares which are substantively considered preferred stock for earnings per share purposes. The impact of these errors is immaterial to the previously filed financial statements. Accordingly, in this filing, the Company revised earnings per share to separately present loss per share for common stock and for the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and also removed the deemed dividend which previously reduced the net loss attributable to common shareholders for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024. The Company has not revised and will not revise any periods prior to January 1, 2024 because the impact of the error to those periods is also immaterial. The 2024 revisions will be reflected in the comparative 2024 periods in future filings where those periods are included with appropriate disclosures. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted Weighted shares used in calculating net loss per common share basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted Net loss attributable to Series B Convertible Preferred shareholders basic and diluted Weighted shares used in calculating net loss per Series B Convertible Preferred Stock basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Series B Convertible Preferred shareholders basic and diluted 
 
 Impact of the revision for the periods ended June 30, 2024 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Three months ended June 30, 2024 (as previously reported) Adjustment Three months ended June 30, 2024 (as adjusted) Net loss ) ) Reacquired Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted Weighted shares used in calculating net loss per common share basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted Net loss attributable to Series B Convertible Preferred shareholders basic and diluted Weighted shares used in calculating net loss per Series B Convertible Preferred Stock basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Series B Convertible Preferred shareholders basic and diluted 
 
 11 

Table of Contents ) Reacquired Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted Weighted shares used in calculating net loss per common share basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted Net loss attributable to Series B Convertible Preferred shareholders basic and diluted Weighted shares used in calculating net loss per Series B Convertible Preferred Stock basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Series B Convertible Preferred shareholders basic and diluted 
 
 The accounting policies of the Company, as applied in the condensed consolidated financial statements presented herein, are substantially the same as presented in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K filed on April 16, 2024, except as may be indicated below. 
 
 The Company recorded million and million as interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company recorded million and million as interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company's restricted cash balance as of September 30, 2024 consisted of cash held to collateralize a corporate credit card account and a line of credit related to an operating lease in the event of a payment default. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Total cash and restricted cash 
 13 

Table of Contents 

requisite service period. Stock options have a contractual term of years. Expense for stock-based compensation awards with performance-based vesting conditions is only recognized when the performance-based vesting condition is deemed probable to occur. Expense for stock-based compensation awards with market-based and service-based vesting conditions is recognized ratably over the grantee's requisite service period. Compensation cost is not adjusted based on the actual achievement of the market-based performance goals. Expense related to stock-based compensation awards are recorded to research and development expense or general and administrative expense based on the underlying function of the individual that was granted the stock-based compensation award. Shares issued upon stock option exercise, PSU and RSU vesting are newly-issued common shares. 
 Estimating the fair value of stock options requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the stock option, stock price volatility, the risk-free interest rate, and expected dividends. Estimating the fair value of PSUs requires the input of subjective assumptions, including stock price volatility, total shareholder return ("TSR") ranking, the risk-free rate, and expected dividends. The assumptions used in the Company's Black-Scholes option-pricing model and Monte Carlo simulation technique represent management's best estimates and involve a number of variables, uncertainties, assumptions, and the application of management's judgment, as they are inherently subjective. If any assumptions change, the Company's stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. 
 The assumptions used in Ocugen's Black-Scholes option-pricing model for stock options and in Ocugen's Monte Carlo simulation technique for PSUs are as follows, unless noted otherwise: 
 Expected Term. As Ocugen does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term, the expected term of employee stock options subject to service-based vesting conditions is determined using the "simplified" method, as prescribed in SEC's Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107, whereby the expected term equals the 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 because Ocugen has not historically paid, and does not expect for the foreseeable future to pay, a dividend on its common stock. 
 TSR ranking. The Company's TSR, over a three-year period, is relative to the TSR, for that same period, as related to other companies within the Nasdaq Biotechnology index. This assumption is only used for the market-based PSUs. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The related expense incurred for services provided by CanSinoBIO was recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss as research and development expense and was approximately million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The contract liability was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Revenue recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, that was included in the contract liabilities balances as of January 1, 2024 was approximately million. Revenue recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, that was included in the contract liabilities balances as of January 1, 2023, was approximately million. 
 
 4. 

5. 
 Machinery and equipment Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 6. 
 and includes options to extend the lease for up to years, which the Company has not 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 and includes an option to extend the lease for up to , which the Company has elected to account for since it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such option. The Company leases other general use facilities, within the United States, which have initial terms of two to and contain no option to extend. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Less: present value adjustment ) Present value of minimum lease payments 
 
 7. 
 Clinical Professional fees Employee-related Deferred revenue relating to collaborative arrangements Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 8. 
 million from EB5 Life Sciences, L.P. ("EB-5 Life Sciences") as the lender. Pursuant to the EB-5 Loan Agreement, borrowings were made in million increments with a fixed interest rate of per annum (the "Original Offering"). The borrowings pursuant to the Original Offering are secured by substantially all of the Company's assets, with the exception of any patents, patent applications, pending patents, patent licenses, patent sublicenses, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights held by the Company. 
 Under the terms and conditions of the Original Offering, the Company borrowed million during 2016, million during 2020, million in September 2022, and an additional million in May 2023. Issuance costs were recognized as a reduction to the loan balance and are amortized to interest expense over the term of each borrowing. Pursuant to the Original Offering, each outstanding borrowing, including accrued interest, becomes due upon the seventh anniversary of its disbursement date, subject to certain extension provisions. In January 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to extend the current portion of borrowings owed under the EB-5 Loan Agreement to March 2025. Once repaid, amounts cannot be re-drawn. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million to its new level of million, as well as modifying the process for the creation of TEAs. Under the previous regime, the state in which the TEA would be located could send a letter in support of efforts to designate a TEA. Under the current regime, only U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services can designate TEAs. 
 In connection with the aforementioned changes to the EB-5 Program, the Original Offering was amended in May 2023 (the "Amended Offering"). Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Amended Offering, EB-5 Life Sciences now provides for cumulative borrowings of up to million. Future borrowings can be made in increments of million with a fixed interest rate of per annum. Each future borrowing pursuant to the Amended Offering, including accrued interest, will become due upon the seventh anniversary of its disbursement date. The Company has not made any borrowings pursuant to the Amended Offering as of September 30, 2024. 
 Plus: accrued interest Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Carrying value, net Less: current portion of long term debt ) Long term debt, net of current portion 
 
 9. 
 million shares of its common stock, par value per share, at a public offering price of per share (the "Offering Price"). Pursuant to the terms of the underwriting agreement, the Company granted to the underwriter a option to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock at the offering price (the "Option Shares") at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering closed in August 2024. The net proceeds to the Company from the offering, excluding any exercise by the underwriter of its option to purchase any of the option shares, were million after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid to the Company. The July 2024 Public Offering was made pursuant to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3, which was previously filed with the SEC and became effective on May 1, 2024. In August 2024, the underwriter exercised their option to purchase Option Shares at the Offering Price. The net proceeds to the Company from the exercise of the underwriter's option were million after deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid to the Company. 
 
 Increase in Capital Stock 
 
 In July 2024, the Company's certificate of incorporation was amended to increase the total number of shares of all classes of stock the Company has authority to issue to shares. This consists of shares of Common Stock, par value per share (the "Common Stock"), and shares of Preferred Stock, par value per share ("the Preferred Stock"). 
 COVAXIN Stock Purchase Agreement 
 On March 1, 2021, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement (the "Stock Purchase Agreement") with Bharat Biotech International Limited ("Bharat Biotech"), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell million shares of the Company's Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the "Series B Convertible Preferred Stock"), at a price per share equal to , to Bharat Biotech. On March 18, 2021, the Company issued the Series B Convertible 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million for the supply of COVAXIN, a monovalent vaccine, to be provided by Bharat Biotech pursuant to a Development and Commercial Supply Agreement (the "Supply Agreement"). 
 Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock was convertible, at the option of Bharat Biotech, into shares of the Company's common stock (the "Conversion Ratio") only after (i) the Company received stockholder approval to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock under its Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which the Company received in April 2021, and (ii) the Company's receipt of shipments by Bharat Biotech of the first million doses of COVAXIN manufactured by Bharat Biotech pursuant to the Supply Agreement, and further on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The conversion rate of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock was subject to adjustment in the event of a stock dividend, stock split, reclassification, or similar event with respect to the Company's common stock. In May 2024, Bharat Biotech and the Company entered into a Stock Forfeiture Agreement whereby the outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were redeemed. 
 The Company accounted for the issuance of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock in accordance with ASC 718 and recorded its grant date fair value of million within stockholders' equity during the year ended December 31, 2021, with a corresponding short-term asset for the advanced payment for the supply of COVAXIN included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The Company utilized the traded common stock price, adjusted by the Conversion Ratio, to value the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and the Finnerty model to estimate a discount rate for the lack of marketability of the instrument. The valuation incorporated Level 3 inputs in the fair value hierarchy, including the estimated time until the instrument's liquidity and estimated volatility of the Company's common stock as of the grant date . As of December 31, 2022, the remaining balance of the short-term asset for the advanced payment for the supply of COVAXIN was million. 
 million to research and development expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As referenced above, in May 2024, the outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were reacquired. 
 
 10. 
 million warrants were outstanding. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding warrants had a weighted average exercise price of per share and expire between 2026 and 2027. 
 
 11. 
 Research and development Total 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, RSUs and PSUs outstanding, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Equity Plans 
 The Company maintains equity compensation plans, the 2014 Ocugen OpCo, Inc. Stock Option Plan (the "2014 Plan") and the Ocugen, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2019 Plan", collectively with the 2014 Plan, the "Plans"). On the first business day of each fiscal year, pursuant to the "Evergreen" provision of the 2019 Plan, the aggregate number of shares that 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 of the total number of shares of the Company's common stock outstanding on December 31st of the prior year, or a number of shares determined by the Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024, the 2014 Plan and the 2019 Plan authorize for the granting of up to million and million equity awards in respect to the Company's common stock, respectively. The 2014 Plan and 2019 Plan have million and million equity awards remaining available for future grant, respectively, as of September 30, 2024. In addition to stock options, PSUs and RSUs granted under the Plans, the Company has granted certain stock options and RSUs as material inducements to employment in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635 (c)(4), which were granted outside of the Plans. 
 Stock Options to Purchase Common Stock 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Options exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 The weighted average grant date fair values of stock options granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were and , respectively. The weighted average grant date fair values of stock options granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were and , respectively. The total fair value of stock options vested during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were million and million, respectively. The total fair values of stock options vested during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were and million, respectively. 
 RSUs 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) RSUs unvested at September 30, 2024 
 
 PSUs 
 In December 2023, pursuant to the 2019 Plan, the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors adopted a performance restricted stock unit agreement (the "PSU Agreement"). Pursuant to the PSU Agreement, the Company granted and of market-based performance stock units at target on January 2, 2024 and April 16, 2024, respectively. All of these PSUs cliff vest after the requisite service period ending on December 31, 2026. The PSUs have the potential to be earned at between and of the number of awards granted depending on the level of growth of the Company's total 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested Forfeited PSUs unvested at September 30, 2024 
 
 12.) Weighted shares used in calculating net loss per common share basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted Net loss attributable to Series B Convertible Preferred shareholders basic and diluted Weighted shares used in calculating net loss per Series B Convertible Preferred Stock basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Series B Convertible Preferred shareholders basic and diluted 
 RSUs PSUs Warrants Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (as converted to common stock) Total 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 related securities class action lawsuits and appointed a lead plaintiff. In March 2024, the Third Circuit affirmed the Court's decision to dismiss with prejudice the consolidated securities class action lawsuits. 
 In August 2021, a stockholder derivative lawsuit was filed derivatively on behalf of the Company against certain of its agents and the nominal defendant Ocugen in the Court (Case No. 2:21-cv-03876) that purported to state a claim for breach of fiduciary duty and contribution for violations of Sections 10(b) and 21(d) of the Exchange Act, based on facts and circumstances relating to the securities class action lawsuits and seeking contribution and indemnification in connection with claims asserted in the securities class action lawsuits. In September 2021, a second stockholder derivative lawsuit was filed derivatively on behalf of the Company against certain of its agents and the nominal defendant Ocugen in the Court (Case No. 2:21-cv-04169) that purported to state a claim for breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, waste of corporate assets, and contribution for violations of Sections 10(b) and 21(d) of the Exchange Act, based on the same allegations as the first complaint. The parties to both stockholder derivative lawsuits stipulated to the consolidation of the stockholder derivative lawsuits. In April 2024, the Court dismissed without prejudice the consolidated stockholder derivative lawsuits. 
 In April 2024, a securities class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain of its agents in the Court (Case No. 2:24-cv-01500) that purported to state a claim for alleged violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, based on statements made by the Company concerning the Company's previously-issued audited consolidated financial statements for each fiscal year beginning January 1, 2020 and its previously-issued unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for each of the first three quarters in such years and the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures during each such period. The complaint seeks unspecified damages, interest, attorneys' fees, and other costs. In October 2024, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint, and the Company intends to file a motion to dismiss by December 6, 2024. 
 
 In May 2024, a stockholder derivative lawsuit was filed on behalf of the Company against certain of its agents and the nominal defendant Ocugen in the Court (Case No. 2:24-cv-02234) that purported to state a claim for breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and contribution for violations of Sections 10(b) and 21(d) of the Exchange Act, based on the facts and circumstances relating to the securities class action and seeking damages and certain governance reforms in connection with claims asserted in the securities class action. In June 2024, the Court approved the parties joint stipulation for an order staying the derivative lawsuit pending resolution of a motion to dismiss in the related securities class action. In the third quarter of 2024, additional stockholder derivative lawsuits were filed on behalf of the Company against certain of its agents and the nominal defendant Ocugen in the Court (Case Nos. 2:24-cv-03119, 2:24-cv-03209, 2:24-cv-04813, 2:24-cv-04864) asserting similar facts and claims as the first complaint. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 
 million. The loan has a maturity date of November 1, 2028, of which the first 24 months are interest only, and bears interest at a variable rate per annum equal to the greater of the Prime Rate plus or . Additionally, the Lender has the right to convert an aggregate amount of up to million of the outstanding principal amount into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price per share equal to a of the trading price on the date of conversion, which shall be at Lenders' option. In the event the Company elects to prepay the Term Loans in full, Lenders shall have days to elect to exercise its conversion right prior to such prepayment. All conversion rights shall terminate on Term Loans payoff. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Conversion Right and the Equity Grant shall not exceed a number of shares equal to of the Company s outstanding Common Stock. The agreement is collateralized by all of the Company s assets in which the agent is granted senior secured lien. The Company also grants the Lenders a negative pledge on the Company s intellectual property. In connection with the debt financing transaction, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with Avenue Capital, pursuant to which the Company issued shares of Common Stock to Avenue Capital with an issue date of November 6, 2024. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, included in our 2023 Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, include forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. These statements are based on our beliefs and expectations about future outcomes and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should read the "Risk Factors" section included in our 2023 Annual Report, 2024 Quarterly Reports, and the "Risk Factors" and "Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a biotechnology company focused on discovering, developing, and commercializing novel gene and cell therapies and vaccines that improve health and offer hope for patients across the globe. 
 Our technology pipeline includes: 
 Modifier Gene Therapy Platform Based on the use of nuclear hormone receptors ("NHRs"), we believe our modifier gene therapy platform has the potential to address many retinal diseases, including rare genetic diseases such as retinitis pigmentosa ("RP") (OCU400) and Leber congenital amaurosis ("LCA") (OCU400), with a gene-agnostic approach. We also believe our modifier gene therapy platform has the potential to address multifactorial retinal diseases including dry age-related macular degeneration ("dAMD") using OCU410, which affects millions of patients in the United States alone, and Stargardt disease (OCU410ST), which is a rare genetic disease. We are actively dosing patients in the U.S. in a Phase 3 liMeliGhT clinical trial for OCU400 for the treatment of RP. We also received approval from Health Canada to initiate a Phase 3 trial for OCU400 for the treatment of RP. In August 2024, we received approval from the FDA to begin our expanded access program (EAP) for the treatment of adult patients, aged 18 or older, with RP. After completion of a Phase 1/2 trial for OCU400 for the treatment of LCA, we will discuss alignment for Phase 3 strategy with the FDA. OCU410 is currently dosing in Phase 2 of the ArMaDa Phase 1/2 clinical trial for the treatment of geographic atrophy ("GA"), an advanced form of dAMD. Additionally, OCU410ST, has completed Phase 1 of the GARDian Phase 1/2 clinical trial for the treatment of Stargardt disease. Both OCU410 and OCU410ST studies have completed the low, medium, and high dose cohorts in the Phase 1 part of the Phase 1/2 trials to date. 
 Novel Biologic Therapy for Retinal Diseases OCU200 is a novel fusion protein consisting of two human proteins, tumstatin and transferrin. OCU200 possesses unique features which potentially enable it to treat vascular complications of diabetic macular edema ("DME"), diabetic retinopathy ("DR"), and wet age related macular degeneration ("AMD"). Tumstatin is the active component of OCU200 and binds to integrin receptors, which play a crucial role in disease pathogenesis. Transferrin is expected to facilitate the targeted delivery of tumstatin into the retina and choroid and potentially help increase the interaction between tumstatin and integrin receptors. In October 2024, we announced that the FDA cleared the investigational new drug application for the Phase 1 clinical trial for OCU200. We expect initiation of the OCU200 clinical trial in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Regenerative Cell Therapy Platform Our Phase 3-ready regenerative cell therapy platform technology, which includes NeoCart (autologous chondrocyte-derived neocartilage), is being developed for the repair of knee cartilage injuries in adults. We received concurrence from the FDA on the confirmatory Phase 3 trial design and have completed renovating an existing facility into a current Good Manufacturing Practice ("cGMP") facility to support clinical study and initial commercial launch. This facility is needed to generate patient-specific NeoCart implant from chondrocytes derived from knee biopsy. We intend to initiate the Phase 3 trial contingent on adequate availability of funding. 
 Inhaled Mucosal Vaccine Platform Our next-generation, inhaled mucosal vaccine platform includes OCU500, a COVID-19 vaccine; OCU510, a seasonal quadrivalent flu vaccine; and OCU520, a combination quadrivalent seasonal flu and COVID-19 vaccine. We have completed IND-enabling studies and GMP manufacturing of clinical trial material for OCU500. We are currently collaborating with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ("NIAID") for early clinical studies for OCU500. NIAID intends to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial after IND clearance. We are continuing discussions with relevant government agencies as well as strategic partners regarding developmental funding for our OCU510 and OCU520 platforms. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Modifier Gene Therapy Platform 
 We are developing a modifier gene therapy platform designed to fulfill unmet medical needs related to retinal diseases, including inherited retinal diseases ("IRDs"), such as RP, LCA, Stargardt disease; and multifactorial diseases such as dAMD. Our modifier gene therapy platform is based on the use of NHRs, which have the potential to achieve homeostasis the basic biological processes in the retina to restore a healthy state from a diseased state. Unlike single gene replacement therapies, which only target one genetic mutation, our modifier gene therapy platform, through its use of NHRs, represents a unique, gene-agnostic approach to address not just the mutated gene but provide a molecular "reset" of health and survival of gene networks. OCU400, our lead product candidate in our modifier gene therapy platform, has received Orphan Drug Designation ("ODD") from the FDA for RP and LCA, a regenerative medicine advanced therapy ("RMAT") designation for the treatment of RP associated with NR2E3 and rhodopsin (" RHO") mutations from the FDA, and Orphan Medicinal Product Designation ("OMPD") from the European Commission ("EC"), based on the recommendation of the European Medicines Agency ("EMA"), for RP and LCA. These broad ODD, RMAT, and OMPD designations further support the broad (gene-agnostic) therapeutic potential of OCU400 to treat multiple IRDs such as RP and LCA associated with mutations in multiple genes. 
 We completed enrolling, dosing, and recruiting RP and LCA patients in the Phase 1/2 trial for OCU400. The objective of this study was to assess the safety and efficacy of unilateral subretinal administration of OCU400 in NR2E3 and rhodopsin (" RHO") -related RP patients and centrosomal protein 290 (" CEP290 " -related LCA patients in the United States. 
 
 In February 2024, in continuation of the preliminary analyses update, we announced an update for 18 participants. The trial update was an extension of the positive preliminary data from September 2023. The positive trial update demonstrated that OCU400 continued to be generally safe and well-tolerated in subjects across different mutations and dose levels. 89 of participants demonstrated preservation or improvement in OCU400 treated eyes either on best corrected visual acuity ("BCVA") or low-luminance visual acuity ("LLVA") or multi-luminance mobility test ("MLMT") scores from baseline. 78 of participants demonstrated stabilization or improvement in OCU400 treated eyes in MLMT scores from baseline. 80 of RHO mutation subjects experienced either stabilization or increase in MLMT scores from baseline. 
 
 In April 2024, the FDA cleared our IND amendment to initiate a Phase 3 liMeliGhT clinical trial of OCU400 for RP. OCU400 is the first gene therapy program to enter Phase 3 with a broad RP indication. This Phase 3 trial will enroll 150 subjects, distributed 1:1 into two separate arms (RHO: N=75, and Gene Agnostic: N=75). In each arm subjects will be further randomized into 2:1 ratio to treated and untreated control groups. Subjects will be followed for a year after dosing for primary end point analyses. In the Phase 1/2 OCU400 clinical trial a MLMT scale was the primary functional endpoint. For the Phase 3 OCU400 clinical trial, an updated mobility course will be used, Luminance Dependent Navigation Assessment ("LDNA") that includes a wider range of light intensity (0.04-500 Lux) and Lux Levels (0-9) with a uniform correlation between Lux level and Lux intensity. More than 60 of intent-to-treat (ITT) patients from the Phase 1/2 clinical trial RHO and NR2E3 meet the responder criteria (Responder 2 Lux level improvement) for Phase 3. 
 
 In April 2024, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the EMA reviewed the study design, endpoints and planned statistical analysis of the pivotal OCU400 Phase 3 liMeliGhT clinical trial for RP and provided acceptability of the U.S.-based trial for submission of a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA). The EMA provided this opinion based on safety, tolerability, and efficacy of OCU400 demonstrated in the Phase 1/2 study. 
 In June 2024, the first patient was dosed in the Phase 3 clinical trial for OCU400 for the treatment of RP. The Phase 3 clinical trial is on track to complete enrollment in the first half of 2025, file the Biologics License Application ("BLA") and MAA in the first half of 2026, and pursue commercialization in 2027 . After completion of Phase 1/2 for OCU400 for the treatment of LCA, we will discuss alignment for Phase 3 strategy with the FDA. 
 In August 2024, we received notification from the FDA to begin our EAP for the treatment of adult patients with RP with OCU400. This program is available for patients with early, intermediate to advanced RP with at least minimal retinal preservation who may benefit from the mechanism of action of OCU400 prior to approval of the BLA. 
 We also received approval from Health Canada to initiate a Phase 3 trial for OCU400 for the treatment of RP. The Health Canada trial will run in parallel with the U.S. FDA trial, expediting the ability to potentially provide a gene-agnostic treatment option to approximately 110,000 patients in the United States and Canada. 
 OCU410 and OCU410ST are being developed utilizing the nuclear receptor gene RAR-related orphan receptor A (" RORA " , for the treatment of GA secondary to dAMD and Stargardt disease, respectively. OCU410 is a potential one-time, curative therapy with a single sub-retinal injection. OCU410 targets multiple pathways associated with AMD pathogenesis, in contrast to products currently approved or under development that treat only one cause of GA, require multiple injections per year, and 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 have safety considerations. OCU410ST has received ODD from the FDA for the treatment of ABCA4 -associated retinopathies, including Stargardt disease. 
 OCU410 is currently dosing in Phase 2 of the Phase 1/2 ArMaDa clinical trial. OCU410ST has completed Phase 1, and the DSMB approved enrollment for the second phase of the Phase 1/2 GARDian clinical trial. 
 Phase 2 of the OCU410 ArMaDa clinical trial is a randomized expansion phase in which subjects will be randomized in a 1:1:1 ratio to either one of two OCU410 dose groups or to an untreated control group. We plan to complete dosing in the Phase 1/2 ArMaDa clinical trial by early 2025. 
 In November 2023, the first patient was dosed in the Phase 1/2 trial to assess the safety and efficacy of OCU410ST for Stargardt disease. Phase 1 is a multicenter, open-label, dose ranging study. Phase 2 will be a randomized, outcome accessor-blinded, dose-expansion study in which adult and pediatric subjects will be randomized in a 1:1:1 ratio to either one of two OCU410ST dose groups or to an untreated control group. In August 2024, we announced the high dose was complete in the third cohort of Phase 1/2 study. In October 2024, we announced that the DSMB approved proceeding to Phase 2 using high and medium doses. 
 Novel Biologic Therapy for Retinal Diseases 
 
 We are developing OCU200, which is a novel fusion protein containing parts of human transferrin and tumstatin. OCU200 is designed to treat DME, DR, and wet AMD. We have completed the technology transfer of manufacturing processes to our contract development and manufacturing organization ("CDMO") and have produced trial materials to initiate a Phase 1 trial. In April 2023, the FDA placed our IND application to initiate a Phase 1 trial targeting DME on clinical hold, as part of the FDA's request for additional information related to CMC. In October 2024, we announced that the FDA lifted the clinical hold on our IND application for the Phase 1 clinical trial for OCU200. We expect initiation of the OCU200 clinical trial in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Regenerative Cell Therapy Platform 
 NeoCart is a Phase 3-ready, regenerative cell therapy technology that combines breakthroughs in bioengineering and cell processing to enhance the autologous cartilage repair process. NeoCart is a three-dimensional tissue-engineered disc of new cartilage that is manufactured by growing the patient's own chondrocytes, the cells responsible for maintaining cartilage health. Current surgical and nonsurgical treatment options for knee cartilage injuries in adults are limited in their efficacy and durability. In prior clinical studies, Phase 2 and Phase 3, NeoCart has shown potential to accelerate healing, reduce pain, and provide regenerative native-like cartilage strength with durable benefits post transplantation. NeoCart was shown to be generally well-tolerated and demonstrated greater clinical efficacy than microfracture surgery at two years after treatment. Based on this clinical benefit, the FDA granted a RMAT designation to NeoCart for the repair of full-thickness lesions of knee cartilage injuries in adults. Additionally, we received concurrence from the FDA on the confirmatory Phase 3 trial design where chondroplasty will be used as a control group. We have completed renovating an existing facility into a cGMP facility in accordance with the FDA's regulations in support of NeoCart manufacturing for personalized Phase 3 trial material. We intend to initiate the Phase 3 trial contingent on adequate availability of funding. 
 Inhaled Mucosal Vaccine Platform 
 We are party to an exclusive license agreement (as amended, "WU License Agreement") with The Washington University in St. Louis ("Washington University"), pursuant to which we licensed the rights to develop, manufacture, and commercialize an inhaled mucosal COVID-19 vaccine for the prevention of COVID-19 in the United States, Europe, Japan, South Korea, Australia, China, and Hong Kong (the "Mucosal Vaccine Territory"). In addition, we internally developed technology related to the flu and COVID-19's vaccine design and filed intellectual property. We are developing a next-generation, inhalation-based mucosal vaccine platform based on a novel ChAd vector, which includes OCU500, a COVID-19 vaccine; OCU510, a seasonal quadrivalent flu vaccine; and OCU520, a combination quadrivalent seasonal flu and COVID-19 vaccine. Our inhaled mucosal vaccine platform is driven by our conviction to serve a major public health concern, which requires the endorsement and support of government funding in order to develop and ultimately commercialize our vaccine candidates. As these vaccine candidates are being developed to be administered via inhalation, we believe they have the potential to generate rapid local immune response in the upper airways and lungs, where viruses enter and infect the body. We believe this novel delivery route may help reduce or prevent infection and transmission as well as provide protection against new virus variants. In October 2023, OCU500 was selected by the NIAID Project NextGen for inclusion in clinical trials. OCU500 will be tested via two different mucosal routes, inhalation and intranasal delivery. NIAID intends to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial after IND 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 clearance. We are continuing discussions with relevant government agencies as well as strategic partners regarding developmental funding for our OCU510 and OCU520 platforms. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes the results of our operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Collaborative arrangement revenue 1,136 3,699 (2,563) Total Revenue 1,136 3,699 (2,563) Operating expenses Research and development 8,108 7,048 1,060 General and administrative 6,280 9,082 (2,802) Total operating expenses 14,388 16,130 (1,742) Loss from operations (13,252) (12,431) (821) Other income (expense), net 282 714 (432) Net loss (12,970) (11,717) (1,253) 
 We believe the following table provides more transparency as to the type of research and development expenses incurred. The following table summarizes our research and development expenses by product candidate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change OCU400 1,492 1,334 158 OCU410 and OCU410ST 759 884 (125) NeoCart 104 194 (90) COVAXIN (65) 452 (517) Inhaled mucosal vaccine platform 664 36 628 OCU200 48 238 (190) Unallocated costs: Research and development personnel costs 3,745 3,209 536 Facilities and other support costs 791 338 453 Other 570 363 207 Total research and development 8,108 7,048 1,060 
 Collaborative arrangement revenue 
 Collaborative arrangement revenue decreased by 2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to our quarterly reassessment of the amount of co-development services provided by us to the business partner in the collaboration agreement. 
 Research and development expense 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development expense increased by 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to 0.6 million relate d to OCU500, which is driven by an increase in preclinical activities and GMP manufacturing of Phase 1 clinical trial material; 0.5 million in em ployee-related expenses; 0.5 million primarily driven by an increase in depreciation expense. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 0.5 million related to the termination of the COVAXIN program; 0.2 million related to OCU200, which is driven by a decrease in preclinical activities. 
 General and administrative expense 
 General and administrative expense decreased by 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to 2.2 million in professional services fees and 0.6 million related to reduced headcount. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net decreased by 0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to 0.4 million in interest earned on our cash and restricted cash, which had a lower average balance compared to prior year. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes the results of our operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Collaboration revenue 3,291 4,627 (1,336) Total revenues 3,291 4,627 (1,336) Operating expenses Research and development 23,836 31,794 (7,958) General and administrative 20,372 26,839 (6,467) Total operating expenses 44,208 58,633 (14,425) Loss from operations (40,917) (54,006) 13,089 Other income (expense), net 743 1,898 (1,155) Net loss (40,174) (52,108) 11,934 
 We believe the following table provides more transparency as to the type of research and development expenses incurred. The following table summarizes our research and development expenses by product candidate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change OCU400 5,190 3,942 1,248 OCU410 and OCU410ST 2,598 3,168 (570) NeoCart 459 966 (507) COVAXIN 8 8,719 (8,711) Inhaled mucosal vaccine platform 2,160 591 1,569 OCU200 324 571 (247) Unallocated costs: Research and development personnel costs 9,590 11,552 (1,962) Facilities and other support costs 2,168 1,147 1,021 Other 1,339 1,138 201 Total research and development 23,836 31,794 (7,958) 
 Collaborative arrangement revenue 
 Collaborative arrangement revenue decreased by 1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to our quarterly reassessment of the amount of co-development services provided by us to the business partner in the collaboration agreement. 
 Research and development expense 
 Research and development expense decreased by 8.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to 8.7 million related to the termination of the COVAXIN program and 2.0 million related to reduced headcount. T hese decreases were partially offset by an increase of 1.6 million relate d to OCU500, which is driven by an increase in preclinical activities and GMP manufacturing of Phase 1 clinical trial material and 1.2 million related to OCU400, which is driven by an increase in non-cash co-development services provided by our collaboration arrangements business partner. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expense 
 General and administrative expense decreased by 6.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to 3.1 million in professional service fees and 3.1 million related to reduced headcount. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income (expense), net decreased by 1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to 1.1 million in interest earned on our cash and restricted cash, which had a lower average balance compared to prior year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 38.7 million in cash. We have not generated revenue from our product candidates to date, and have primarily funded our operations through the sale of common stock, warrants to purchase common stock, the issuance of convertible notes and debt, and grant proceeds. Since our inception and through September 30, 2024, we have raised a gross aggregate of 338.9 million to fund our operations, of which 325.1 million was from gross proceeds from the sale of our common stock and warrants, 10.3 million was from the issuance of convertible notes, 3.3 million was from the issuance of debt, and 0.2 million was from grant proceeds. 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a debt financing transaction with Avenue Capital for net proceeds of 29.2 million. The loan has a maturity date of November 1, 2028, of which the first 24 months are interest only, and bears interest at a variable rate per annum equal to the greater of the Prime Rate plus 4.25 or 12.25 . Additionally, the Lender has the right to convert an aggregate amount of up to 6.0 million of the outstanding principal amount into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price per share equal to a 80 of the trading price on the date of conversion, which shall be at Lenders' option. In the event the Company elects to prepay the Term Loans in full, Lenders shall have 10 days to elect to exercise its conversion right prior to such prepayment. All conversion rights shall terminate on Term Loans payoff. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Conversion Right and the Equity Grant shall not exceed a number of shares equal to 19.9 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock. The agreement is collateralized by all of the Company s assets in which the agent is granted senior secured lien. The Company also grants the Lenders a negative pledge on the Company s intellectual property. In connection with the debt financing transaction, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with Avenue Capital, pursuant to which the Company issued 1,056,338 shares of Common Stock to Avenue Capital with an issue date of November 6, 2024. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we issued and sold 32.7 million shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 1.15 per share pursuant to the July 2024 Public Offering. We received net proceeds of 34.7 million after deducting equity issuance costs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we issued and sold 30.0 million shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 0.50 per share pursuant to an underwriting agreement (the "May 2023 Public Offering"). We received net proceeds of 14.8 million after deducting equity issuance costs. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we sold 4.5 million shares of our common stock under the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement ("Sales Agreement") with certain agents and received net proceeds of 5.6 million after deducting equity issuance costs of 0.2 million. The Sales Agreement was terminated in February 2023. 
 Since our inception, we have devoted substantial resources to research and development and have incurred significant net losses and may continue to incur net losses in the future. We incurred net losses of approximately 40.2 million and 52.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 326.3 million. In addition, we had accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 14.0 million and indebtedness of 2.9 million. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (31,778) (50,752) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (3,372) 5,799 Net cash provided by financing activities 34,686 20,865 Effect of changes in exchange rate on cash and restricted cash 3 2 Net (decrease) in cash and restricted cash (461) (24,086) 
 Operating activities 
 Cash used in operating activities was 31.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and primarily consisted of a net loss of 40.2 million adjusted for non-cash items including stock-based compensation of 5.6 million, depreciation and amortization of 1.4 million, non-cash lease expense of 0.6 million, non-cash expense from collaborative arrangements, net of 2.4 million, other non-cash items of 0.1 million, and a change in net working capital of 3.1 million. 
 Cash used in operating activities was 50.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and primarily consisted of a net loss of 52.1 million adjusted for non-cash items including 4.4 million in expenses related to COVAXIN, due to the impairment of the advanced payment for the supply of COVAXIN as well as the associated loss on the disposal of related fixed assets, stock-based compensation of 7.5 million, non-cash expense from collaborative arrangements, net of 1.1 million, non-cash lease expense of 0.4 million, depreciation and amortization of 0.5 million, other non-cash items of 0.3 million, and a change in net working capital of 10.7 million. 
 Investing activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and primarily consisted of payments related to the purchases of property and equipment. Cash provided by investing activities was 5.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and primarily consisted of gross proceeds of 17.5 million from the maturities of marketable securities, classified as available-for-sale, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was partially offset by purchases of 3.9 million of marketable securities, classified as available-for-sale, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as well as purchases of 7.8 million of property and equipment during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Financing activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 34.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to cash provided by financing activities of 20.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by financing activities primarily consisted of gross proceeds of 37.6 million received from the July 2024 Public Offering before deducting equity issuance costs of 2.9 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash provided financing activities primarily consisted of gross proceeds of 20.8 million received from the May 2023 Public Offering and pursuant to the Sales Agreement. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have commitments under certain licensing and development agreements, lease obligations, debt agreements, and consulting agreements. There have been no material changes to our contractual obligations as reported in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 Funding requirements 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue research and development, including preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates, prepare to manufacture our product candidates, prepare for the potential commercialization of our product candidates, add operational, financial, and information systems to execute our business plan, maintain, expand, and protect our patent portfolio, explore strategic licensing, acquisition, and collaboration opportunities to expand our product candidate pipeline to support our future growth; expand headcount to support our development, commercialization, and business efforts, and operate as a public company. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Factors impacting our future funding requirements include, without limitation, the following: 
 the initiation, progress, timing, costs, and results of trials for our product candidates; 
 the preparation and submission of Investigational New Drug applications, or INDs, with the FDA for current and future product candidates; 
 the outcome, timing, and cost of the regulatory approval process for our product candidates; 
 the costs of manufacturing and commercialization; 
 the costs related to doing business internationally with respect to the development and commercialization of our product candidates; 
 the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending, and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 
 the cost of defending intellectual property disputes, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against us; 
 the acquisition of or in-licensing of additional product candidates and technologies; 
 the costs of expanding infrastructure to support our development, commercialization, and business efforts, including the costs related to the development of a laboratory and manufacturing facility; 
 the costs involved in recruiting and retaining skilled personnel; 
 the extent to which we in-license or acquire other products, product candidates, or technologies and out-license our product candidates; and 
 the impact of geopolitical turmoil, macroeconomic conditions, social unrest, political instability, terrorism, or other acts of war. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of approximately 38.7 million. This amount will not be sufficient to fund our operations over the next 12 months. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates and the risks associated with the research, development, and commercialization of biotechnology products, we may have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us. Given this uncertainty, and despite the additional funding from the debt transaction with Avenue Capital, we will need to raise significant additional capital in order to fund our operations until we recognize significant revenue from product sales. Our management continues to evaluate different strategies to obtain the funding required for our future operations. These strategies may include, but are not limited to: public and private placements of equity and/or debt, payments from potential strategic research and development arrangements, sales of assets, licensing and/or collaboration arrangements with pharmaceutical companies or other institutions, funding from the government, particularly for the development of our novel inhaled mucosal vaccine platform, or funding from other third parties. Our ability to secure funding is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to the impact of the geopolitical turmoil, macroeconomic conditions, and the impact of inflation and as a result, there can be no assurance that these funding efforts will be successful. If we cannot obtain the necessary funding, we will need to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of our research and development programs and commercialization efforts; consider other various strategic alternatives, including a merger or sale or cease operations. If we cannot expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 As a result of these factors, together with the anticipated continued spending that will be necessary to continue to research, develop, and commercialize our product candidates, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are issued. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements during the periods presented, and we do not currently have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as reported in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of recently adopted accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of September 30, 2024. Based upon this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective because of a material weakness related to the design and operating effectiveness of controls over the accounting for collaborative arrangements that was disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Notwithstanding the identified material weakness, the Company's management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has concluded the Company's Condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q present fairly, in all material respects, the Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Remediation 
 
 The Company s plan to remediate the identified material weakness was previously described in Part II, Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The remediation plan includes improving the design and operation of management's controls over the technical accounting analysis, the determination of the transaction price, calculating the progress towards the satisfaction of the performance obligations under the collaborative arrangements, and determining the value of the non-cash consideration received under collaborative arrangements. Specifically, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company implemented controls to obtain relevant information from third parties on a timely basis, including actual costs incurred, actual noncash consideration received, and estimates to complete and review the accounting for collaborative arrangements during the financial statement close process . The material weakness cannot be considered remediated until the newly designed and implemented controls operate effectively for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that the control is operating effectively. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The third quarter 2024 remediation activities described above are changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 13 in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes in our risk factors as previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results. 
 The terms of our Loan and Security Agreement with Avenue Capital Management II, L.P. and the lenders listed therein require us to meet certain operating covenants and place restrictions on our operating and financial flexibility. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, the terms of any new debt could further restrict our ability to operate our business. 
 
 On November 6, 2024, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Avenue Capital Management II, L.P. and related entities (together, Avenue (the Loan and Security Agreement that is secured by a lien on all of our assets. The Loan and Security Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. Affirmative covenants include, among others, covenants requiring us to protect and maintain our intellectual property and comply with all applicable laws, deliver certain financial reports and maintain insurance coverage. Negative covenants include, among others, covenants restricting us from transferring any part of our business or intellectual property, incurring additional indebtedness, engaging in mergers or acquisitions, repurchasing shares, paying dividends or making other distributions, making investments, and creating other liens on our assets, including our intellectual property, in each case subject to customary exceptions. If we raise any additional debt financing, the terms of such additional debt could further restrict our operating and financial flexibility. These restrictions may include, among other things, limitations on the incurrence of additional debt and specific restrictions on the use of our assets, as well as prohibitions on our ability to create liens, pay dividends, redeem capital stock or make investments. If we default under the terms of the Loan and Security Agreement or any future debt facility, Avenue may accelerate all of our repayment obligations and take control of our pledged assets, potentially requiring us to renegotiate our agreement on terms less favorable to us or to immediately cease operations. Further, if we were to be liquidated, Avenue s right to repayment would be senior to the rights of the holders of our common stock. Avenue could declare an event of default upon the occurrence of any event that could reasonably be expected to result in what they interpret as a material adverse effect as defined under the Loan and Security Agreement. Any declaration by Avenue of an event of default could significantly harm our business and prospects and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 During the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there were no sales by us of unregistered securities or purchases of equity securities by us that were not previously reported by us in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no directors or "officers," as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or arrangement, as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 The exhibits listed below are filed or furnished in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 
 Exhibit Description 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Accounting Officer, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer as required by 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 The cover page from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, formatted in Inline XBRL 
 _______________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Ocugen, Inc. Dated: November 14, 2024 /s/ Shankar Musunuri Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Dated: November 14, 2024 /s/ Ramesh Ramachandran Ramesh Ramachandran, CPA, MBA, CMA Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 37 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ocgn-20240930x10qxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Shankar Musunuri, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ocugen, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, & Co-Founder (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ocgn-20240930x10qxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Ramesh Ramachandran, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ocugen, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Ramesh Ramachandran Ramesh Ramachandran, CPA, MBA, CMA Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ocgn-20240930x10qxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ocugen, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Form 10-Q ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 s Shankar Musunuri Shankar Musunuri, Ph.D., MBA Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, & Co-Founder (Principal Executive Officer) Date November 14, 2024 
 s Ramesh Ramachandran Ramesh Ramachandran, CPA, MBA, CMA Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 ocgn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 ocgn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 ocgn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 ocgn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 ocgn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

