<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1005817_0001005817-24-000027.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21527053</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>179555</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3758992</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10314842</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3219564</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3530730</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001005817-24-000027.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106131653
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001005817-24-000027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005817
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				161482357
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12709
		FILM NUMBER:		241430056

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		118 E SENECA STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 460
		CITY:			ITHACA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		607-274-2078

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		118 E. SENECA STREET
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 460
		CITY:			ITHACA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14850

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOMPKINS TRUSTCO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TOMPKINS COUNTY TRUSTCO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001005817-24-000027.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 tmp-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tmp-20240930 

United States 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from _____ to ______ 
 
 Commission File Number 

oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report: NA 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No . 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.) Yes No . 
 
 Indicate the number of shares of the Registrant's Common Stock outstanding as of the latest practicable date: shares as of November 4, 2024. 

TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 
 FORM 10-Q 
 
 INDEX 
 PART I -FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 PAGE Item 1 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statements of Condition as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 (Audited) 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2 - 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 3 - 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 68 
 Item 4 - 
 Controls and Procedures 
 69 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 
 Legal Proceedings 
 69 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 69 
 Item 2 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 70 
 Item 3 - 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 70 
 Item 4 - 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 70 
 Item 5 - 
 Other Information 
 71 
 Item 6 - 
 Exhibits 
 72 
 SIGNATURES 
 73 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) (Unaudited) 
 As of As of ASSETS 9/30/2024 12/31/2023 (unaudited) (audited) Cash and noninterest bearing balances due from banks Interest bearing balances due from banks Cash and Cash Equivalents Available-for-sale debt securities, at fair value (amortized cost of at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023) 
 Held-to-maturity debt securities, at amortized cost (fair value of at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Equity securities, at fair value (amortized cost at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023) 
 Total loans and leases, net of unearned income and deferred costs and fees Less: Allowance for credit losses Net Loans and Leases Federal Home Loan Bank and other stock Bank premises and equipment, net Corporate owned life insurance Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Accrued interest and other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES Deposits: Interest bearing: Checking, savings and money market Time Noninterest bearing Total Deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other borrowings Other liabilities Total Liabilities EQUITY Tompkins Financial Corporation shareholders' equity: Common Stock - par value per share: Authorized shares; Issued: at September 30, 2024; and at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost shares at September 30, 2024, and shares at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Total Tompkins Financial Corporation Shareholders Equity Noncontrolling interests Total Equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME Loans Due from banks Available-for-sale debt securities Held-to-maturity debt securities Federal Home Loan Bank and other stock Total Interest and Dividend Income INTEREST EXPENSE Time certificates of deposits of 250,000 or more Other deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other borrowings Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Less: Provision for credit loss expense Net Interest Income After Provision for Credit Loss Expense NONINTEREST INCOME Insurance commissions and fees Wealth management fees Service charges on deposit accounts Card services income Other income Net gain (loss) on securities transactions ) ) Total Noninterest Income ) ) NONINTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and wages Other employee benefits Net occupancy expense of premises Furniture and fixture expense Amortization of intangible assets Other operating expense Total Noninterest Expenses Income/(Loss) Before Income Tax Expense/(Benefit) ) ) Income Tax Expense/(Benefit) ) ) Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation ) ) Less: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to Tompkins Financial Corporation ) ) Basic Earnings (Loss) Per Share ) ) Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share ) ) 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2 

TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Three Months Ended (In thousands) (Unaudited) 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Available-for-sale debt securities: Change in net unrealized loss during the period ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized (gain) loss on sale of available-for-sale debt securities included in net income ) Employee benefit plans: Amortization of net retirement plan actuarial loss Amortization of net retirement plan prior service cost Other comprehensive income Subtotal comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Tompkins Financial Corporation ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended (In thousands) (Unaudited) 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Available-for-sale debt securities: Change in net unrealized loss during the period ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized (gain) loss on sale of available-for-sale debt securities included in net income ) Employee benefit plans: Amortization of net retirement plan actuarial loss Amortization of net retirement plan prior service cost Other comprehensive income Subtotal comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Total comprehensive income attributable to Tompkins Financial Corporation 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Nine Months Ended (In thousands) (Unaudited) 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) attributable to Tompkins Financial Corporation ) Provision for credit loss expense Depreciation and amortization of premises, equipment, and software Amortization of intangible assets Earnings from corporate owned life insurance ) ) Net amortization on securities ) Amortization/accretion related to purchase accounting ) ) Net (gain) loss on securities transactions ) Net gain on sale of loans originated for sale ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans originated for sale Loans originated for sale ) ) Net gain on sale of bank premises and equipment ) ) Net excess tax (expense) benefit from stock based compensation ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Increase in accrued interest receivable ) ) Increase in accrued interest payable Other, net ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal paydowns of available-for-sale debt securities Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale debt securities Purchases of available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Net increase in loans ) ) Proceeds from sale/redemptions of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank and other stock ) ) Proceeds from sale of bank premises and equipment Purchases of bank premises, equipment and software ) ) Purchase of corporate owned life insurance ) Proceeds from redemption of corporate owned life insurance Other, net ) Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net increase (decrease) in demand, money market, and savings deposits ) Net increase in time deposits Net increase (decrease) in Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) Increase in other borrowings Repayment of other borrowings ) ) Cash dividends ) ) Common stock issued Repurchase of common stock ) Net shares issued related to restricted stock awards ) ) Net proceeds from exercise of stock options ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities ) Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Total Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 Nine Months Ended (In thousands) (Unaudited) 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Supplemental Information: Cash paid during the year for - Interest Cash paid during the year for - Taxes Transfer of loans to other real estate owned Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 
 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands except share and per share data) (Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Treasury Stock Non- controlling Interests Total Balances at July 1, 2023 ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation ) ) Other comprehensive income Total Comprehensive Loss ) Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased and returned to unissued status shares) 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Directors deferred compensation plan shares) 
 ) Restricted stock activity shares) 
 ) ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balances at July 1, 2024 ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation Other comprehensive income Total Comprehensive Income Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Net exercise of stock options shares) 
 ) ) Treasury stock activity shares) 
 Stock-based compensation expense Directors deferred compensation plan shares) 
 ) Restricted stock activity (( shares) 
 ) ) Partial repurchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 6 

(In thousands except share and per share data)(Unaudited) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Treasury Stock Non- controlling Interests Total Balances at January 1, 2023 ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation ) ) Other comprehensive income Total Comprehensive Income Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Net exercise of stock options shares) 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased and returned to unissued status shares) 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Directors deferred compensation plan shares) 
 ) Restricted stock activity shares) 
 ) ) ) Adoption of Accounting Guidance ASU 2022-02 ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balances at January 1, 2024 ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation Other comprehensive income Total Comprehensive Income Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Net exercise of stock options shares) 
 ) ) Treasury stock issued (- shares) 
 Stock-based compensation expense Directors deferred compensation plan shares) 
 ) Restricted stock activity shares) 
 ) ) ) Adjustment due to the adoption of ASU 2023-02 ) ) Partial repurchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 
 7 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Tompkins Community Bank. Tompkins Community Bank provides a full array of trust and wealth management services under the Tompkins Financial Advisors brand, including investment management, trust and estate, financial and tax planning as well as life, disability and long-term care insurance services. The Company also has a wholly-owned insurance agency subsidiary, Tompkins Insurance Agencies, Inc. ("Tompkins Insurance"). The Company s principal offices are located at 118 E. Seneca Street, Ithaca, New York, 14850, and its telephone number is (888) 503-5753. The Company s common stock is traded on the NYSE American under the symbol "TMP." 
 
 As a registered financial holding company, the Company is regulated under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 ("BHC Act"), as amended and is subject to examination and comprehensive regulation by the Federal Reserve Board ("FRB"). The Company is also subject to the jurisdiction of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and is subject to disclosure and regulatory requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company is subject to the rules of the NYSE American for listed companies. 
 
 Tompkins Community Bank is subject to examination and comprehensive regulation by various regulatory authorities, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") and the New York State Department of Financial Services ("NYSDFS"). Each of these agencies issues regulations and requires the filing of reports describing the activities and financial condition of the entities under its jurisdiction. Likewise, such agencies conduct examinations on a recurring basis to evaluate the safety and soundness of those institutions, and to test compliance with various regulatory requirements, including: consumer protection, privacy, fair lending, the Community Reinvestment Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, sales of non-deposit investments, electronic data processing, and trust department activities. These agencies also examine and regulate the trust business of Tompkins Community Bank. 
 
 Tompkins Insurance is subject to examination and regulation by the NYSDFS and the Pennsylvania Insurance Department. 

2. 
 8 

separate LIHTC structures as of September 30, 2024 totaling million already using proportional amortization, with a benefit recorded to income tax expense in the nine months ending September 30, 2024 and benefit for the nine months ending September 30, 2023. In addition, the Company has a historic rehabilitation tax credit that was previously recorded using the equity investment accounting method and had no residual book value or financial impact in either the current or prior year. The ASU 2023-02 day 1 adoption entry for this tax credit included the recording of a investment and the write-off of a gross timing difference (tax effective at with a corresponding reduction to retained earnings. 
 
 The Company has also elected to treat the following categories of tax credit investments under the proportional amortization method: 
 
 LIHTC- Low Income Housing Tax Credits 
 New Market Tax Credits 
 Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credit 
 Renewable Energy Tax Credit 
 State Specific Tax Credits 
 
 Accounting Standards Pending Adoption 
 
 ASU No. 2023-07, "Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures." The amendments in this update improve financial reporting by requiring disclosure of incremental segment information on an annual and interim basis. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 and interim periods in those years, and its adoption is not expected to have a significant effect on our financial statements or disclosures. 
 
 ASU No. 2023-09, "Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures." The amendments in this update related to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disclosures improve the transparency of income tax disclosures by requiring (1) consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and (2) income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 and interim periods in those years, and its adoption, other than to meet the new disclosure requirements, is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company reviews new accounting standards as issued. Management has not identified any other new standards that it believes will have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 
 9 

3. 
 
 Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities residential, issued by U.S. Government agencies U.S. Government sponsored entities U.S. corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities 
 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Securities December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (In thousands) U.S. Treasuries Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities residential, issued by U.S. Government agencies U.S. Government sponsored entities U.S. corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities 
 
 Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities 
 Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities Total held-to-maturity debt securities 
 
 10 

Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities Total held-to-maturity debt securities 
 
 The Company may from time to time sell debt securities from its available-for-sale portfolio. Realized gains on sales of available-for-sale debt securities were for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Realized losses on sales of available-for-sale debt securities were for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The amortized cost of available-for-sale debt securities sold during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were million , compared to million and million of available-for-sale debt securities sold during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Sales of available-for-sale debt securities were the result of general investment portfolio, interest rate risk and balance sheet management. Proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale debt securities were million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company's investment portfolio includes callable securities that may be called prior to maturity. There were realized gains or losses on called available-for-sale debt securities for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. The Company also recognized net gains of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to net losses of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, on equity securities, reflecting the change in fair value. 
 
 Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities residential, issued by U.S. Government agencies U.S. Government sponsored entities U.S. corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities 
 
 11 

Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities residential, issued by U.S. Government agencies U.S. Government sponsored entities U.S. corporate debt securities Total available-for-sale debt securities 
 
 Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities Total held-to-maturity debt securities 
 
 December 31, 2023 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total (In thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses U.S. Treasuries Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities Total held-to-maturity debt securities 
 
 The Company evaluates available-for-sale debt securities for expected credit losses ("ECL") in unrealized loss positions at each measurement date to determine whether the decline in the fair value below the amortized cost basis (impairment) is due to credit-related factors or noncredit-related factors. 
 
 Factors that may be indicative of ECL include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. 
 Adverse conditions specifically related to the security, an industry, or geographic area (changes in technology, business practice). 
 Payment structure of the debt security with respect to underlying issuer or obligor. 
 Failure of the issuer to make scheduled payment of principal and/or interest. 
 Changes to the rating of a security or issuer by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 
 Changes in tax or regulatory guidelines that impact a security or underlying issuer. 
 
 For available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position, the Company evaluates the securities to determine whether the decline in the fair value below the amortized cost basis (technical impairment) is the result of changes in interest rates or reflects a fundamental change in the credit worthiness of the underlying issuer. Any impairment that is not credit related is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable taxes. Credit-related impairment is recognized as an allowance for credit losses ("ACL") on the Consolidated Statements of Condition, limited to the amount by which the amortized 
 12 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total Mortgage-backed securities Total available-for-sale debt securities 
 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Available-for-sale debt securities: Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total Mortgage-backed securities Total available-for-sale debt securities 
 
 13 

Due after five years through ten years Total held-to-maturity debt securities 
 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Held-to-maturity debt securities: Due after five years through ten years Total held-to-maturity debt securities 
 
 The Company also holds non-marketable Federal Home Loan Bank of New York ("FHLBNY") stock and non-marketable Atlantic Community Bankers Bank ("ACBB") stock, all of which are required to be held for regulatory purposes and for borrowing availability. The required investment in FHLB stock is tied to the Company s borrowing levels with the FHLB. Holdings of FHLBNY stock and ACBB stock totaled million and , respectively, at September 30, 2024. These securities are carried at par, which is also cost. The FHLBNY continues to pay dividends and repurchase stock. Quarterly, we evaluate our investment in the FHLB for impairment. We evaluate recent and long-term operating performance, liquidity, funding and capital positions, stock repurchase history, dividend history and impact of legislative and regulatory changes. Based on our most recent evaluation, as of September 30, 2024, we determined that no impairment write-downs were required. 
 
 14 

4. 
 Commercial and industrial other PPP loans Subtotal commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Construction Agriculture Commercial real estate other Subtotal commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Mortgages Subtotal residential real estate Consumer and other Indirect Consumer and other Subtotal consumer and other Leases Total loans and leases Less: unearned income and deferred costs and fees ) ) Total loans and leases, net of unearned income and deferred costs and fees 
 
 The Company has adopted comprehensive lending policies, underwriting standards and loan review procedures. Management reviews these policies and procedures on a regular basis. The Company discussed its lending policies and underwriting guidelines for its various lending portfolios in Note 3 "Loans and Leases" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no significant changes in these policies and guidelines since the date of that report. As such, these policies are reflective of new originations as well as those balances held at December 31, 2023. The Company s Board of Directors approves the lending policies at least annually. The Company recognizes that exceptions to policy guidelines may occasionally occur and has established procedures for approving exceptions to these policy guidelines. Management has also implemented reporting systems to monitor loan origination, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies and nonperforming loans and potential problem loans. 
 
 Loans are considered past due if the required principal and interest payments have not been received as of the date such payments are due. Generally loans are placed on nonaccrual status if principal or interest payments become 90 days or more past due and/or management deems the collectability of the principal and/or interest to be in question as well as when required by regulatory agencies. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Payments received on loans on nonaccrual are generally applied to reduce the principal balance of the loan. Loans are generally returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts due are brought current, the borrower has established a payment history, and future payments are reasonably assured. When management determines that the collection of principal in full is not probable, management will charge-off a partial amount or full amount of the loan balance. Management considers specific facts and circumstances relative to each individual credit in making such a determination. For residential and consumer loans, management uses specific regulatory guidance and thresholds for determining charge-offs. 
 
 15 

Commercial and industrial other PPP loans Subtotal commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Construction Agriculture Commercial real estate other Subtotal commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Mortgages Subtotal residential real estate Consumer and other Indirect Consumer and other Subtotal consumer and other Leases Total loans and leases Less: unearned income and deferred costs and fees ) ) Total loans and leases, net of unearned income and deferred costs and fees 
 16 

Commercial and industrial other PPP loans Subtotal commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Construction Agriculture Commercial real estate other Subtotal commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Mortgages Subtotal residential real estate Consumer and other Indirect Consumer and other Subtotal consumer and other Leases Total loans and leases Less: unearned income and deferred costs and fees ) ) Total loans and leases, net of unearned income and deferred costs and fees 
 
 17 

Subtotal commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Agriculture Commercial real estate other Subtotal commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Mortgages Subtotal residential real estate Consumer and other Indirect Consumer and other Subtotal consumer and other Total loans and leases 
 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Nonaccrual Loans and Leases with no ACL Nonaccrual Loans and Leases Loans and Leases Past Due Over 89 Days and Accruing Loans and Leases Commercial and industrial Commercial and industrial other Subtotal commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Agriculture Commercial real estate other Subtotal commercial real estate Residential real estate Home equity Mortgages Subtotal residential real estate Consumer and other Indirect Consumer and other Subtotal consumer and other Total loans and leases 
 
 18 

t recognize any interest income on nonaccrual loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

5. 
 
 19 

Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (credit) for credit loss expense ) Ending Balance 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Commercial Industrial Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Consumer and Other Finance Leases Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Provision (credit) for credit loss expense ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Commercial Industrial Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Consumer and Other Finance Leases Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (credit) for credit loss expense ) Ending Balance 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Commercial Industrial Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Consumer and Other Finance Leases Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Impact of adopting ASU 2016-13 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (credit) for credit loss expense ) Ending Balance 
 
 20 

(Credit) provision for credit loss expense related to off-balance sheet credit exposures ) Liabilities for off-balance sheet credit exposures at end of period 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Liabilities for off-balance sheet credit exposures at beginning of period (Credit) provision for credit loss expense related to off-balance sheet credit exposures ) Liabilities for off-balance sheet credit exposures at end of period 
 
 The following tables present the amortized cost basis of collateral dependent loans, which are individually evaluated to determine expected credit losses, and the related allowance for credit losses allocated to these loans, as of September 30, 2024 
 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 (In thousands) Real Estate Business Assets Other Total ACL Allocation September 30, 2024 Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Total Loans and Leases 
 
 (In thousands) Real Estate Business Assets Other Total ACL Allocation December 31, 2023 Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Total Loans and Leases 
 
 Loan Modifications to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty 
 
 The Company adopted ASU 2022-02 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) effective January 1, 2023. This standard eliminated the previous troubled debt restructuring accounting model and replaced it with guidance and disclosure requirements for identifying modifications to loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. Modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty may include interest rate reductions, principal or interest forgiveness, forbearances, term extensions, and other actions intended to minimize economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of collateral. 
 
 21 

Total Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Other Total Commercial Real Estate Residential Home Equity Mortgages Total Residential Consumer Consumer and Other Total Consumer Total Loans and Leases 
 
 There were loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that defaulted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Total Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate Commercial real estate other Total Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Home equity Mortgages Total Residential Real Estate Consumer and Other Consumer and other Total Consumer and Other Total 
 
 22 

Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and Industrial - Other Current-period gross writeoffs Commercial and Industrial - PPP: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and Industrial - PPP Current-period gross writeoffs Commercial and Industrial - Agriculture: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and Industrial - Agriculture Current-period gross writeoffs Commercial Real Estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial Real Estate Current-period gross writeoffs Commercial Real Estate - Agriculture: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial Real Estate - Agriculture Current-period gross writeoffs 
 23 

Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial Real Estate - Construction Current-period gross writeoffs Residential - Home Equity Performing Nonperforming Total Residential - Home Equity Current-period gross writeoffs Residential - Mortgages Performing Nonperforming Total Residential - Mortgages Current-period gross writeoffs Consumer - Direct Performing Nonperforming Total Consumer - Direct Current-period gross writeoffs Consumer - Indirect Performing Nonperforming Total Consumer - Indirect Current-period gross writeoffs 
 24 

Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and Industrial - Other Current-period gross writeoffs Commercial and Industrial - Agriculture: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and Industrial - Agriculture Current-period gross writeoffs Commercial and Industrial - PPP: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and Industrial - PPP Current-period gross writeoffs Commercial Real Estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial Real Estate Current-period gross writeoffs Commercial Real Estate - Agriculture: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial Real Estate - Agriculture Current-period gross writeoffs 
 25 

Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial Real Estate - Construction Current-period gross writeoffs Residential - Home Equity Performing Nonperforming Total Residential - Home Equity Current-period gross writeoffs Residential - Mortgages Performing Nonperforming Total Residential - Mortgages Current-period gross writeoffs Consumer - Direct Performing Nonperforming Total Consumer - Direct Current-period gross writeoffs Consumer - Indirect Performing Nonperforming Total Consumer - Indirect Current-period gross writeoffs 

6. 
 
 26 

) Less: income (loss) attributable to unvested stock-based compensation awards ) Net earnings (loss) allocated to common shareholders ) Weighted average shares outstanding, including unvested stock-based compensation awards Less: average unvested stock-based compensation awards ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic Diluted Net earnings (loss) allocated to common shareholders ) Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic Plus: incremental shares from assumed conversion of stock-based compensation awards Weighted average shares outstanding - Diluted Basic EPS ) Diluted EPS ) 
 
 Stock-based compensation awards representing and common shares during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, were not included in the computations of diluted earnings per common share because the effect on those periods would have been anti-dilutive. 
 ) Less: income (loss) attributable to unvested stock-based compensation awards ) Net earnings (loss) allocated to common shareholders ) Weighted average shares outstanding, including unvested stock-based compensation awards Less: unvested stock-based compensation awards ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic Diluted Net earnings (loss) allocated to common shareholders ) Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic Plus: incremental shares from assumed conversion of stock-based compensation awards Weighted average shares outstanding - Diluted Basic EPS ) Diluted EPS ) 
 
 Stock-based compensation awards representing approximately and common shares during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively were not included in the computations of diluted earnings per common share because the effect on those periods would have been anti-dilutive. 
 27 

7. 
 
 ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized loss on sale of available-for-sale debt securities included in net income (loss) ) ) Net unrealized losses ) Employee benefit plans: Amortization of net retirement plan actuarial gain (loss) ) Amortization of net retirement plan prior service cost ) Employee benefit plans ) Other comprehensive loss ) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Before-Tax Amount Tax (Expense) Benefit Net of Tax Available-for-sale debt securities: Change in net unrealized gain (loss) during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized loss on sale of available-for-sale debt securities included in net income (loss) ) Net unrealized gains/losses ) Employee benefit plans: Amortization of net retirement plan actuarial gain ) Amortization of net retirement plan prior service cost ) Employee benefit plans ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Before-Tax Amount Tax (Expense) Benefit Net of Tax Available-for-sale debt securities: Change in net unrealized gain (loss) during the period ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized loss on sale of available-for-sale debt securities included in net income ) ) Net unrealized losses ) Employee benefit plans: Amortization of net retirement plan actuarial loss ) Amortization of net retirement plan prior service cost ) Employee benefit plans ) Other comprehensive loss ) 
 
 28 

) Reclassification adjustment for net realized loss on sale of available-for-sale debt securities included in net income (loss) ) Net unrealized gains/losses ) Employee benefit plans: Amortization of net retirement plan actuarial loss ) Amortization of net retirement plan prior service cost ) Employee benefit plans ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 
 The following table presents the activity in our accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income for the periods indicated: 
 
 (In thousands) Available-for- Sale Debt Securities Employee Benefit Plans Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Balance at July 1, 2024 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Net current-period other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2024 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Net current-period other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 (In thousands) Available-for- Sale Debit Securities Employee Benefit Plans Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 29 

Net gain (loss) on securities transactions ) Income tax expense Net of tax Employee benefit plans: Amortization of the following 2 
 Net retirement plan actuarial loss ) Other operating expense Net retirement plan prior service cost ) Other operating expense ) Total before tax Income tax expense ) Net of tax 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Details about Accumulated other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components (In thousands) Amount 
 Reclassified from 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 (Loss) Income 1 
 Affected Line Item in the Statement Where Net Income is Presented Available-for-sale debt securities: Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities ) Net gain (loss) on securities transactions Tax expense ) Net of tax Employee benefit plans: Amortization of the following 2 
 Net retirement plan actuarial loss ) Other operating expense Net retirement plan prior service cost ) Other operating expense ) Total before tax Tax benefit ) Net of tax 
 30 

Net gain (loss) on securities transactions ) Income tax expense Net of tax Employee benefit plans: Amortization of the following 2 
 Net retirement plan actuarial loss ) Other operating expense Net retirement plan prior service cost ) Other operating expense ) Total before tax Income tax expense ) Net of tax 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Details about Accumulated other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components (In thousands) Amount Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) 1 
 Affected Line Item in the Statement Where Net Income is Presented Available-for-sale debt securities: Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities ) Net gain (loss) on securities transactions Tax expense ) Net of tax Employee benefit plans: Amortization of the following 2 
 Net retirement plan actuarial loss ) Other operating expense Net retirement plan prior service cost ) Other operating expense ) Total before tax Tax benefit ) Net of tax 
 1 Amounts in parentheses indicate debits in income statement. 
 2 The accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (See Note 8 - "Employee Benefit Plan"). 

8. 
 
 31 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of net retirement plan actuarial loss ) ) Amortization of net retirement plan prior service (credit) cost ) ) Net periodic benefit (income) cost ) ) 
 
 Pension Benefits Life and Health SERP Benefits Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended (In thousands) 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of net retirement plan actuarial loss ) ) Amortization of net retirement plan prior service cost (credit) ) ) Net periodic benefit (income) cost ) ) 
 
 The service component of net periodic benefit cost for the Company's benefit plans is recorded as a part of salaries and wages in the consolidated statements of income. All other components are recorded as part of other operating expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 The Company realized approximately and , net of tax, as amortization of amounts previously recognized in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 t contribute to the pension plan in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023. 
 
 32 

9. 
 of the aggregate of total noninterest income and total noninterest expenses for any of the periods presented below are stated separately. 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (In thousands) 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Noninterest Income Other service charges Earnings from corporate owned life insurance ) Net gains on the sale of loans originated for sale Other income Total other income Noninterest Expenses Marketing expense Professional fees Legal fees Technology expense FDIC insurance Cardholder expense Other expenses Total other operating expense 

10. 
 33 

Installment Billing Refund of Commissions ) ) Contract Liabilities/Deferred Revenue Contingent Commissions Subtotal Insurance Revenues Trust and Asset Management Mutual Fund Investment Income Subtotal Investment Service Income Service Charges on Deposit Accounts Card Services Income Other Noninterest Income (in-scope of ASC 606) Noninterest Income (out-of-scope of ASC 606) ) Total Noninterest Income ) 
 
 34 

Installment Billing Refund of Commissions ) Contract Liabilities/Deferred Revenue ) ) Contingent Commissions Subtotal Insurance Revenues Trust and Asset Management Mutual Fund Investment Income Subtotal Investment Service Income Service Charges on Deposit Accounts Card Services Income Other Noninterest Income (in-scope of ASC 606) Noninterest Income (out-of-scope of ASC 606) ) Total Noninterest Income ) 
 
 Contract Balances 
 A contract asset balance occurs when an entity performs a service for a customer before the customer pays consideration or before payment is due, which would result in contract receivables or assets, respectively. A contract liability balance is an entity s obligation to transfer a service to a customer for which the entity has already received payment or for which payment is due from the customer. The Company s noninterest revenue streams, excluding some insurance commissions and fees, are largely based on transactional activity, or standard month-end revenue accruals such as asset management fees based on month-end market values. Receivables primarily consist of amounts due for insurance and wealth management services performed for which the Company's performance obligations have been fully satisfied. Receivables for the insurance and wealth management services segments amounted to million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024, compared to million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2023. Included in those amounts are contract assets related to contingent income of million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and contract liabilities of million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Contract Acquisition Costs 
 or less. 

11. 
 million compared to million at December 31, 2023. Management uses the same credit policies to extend standby letters of credit that it uses for on-balance sheet lending decisions and may require collateral to support standby letters of credit based upon its evaluation of the counterparty. Management does not anticipate any significant losses as a result of these transactions, and has determined that the fair value of standby letters of credit is not significant. 
 
 35 

12. 
 reportable business segments in accordance with the standards set forth in FASB ASC 280, "Segment Reporting": (i) banking ("Banking"), (ii) insurance ("Tompkins Insurance") and (iii) wealth management ("Tompkins Financial Advisors"). The Company s insurance services and wealth management services, other than trust services, are managed separately from the Banking segment. 
 
 Banking 
 Tompkins Community Bank has banking offices located in Ithaca, NY and surrounding communities; banking offices located in the Genesee Valley region of New York State, which includes Monroe County; banking offices located in the counties north of New York City; and banking offices headquartered and operating in southeastern Pennsylvania. 
 
 Insurance 
 The Company provides property and casualty insurance services and employee benefits consulting through Tompkins Insurance Agencies, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, headquartered in Batavia, New York. Tompkins Insurance is an independent insurance agency, representing many major insurance carriers, and provides employee benefit consulting to employers in Western and Central New York and Southeastern Pennsylvania, assisting them with their medical, group life insurance and group disability insurance. Tompkins Insurance has stand-alone offices in Western New York. 
 
 Wealth Management 
 The wealth management segment is generally organized under the Tompkins Financial Advisors brand. Tompkins Financial Advisors offers a comprehensive suite of financial services to customers, including trust and estate services, investment management and financial and insurance planning for individuals, corporate executives, small business owners and high net worth individuals. Tompkins Financial Advisors has offices in each of the Company s regional markets. 
 
 Summarized financial information concerning the Company s reportable segments and the reconciliation to the Company s consolidated results is shown in the following tables. Investment in subsidiaries is netted out of the presentations below. The Intercompany column identifies the intercompany activities of revenues, expenses and other assets between the banking, insurance and wealth management services segments. The Company accounts for intercompany fees and services at an estimated fair value according to regulatory requirements for the services provided. Intercompany items relate primarily to the use of human resources, information systems, accounting and marketing services provided by the bank and the holding company. All other accounting policies are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 36 

) Interest expense ) Net interest income Provision for credit loss expense Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net Income attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net Income attributable to Tompkins Financial Corporation Depreciation and amortization Assets ) Goodwill Other intangibles, net Net loans and leases Deposits ) Total Equity 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Banking Insurance Wealth Management Intercompany Consolidated Interest income ) Interest expense ) Net interest income Provision for credit loss expense Noninterest income ) ) ) Noninterest expense ) (Loss) Income before income tax expense ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net (Loss) Income attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation ) ) ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net (Loss) Income attributable to Tompkins Financial Corporation ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Assets ) Goodwill Other intangibles, net Net loans and leases Deposits ) Total Equity 
 37 

) Interest expense ) Net interest income Provision for credit loss expense Noninterest income ) Noninterest expense ) Income before income tax expense Income tax expense Net Income attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net Income attributable to Tompkins Financial Corporation Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Banking Insurance Wealth Management Intercompany Consolidated Interest income ) Interest expense ) Net interest income Provision for credit loss expense Noninterest income ) ) ) Noninterest expense ) (Loss) Income before income tax expense ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Net (Loss) Income attributable to noncontrolling interests and Tompkins Financial Corporation ) ) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net (Loss) Income attributable to Tompkins Financial Corporation ) ) Depreciation and amortization 

13. 
 
 38 

Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities residential, issued by: U.S. Government agencies U.S. Government sponsored entities U.S. corporate debt securities Total Available-for-sale debt securities Equity securities, at fair value Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 
 39 

Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities residential, issued by: U.S. Government agencies U.S. Government sponsored entities U.S. corporate debt securities Total Available-for-sale debt securities Equity securities, at fair value Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 
 Securities: Fair values for U.S. Treasury securities are based on quoted market prices. Fair values for obligations of U.S. government sponsored entities, mortgage-backed securities-residential, obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions, and U.S. corporate debt securities are based on quoted market prices, where available, as provided by third party pricing vendors. If quoted market prices were not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices of comparable instruments in active markets and/or based upon a matrix pricing methodology, which uses comprehensive interest rate tables to determine market price, movement and yield relationships. These securities are reviewed periodically to determine if there are any events or changes in circumstances that would adversely affect their value. 
 
 The change in the fair value of equity securities valued using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was immaterial. 
 
 There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company determines fair value for its available-for-sale debt securities using an independent bond pricing service for identical assets or very similar securities. The Company determines fair value for its equity securities based on the underlying equity fund s pricing and valuation procedures which consider recent sales price, market quotations from a pricing service, or market quotes from an independent broker-dealer. The Company has reviewed the pricing sources, including methodologies used, and finds them to be fairly stated. 
 
 Derivatives: The Company has contracted with a third party vendor to provide periodic valuations for its interest rate derivatives to determine the fair value of its interest rate contracts. The vendor utilizes standard valuation methodologies applicable to interest rate derivatives such as discounted cash flow analysis. Such valuations are based upon readily observable market data and are therefore considered Level 2 valuations by the Company. 
 
 Certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. For the Company, these include loans held for sale, individually evaluated loans, and other real estate owned ("OREO"). For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, certain individually evaluated loans were remeasured and reported at fair value through a specific valuation allowance and/or partial charge-offs for credit losses based upon the fair value of the underlying collateral. Collateral values are estimated using Level 3 inputs based upon customized discounting criteria. In addition to collateral dependent evaluated loans, certain other real estate owned was remeasured and reported at fair value based upon the fair value of the underlying collateral. The fair values of other real estate owned are estimated using Level 2 inputs based on observable market data or Level 3 inputs based on customized discounting criteria. In general, the fair values of other real estate owned are based upon appraisals, with discounts made to reflect estimated costs to sell the real estate. Upon initial recognition, fair value write-downs are taken through a charge-off to the allowance for credit losses. Subsequent fair value write-downs on other real estate owned are reported in other noninterest expense. 
 
 40 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Fair value measurements at reporting date using: Gain (losses) from fair value changes Assets: As of 09/30/2023 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Three months ended 9/30/2023 Other real estate owned 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Fair value measurements at reporting date using: Gain (losses) from fair value changes Assets: As of 09/30/2024 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Nine months ended 9/30/2024 Individually evaluated loans Other real estate owned 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 (In thousands) Fair value measurements at reporting date using: Gain (losses) from fair value changes Assets: As of 09/30/2023 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1) Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) Nine months ended 9/30/2023 Individually evaluated loans Other real estate owned 
 
 The fair value estimates, methods and assumptions set forth below for the Company's financial instruments, including those financial instruments carried at cost, are made solely to comply with disclosures required by GAAP and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in this Report. 
 
 For loans where the Company has determined that foreclosure of the collateral is probable, or where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the Company expects repayment of the loan to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, the ACL is measured based on the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the amortized cost basis of the loan as of the measurement date. For real estate loans, fair value of the loan s collateral is determined by third party appraisals, which are then adjusted for the estimated selling and closing costs related to liquidation of the collateral. For this asset class, the actual valuation methods (income, sales comparable, or cost) vary based on the status of the project or property. For example, land is generally based on the sales comparable method while construction is based on the 
 41 

to of the appraised value. For non-real estate loans, fair value of the loan s collateral may be determined using an appraisal, net book value per the borrower s financial statements, or aging reports, adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of the valuation, and management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business. 
 
 Securities - held-to-maturity FHLB stock and other stock Accrued interest receivable Loans/leases, net 1 
 Financial Liabilities: Time deposits Other deposits Fed funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other borrowings Accrued interest payable 
 
 Estimated Fair Value of Financial Instruments December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Carrying Amount Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Financial Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Securities - held to maturity FHLB stock and other stock Accrued interest receivable Loans/leases, net 1 
 Financial Liabilities: Time deposits Other deposits Fed funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other borrowings Accrued interest payable 
 1 Lease receivables, although excluded from the scope of ASC Topic 825, are included in the estimated fair value amounts at their carrying value. 
 42 

14. 
 
 43 

million hedging fixed-rate residential mortgage loans. 
 
 For derivatives designated and that qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in interest income. 
 
 ) ) Total ) ) 1 These amounts include the amortized cost basis of closed portfolios of fixed rate loans used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is the stated amount of assets in the closed portfolio anticipated to be outstanding for the designated hedged period. At September 30, 2024 and 12/31/2023, the amortized cost basis of the closed portfolios used in these hedging relationships was million and million respectively; the cumulative basis adjustments associated with these hedging relationships was million and million, respectively; and the amounts of the designated hedged items were million for both periods. 

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 
 The Company enters into interest rate swaps to help commercial loan borrowers manage their interest rate risk. These interest rate swap contracts allow borrowers to convert variable-rate loan payments to fixed-rate loan payments. When the Company enters into an interest rate derivative contract with a commercial loan borrower, it simultaneously enters into a mirror interest rate contract with a third party. For interest rate swaps, the third party exchanges the client s fixed-rate loan payments for variable-rate loan payments. The Company's credit policies with respect to interest rate contracts with commercial borrowers are similar to those used for loans. The Company retains the risk that is associated with the potential failure of counterparties and the risk inherent in originating loans. The interest rate contracts with counterparties are generally subject to bilateral collateralization terms. These derivatives are not designated as hedges and therefore, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. 
 
 The Company has entered into risk participation agreements with other banks in commercial loan arrangements. Participating banks guarantee the performance on borrower-related interest rate swap contracts. These derivatives are not designated as hedges and therefore, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. 
 
 Under a risk participation-out agreement, a derivative asset, the Company participates out a portion of the credit risk associated with the interest rate swap position executed with the commercial borrower for a fee paid to the participating bank. Under a risk participation-in agreement, a derivative liability, the Company assumes, or participates in, a portion of the credit risk associated with the interest rate swap position with the commercial borrower for a fee received from the other bank. 
 
 Tabular Disclosure of Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Condition 

44 

Other Assets Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest Rate Products Other Assets Risk Participation Agreement Other Assets Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 
 Derivative Assets December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Notional Amount Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Interest Rate Products Other Assets Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest Rate Products Other Assets Risk Participation Agreement Other Assets Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 
 Derivative Liabilities September 30, 2024 (In thousands) Notional Amount Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest Rate Products Other Liabilities Risk Participation Agreement Other Liabilities Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 
 Derivative Liabilities December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Notional Amount Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Interest Rate Products Other Liabilities Risk Participation Agreement Other Liabilities Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 
 45 

The effects of fair value and cash flow hedging: Gain or (loss) on fair value hedging relationships in Subtopic 815-20 Interest contracts Hedged items ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) 
 
 The Effect of Fair Value and Cash Flow Hedge Accounting on the Consolidated Statements of Income Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative Nine Months Ended 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 (In thousands) Interest Income Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the statement of financial performance in which the effects of fair value or cash flow hedges are recorded The effects of fair value and cash flow hedging: Gain or (loss) on fair value hedging relationships in Subtopic 815-20 Interest contracts Hedged items ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 
 46 

) Risk Participation Agreement Other Income ) Total ) Fee Income Other income 
 
 Effect of Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Income Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments under Subtopic 815-20 Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative Amount of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative Nine Months Ended (In thousands) 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Interest Rate Products Other Income ) ) Risk Participation Agreement Other Income Total ) Fee Income Other income 
 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 
 Applicable for OTC derivatives with dealers 
 
 The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to these agreements was million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had posted million and million, respectively, in collateral related to these agreements. The interest rate hedge counterparty has posted and million of collateral in proportion to potential losses in the derivative position at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

47 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

BUSINESS 
 
 Tompkins Financial Corporation ("Tompkins" or the "Company") is headquartered in Ithaca, New York and is registered as a Financial Holding Company with the Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. The Company is a locally-oriented, community-based financial services organization that offers a full array of products and services, including commercial and consumer banking, leasing, trust and investment management, financial planning and wealth management, and insurance services. At September 30, 2024, the Company had one wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Tompkins Community Bank. Tompkins Community Bank provides a full array of wealth management services under the Tompkins Financial Advisors brand, including investment management, trust and estate, financial and tax planning as well as life, disability and long-term care insurance services. The Company also has a wholly-owned insurance agency subsidiary, Tompkins Insurance Agencies, Inc. ("Tompkins Insurance"). The Company s principal offices are located at 118 E. Seneca Street, P.O. Box 460, Ithaca, NY, 14850, and its telephone number is (888) 503-5753. The Company s common stock is traded on the NYSE American under the Symbol "TMP." 
 
 Tompkins' strategy centers around our core values and a commitment to delivering long-term value to our clients, communities, and shareholders. A key strategic initiative for the Company is a focus on responsible and sustainable growth, including initiatives to grow organically through our current businesses, as well as through possible acquisitions of financial institutions, branches, and financial services businesses. As such, the Company has acquired, and from time to time considers acquiring, banks, thrift institutions, branch offices of banks or thrift institutions, or other businesses that would complement the Company s business or its geographic reach. The Company generally targets merger or acquisition partners that are culturally similar and have experienced management and possess either significant market presence or have potential for improved profitability through financial management, economies of scale and expanded services. 
 
 Business Segments 
 Banking services consist primarily of attracting deposits from the areas served by Tompkins Community Bank, which has 55 banking offices (39 offices in New York and 16 offices in Pennsylvania) and using those deposits to originate a variety of commercial loans, agricultural loans, consumer loans, real estate loans, and leases. The Company s lending function is managed within the guidelines of a comprehensive Board-approved lending policy. Reporting systems are in place to provide management with ongoing information related to loan production, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies, and nonperforming and potential problem loans. Banking services also include a full suite of products such as debit cards, credit cards, remote deposit, electronic banking, mobile banking, cash management, and safe deposit services. 
 
 Wealth management services consist of investment management, trust and estate, financial and tax planning as well as life, disability and long-term care insurance services. Wealth management services are provided under the trade name Tompkins Financial Advisors. Tompkins Financial Advisors offers services to customers of Tompkins Community Bank and shares offices in each of the banking markets. 
 
 Insurance services include property and casualty insurance, employee benefit consulting, and life, long-term care and disability insurance. Tompkins Insurance is headquartered in Batavia, New York. Over the years, Tompkins Insurance has acquired smaller insurance agencies in the market areas serviced by the Company s banking subsidiaries and successfully consolidated them into Tompkins Insurance. Tompkins Insurance offers services to customers of Tompkins Community Bank and shares offices in each of the banking markets. In addition to these shared offices, Tompkins Insurance has five stand-alone offices in Western New York, and one stand-alone office in Tompkins County, New York. 
 
 The Company s principal expenses are interest on deposits, interest on borrowings, and operating and general administrative expenses, as well as provisions for credit losses. Funding sources, other than deposits, include borrowings, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and cash flow from lending and investing activities. 
 
 Competition 
 Competition for commercial banking and other financial services is strong in the Company s market areas. In one or more aspects of its business, the Company s subsidiaries compete with other commercial banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance companies, Internet-based financial services companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking companies, and other financial intermediaries. Some of these competitors have substantially greater resources and lending capabilities and may offer services that the Company does not currently provide. In addition, many of the Company s non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive Federal regulations that govern financial holding companies and Federally-insured banks. 
 
 48 

Competition among financial institutions is based upon interest rates offered on deposit accounts, interest rates charged on loans and other credit and service charges, the quality and scope of the services rendered, the convenience of facilities and services, and, in the case of loans to commercial borrowers, relative lending limits. Management believes that a community-based financial organization is better positioned to establish personalized financial relationships with both commercial customers and individual households. The Company s community commitment and involvement in its primary market areas, as well as its commitment to quality and personalized financial services, are factors that contribute to the Company s competitiveness. Management believes that the Company s subsidiary bank can compete successfully in its primary market areas by making prudent lending decisions quickly and more efficiently than its competitors, without compromising asset quality or profitability. In addition, the Company focuses on providing unparalleled customer service, which includes offering a strong suite of products and services, including products that are accessible to our customers through digital means. Although management feels that this business model has caused the Company to grow its customer base in recent years and allows it to compete effectively in the markets it serves, we cannot assure you that such factors will result in future success. 
 
 Regulation 
 Banking, insurance services and wealth management are highly regulated. As a financial holding company including a community bank, a registered investment adviser, and an insurance agency subsidiary, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to examination and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board ("FRB"), Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"), the New York State Department of Financial Services, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, and the Pennsylvania Insurance Department. 

OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
 The following discussion is intended to provide an understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. It should be read in conjunction with the Company s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 This Report includes comparisons of the Company s performance to that of a peer group, which is comprised of the group of 190 domestic bank holding companies with 3 billion to 10 billion in total assets as defined in the Federal Reserve s "Bank Holding Company Performance Report" for June 30, 2024 (the most recent report available). Although the peer group data is presented based upon financial information that is one fiscal quarter behind the financial information included in this report, the Company believes that it is relevant to include certain peer group information for comparison to current quarter numbers. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements contained in this Report that are not statements of historical fact may include forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements may be identified by use of such words as "may", "will", "estimate", "intend", "continue", "believe", "expect", "plan", "commit", or "anticipate", as well as the negative and other variations of these terms, and other similar words. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements regarding the asset quality of the Company's loan portfolios; the level of the Company's allowance for credit losses; the sufficiency of liquidity sources; the Company's exposure to changes in interest rates, and to new, changed, or extended government/regulatory expectations; the need to sell securities before recovery of amortized cost; the impact of changes in accounting standards; and trends, plans, prospects, growth and strategies. Forward-looking statements are made based on management s expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and are subject to certain uncertainties and factors relating to the Company s operations and economic environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond the control of the Company, that could cause actual results of the Company to differ materially from those expressed and/or implied by forward-looking statements and historical performance. The following factors, in addition to those listed as Risk Factors in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, are among those that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements and historical performance: changes in general economic, market and regulatory conditions; our ability to attract and retain deposits and other sources of liquidity; gross domestic product growth and inflation trends; the impact of the interest rate and inflationary environment on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations; other income or cash flow anticipated from the Company's operations, investment and/or lending activities; changes in laws and regulations affecting banks, bank holding companies and/or financial holding companies, including the Dodd-Frank Act, and state and local government mandates; the impact of any change in the FDIC insurance assessment rate or the rules and regulations related to the calculation of the FDIC insurance assessment amount; technological developments and changes; cybersecurity incidents and threats; the ability to continue to introduce competitive new products and services on a timely, cost-effective basis; governmental and public policy changes, including environmental regulation; reliance on large customers; the ability to access financial resources 
 49 

in the amounts, at the times, and on the terms required to support the Company's future businesses; and the economic impact, including potential market volatility, of national and global events, including the response to bank failures, war and geopolitical matters (including the war in Israel and surrounding regions and the war in Ukraine), widespread protests, civil unrest, political uncertainty, and pandemics or other public health crises. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update its forward-looking statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The accounting and reporting policies followed by the Company conform, in all material respects, to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and to general practices within the financial services industry. In the course of normal business activity, management must select and apply many accounting policies and methodologies and make estimates and assumptions that lead to the financial results presented in the Company s consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. There are uncertainties inherent in making these estimates and assumptions, which could materially affect the Company s results of operations and financial position. 
 
 Management considers accounting estimates to be critical to reported financial results if (i) the accounting estimates require management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain, and (ii) different estimates that management reasonably could have used for the accounting estimate in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. Management considers the accounting policy relating to the allowance for credit losses ("allowance", or "ACL") to be a critical accounting policy because of the uncertainty and subjectivity involved in this policy and the material effect that estimates related to this area can have on the Company s results of operations. 
 
 The Company s methodology for estimating the allowance considers available relevant information about the collectability of cash flows, including information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Refer to "Allowance for Credit Losses" below and to Note 5 - "Allowance for Credit Losses", and Note 1 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, for additional information on the Company's methodology for estimating the allowance. 
 
 For information on the Company's significant accounting policies and to gain a greater understanding of how the Company s financial performance is reported, refer to Note 1 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 2 - "Basis of Presentation " in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of recent accounting updates. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The Company's significant accounting policies conform with GAAP and are described in Note 1 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. In applying those accounting policies, management of the Company is required to exercise judgment in determining many of the methodologies, assumptions and estimates to be utilized. Certain critical accounting estimates are more dependent on such judgment and in some cases may contribute to volatility in the Company's reported financial performance should the assumptions and estimates used change over time due to changes in circumstances. The more significant areas in which management of the Company applies critical assumptions and estimates include the following: 
 
 Accounting for credit losses - The Company accounts for the allowance for credit losses using the current expected credit loss model. Under this model, the allowance for credit losses represents a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of certain financial assets, including loans and leases, to present the net amount expected to be collected at the balance sheet date. A provision for credit losses is recorded to adjust the level of the allowance as deemed necessary by management. In estimating expected losses in the loan and lease portfolio, borrower-specific financial data and macro-economic assumptions are utilized to project losses over a reasonable and supportable forecast period. For certain loan pools that share similar risk characteristics, the Company utilizes statistically developed models to estimate amounts and timing of expected future cash flows, collateral values and other factors used to determine the borrowers' abilities to repay obligations. Such models consider historical correlations of credit losses with various macroeconomic assumptions including unemployment and gross domestic product. These forecasts may be adjusted for inherent limitations or biases of the models. Subsequent to the forecast period, the Company utilizes longer-term historical loss experience to estimate losses over the remaining contractual life of the loans. Changes in the circumstances considered when determining management's estimates and assumptions could result in changes in those estimates and assumptions, which could result in adjustment of the allowance for credit losses in 
 50 

future periods. A discussion of facts and circumstances considered by management in determining the allowance for credit losses is included herein in Note 5 - "Allowance for Credit Losses" in the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Performance Summary 
 Net income for the third quarter of 2024 was 18.6 million, or 1.30 diluted earnings per share, compared to a net loss of 33.4 million, or (2.35) diluted (loss) per share for the third quarter of 2023. Net income for the first nine months of 2024 was 51.2 million, or 3.59 diluted earnings per share, compared to a net loss of 5.5 million, or (0.39) diluted (loss) per share for the first nine months of 2023. The increase in net income and diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 largely reflects the Company's sale of 510.5 million of available-for-sale debt securities in the second and third quarters of 2023, which resulted in a pre-tax loss of 62.9 million (or 3.34 per share) and 70.0 million (or 3.69 per share) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Return on average assets ("ROA") for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 0.94 , compared to (1.73) for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. Return on average shareholders equity ("ROE") for the third quarter of 2024 was 10.65 , compared to (20.84) for the third quarter of 2023. For the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024, ROA and ROE totaled 0.87 and 10.12 , respectively, compared to (0.10) and (1.15) , for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Segment Reporting 
 The Company operates in the following three business segments: banking, insurance, and wealth management. Insurance is comprised of property and casualty insurance services and employee benefit consulting operated under the Tompkins Insurance Agencies, Inc. subsidiary. Wealth management activities include the results of the Company s trust, financial planning, and wealth management services, organized under the Tompkins Financial Advisors brand. All other activities are considered banking. 
 
 Banking Segment 
 The banking segment reported net income of 14.8 million for the third quarter of 2024, an increase of 51.9 million, or 139.9 , from net loss of 37.1 million for the third quarter of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the banking segment reported net income of 41.3 million, up 54.9 million, or 405.7 , from the same period in 2023. The increase in net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 was mainly a result of prior year pre-tax losses on the sales of available-for-sale debt securities of 62.9 million and 70.0 million, respectively. 
 
 Net interest income of 53.2 million for the third quarter of 2024 was up 2.2 million, or 4.3 , from the same period in 2023. The increase in net interest income compared to the third quarter of 2023 resulted primarily from the increase in average loan balances and the average yield on those loan balances, partially offset by the increase in cost of deposits. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income of 154.8 million was down 2.3 million, or 1.5 , compared to the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in net interest income for the first nine months on 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was due primarily to the increase in average interest rates on interest-bearing liabilities outpacing increases on interest earning asset yields. The average yield on interest-earning assets benefited from higher market interest rates as well as a shift in the composition of average earning assets with growth in average loan balances and changes to the mix of securities. The increase in funding costs reflects the impact of higher market interest rates as well as the mix of funding sources, with an increase in average time deposits and other borrowings. 
 
 The provision for credit losses was 2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.2 million for the same period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the provision for credit losses was 5.2 million compared to 2.6 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in provision expense for the quarter and year-to-date periods compared to the same periods in 2023 was mainly driven by loan growth which was up 119.4 million, or 2.1 , and 446.4 million, or 8.2 , respectively, and the increase in net charge-offs in 2024 over 2023. Net charge-offs for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 912,000 and 1.6 million, respectively, compared to net charge-offs of 177,000 a nd net recoveries of 1.1 million for the same periods in 2023.. For additional information, see the section titled "The Allowance for Credit Losses" below. 
 
 Noninterest income was 7.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to noninterest loss of 57.0 million for the same period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, noninterest income was 22.4 million compared to noninterest income loss of 50.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in 
 51 

quarterly and year-to-date noninterest income compared to the same periods in 2023 was mainly due to the 62.9 million and 70.0 million, respectively of pre-tax loss on the sale of available-for-sale debt securities in 2023 as noted above. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, card services income was up 61,000, or 2.1 , and 509,000, or 5.9 , respectively, over the same periods in 2023, and service charges on deposit accounts were up 118,000, or 6.7 , and 294,000, or 5.7 , respectively, over the same periods in 2023. Other income also benefited from increases in earnings on bank owned life insurance (up 515,000 and 1.1 million), derivatives related income (up 448,000 and 944,000) and gains on sales of residential mortgage loans (up 366,000 and 615,000) for the three and nine months, respectively, ended September 30, 2024 over the same periods in 2023. 
 
 Noninterest expense of 39.2 million and 118.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, were down 468,000, or 1.2 , and 2.7 million, or 2.2 , respectively, from the same periods in 2023. The decreases in noninterest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the same period in 2023, are mainly attributable to other operating expenses down 794,000 and 1.9 million, respectively. For the quarterly comparison, this decrease was partially offset by higher salary and other employee benefit costs in the third quarter of 2024 (up 326,000 compared to the third quarter of 2023). Contributing to the decrease in noninterest expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023 were the following: salary and other employee benefit costs (down 825,000), professional fees (down 763,000), legal costs (down 582,000), marketing (down 453,000), premise expenses (down 423,000) and technology (down 305,000). These decreases were partially offset by FDIC insurance (up 1.4 million) and increases in other losses (up 630,000) compared to the nine month period ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Insurance Segment 
 The insurance segment reported net income of 3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which was down 141,000, or 4.4 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. Total noninterest revenue was down 115,000, or 1.0 , for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same quarter in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in insurance commissions and fees in the third quarter of 2024 over the same period in 2023. The decrease in insurance commissions and fees was mainly due to a reduction in commission rates for certain personal lines carriers and lower than average commercial lines retention. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income was up 897,000, or 14.7 , from the same period in the prior year. Total noninterest revenue for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 was up 1.2 million, or 4.0 , compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase in total noninterest revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior year period includes growth in overall commission revenue of 603,000, or 2.2 , with increases in personal lines (up 455,000, or 5.7 ), and commercial lines (up 214,000, or 1.7 ); as well as growth in contingency revenues, which were up 455,000, or 15.9 . These increases were attributable to growth in all product lines from new business, rate increases related to current market conditions and improved ratios as they relate to carrier profit sharing calculations. 
 
 Noninterest expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were up 84,000, or 1.2 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Year-to-date noninterest expenses were down 20,000, or 0.1 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in noninterest expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by increases in salaries and employee benefits and legal expense, partially offset by decreases in intercompany expense and premises expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the slight decrease was mainly attributable to decreases in travel and meetings expense, intercompany expense, and marketing expense, which were partially offset by increases in salaries and employee benefits, and legal expenses. 
 
 Wealth Management Segment 
 The wealth management segment reported net income of 755,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which was up 193,000, or 34.3 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was up 605,000, or 13.7 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher assets under management and due to positive market conditions and new business production. Noninterest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was up 349,000, or 9.5 , compared to the same period in 2023, which was primarily attributable to an increase in salaries and employee benefits. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income of 2.8 million was up 932,000, or 48.9 , compared to the same period in the prior year. Total revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was up 1.5 million, or 11.2 , compared to the same period in the prior year, due to higher assets under management and favorable market conditions in 2024, and a one time gain on sales of certain customer accounts. Noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was up 304,000, or 2.7 , compared to the same period prior year. Increases in salaries and employee benefits and technology expense were slightly offset by decreases in travel, marketing and education expense. 
 
 52 

Net Interest Income 
 
 The following tables show average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the corresponding yield or cost associated with the second quarter of 2024 and for each of the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Average Consolidated Statements of Condition and Net Interest Analysis (Unaudited) Quarter Ended Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Average Average Balance Average Balance Average (Dollar amounts in thousands) (QTD) Interest Yield/Rate (QTD) Interest Yield/Rate ASSETS Interest-earning assets Interest-bearing balances due from banks 13,189 168 5.07 11,707 184 6.33 Securities (1) U.S. Government securities 1,664,611 9,740 2.33 1,717,975 10,067 2.36 State and municipal (2) 87,799 560 2.54 89,518 566 2.55 Other securities 3,282 60 7.27 3,260 59 7.32 Total securities 1,755,692 10,360 2.35 1,810,753 10,692 2.38 FHLBNY and FRB stock 38,534 888 9.17 37,681 820 8.76 Total loans and leases, net of unearned income (2)(3) 5,830,899 78,040 5.32 5,687,548 73,839 5.22 Total interest-earning assets 7,638,314 89,456 4.66 7,547,689 85,535 4.56 Other assets 276,610 262,372 Total assets 7,914,924 7,810,061 LIABILITIES EQUITY Deposits Interest-bearing deposits Interest bearing checking, savings, money market 3,509,116 16,635 1.89 3,498,746 15,754 1.81 Time deposits 1,016,949 10,076 3.94 987,348 9,530 3.88 Total interest-bearing deposits 4,526,065 26,711 2.35 4,486,094 25,284 2.27 Federal funds purchased securities sold under agreements to repurchase 42,449 11 0.10 40,298 11 0.11 Other borrowings 709,474 9,214 5.17 688,611 8,992 5.25 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,277,988 35,936 2.71 5,215,003 34,287 2.64 Noninterest bearing deposits 1,838,725 1,837,325 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 101,679 94,764 Total liabilities 7,218,392 7,147,092 Tompkins Financial Corporation Shareholders equity 695,057 661,523 Noncontrolling interest 1,475 1,446 Total equity 696,532 662,969 Total liabilities and equity 7,914,924 7,810,061 Interest rate spread 1.95 1.91 Net interest income (TE)/margin on earning assets 53,520 2.79 51,248 2.73 Tax Equivalent Adjustment (327) (295) Net interest income 53,193 50,953 
 
 53 

Average Consolidated Statements of Condition and Net Interest Analysis (Unaudited) Quarter Ended Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Average Balance Average Balance Average (Dollar amounts in thousands) (QTD) Interest Yield/Rate (QTD) Interest Yield/Rate ASSETS Interest-earning assets Interest-bearing balances due from banks 13,189 168 5.07 11,585 125 4.29 Securities (1) U.S. Government securities 1,664,611 9,740 2.33 1,890,659 7,294 1.53 State and municipal (2) 87,799 560 2.54 90,212 576 2.53 Other securities 3,282 60 7.27 3,272 59 7.18 Total securities 1,755,692 10,360 2.35 1,984,143 7,929 1.59 FHLBNY and FRB stock 38,534 888 9.17 24,511 490 7.94 Total loans and leases, net of unearned income (2)(3) 5,830,899 78,040 5.32 5,385,195 67,199 4.95 Total interest-earning assets 7,638,314 89,456 4.66 7,405,434 75,743 4.06 Other assets 276,610 224,442 Total assets 7,914,924 7,629,876 LIABILITIES EQUITY Deposits Interest-bearing deposits Interest bearing checking, savings, money market 3,509,116 16,635 1.89 3,615,395 12,674 1.39 Time deposits 1,016,949 10,076 3.94 826,082 6,832 3.28 Total interest-bearing deposits 4,526,065 26,711 2.35 4,441,477 19,506 1.74 Federal funds purchased securities sold under agreements to repurchase 42,449 11 0.10 57,624 15 0.10 Other borrowings 709,474 9,214 5.17 403,829 4,931 4.84 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,277,988 35,936 2.71 4,902,930 24,452 1.98 Noninterest bearing deposits 1,838,725 1,990,320 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 101,679 101,646 Total liabilities 7,218,392 6,994,896 Tompkins Financial Corporation Shareholders equity 695,057 633,494 Noncontrolling interest 1,475 1,487 Total equity 696,532 634,980 Total liabilities and equity 7,914,924 7,629,876 Interest rate spread 1.95 2.08 Net interest income (TE)/margin on earning assets 53,520 2.79 51,291 2.75 Tax Equivalent Adjustment (327) (278) Net interest income 53,193 51,013 

54 

Average Consolidated Statements of Condition and Net Interest Analysis (Unaudited) Year to Date Period Ended Year to Date Period Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Average Average Balance Average Balance Average (Dollar amounts in thousands) (YTD) Interest Yield/Rate (YTD) Interest Yield/Rate ASSETS Interest-earning assets Interest-bearing balances due from banks 12,369 506 5.46 12,630 447 4.73 Securities (1) U.S. Government securities 1,712,727 30,109 2.35 1,965,039 22,022 1.50 State and municipal (2) 89,063 1,697 2.55 91,858 1,764 2.57 Other securities 3,273 179 7.31 3,281 169 6.87 Total securities 1,805,063 31,985 2.37 2,060,178 23,955 1.55 FHLBNY and FRB stock 36,948 2,309 8.35 21,519 1,113 6.93 Total loans and leases, net of unearned income (2)(3) 5,713,780 223,656 5.23 5,314,221 191,946 4.83 Total interest-earning assets 7,568,160 258,456 4.56 7,408,548 217,461 3.92 Other assets 274,143 224,594 Total assets 7,842,303 7,633,142 LIABILITIES EQUITY Deposits Interest-bearing deposits Interest bearing checking, savings, money market 3,517,993 47,424 1.80 3,715,931 31,905 1.15 Time deposits 997,800 29,005 3.88 749,198 15,428 2.75 Total interest-bearing deposits 4,515,793 76,429 2.26 4,465,129 47,333 1.42 Federal funds purchased securities sold under agreements to repurchase 43,837 35 0.11 57,077 44 0.10 Other borrowings 673,809 26,267 5.21 351,600 12,041 4.58 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,233,439 102,731 2.62 4,873,806 59,418 1.63 Noninterest bearing deposits 1,835,776 2,019,917 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 97,593 100,491 Total liabilities 7,166,808 6,994,214 Tompkins Financial Corporation Shareholders equity 674,048 637,472 Noncontrolling interest 1,447 1,456 Total equity 675,495 638,928 Total liabilities and equity 7,842,303 7,633,142 Interest rate spread 1.94 2.29 Net interest income (TE)/margin on earning assets 155,725 2.75 158,043 2.85 Tax Equivalent Adjustment (904) (888) Net interest income 154,821 157,155 
 1 Average balances and yields on available-for-sale debt securities are based on historical amortized cost. 
 2 Interest income includes the tax effects of taxable-equivalent adjustments using an effective income tax rate of 21 in 2024 and 2023 to increase tax exempt interest income to taxable-equivalent basis. 
 3 Nonaccrual loans are included in the average asset totals presented above. Payments received on nonaccrual loans have been recognized as disclosed in Note 1 of the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Part 1 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is the Company s largest source of revenue, and is dependent on the volume and composition of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the level of market interest rates. The above tables show average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and the corresponding yield or cost associated with each. 
 
 Net interest income was 53.2 million and 154.8 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and was up 2.2 million, or 4.3 , and down 2.3 million, or 1.5 , respectively, from the same periods in 2023. 
 55 

Net interest margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.79 compared to 2.75 for the same period in 2023. The increase in net interest margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was driven by higher yields on interest earning assets and higher average loan balances, and was partially offset by higher funding costs. Net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.75 compared to 2.85 for the same period in 2023. The decrease in net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by higher average funding costs, which were up 99 basis points, outpacing higher average yields on interest-earning assets, which were up 64 basis points. 
 
 The quarterly net interest margin of 2.79 for the third quarter of 2024 was up 6 basis points from the second quarter of 2024, driven by higher yields on interest earning assets and higher average loan balances, and was partially offset by higher funding costs. The average yield on interest-earning assets for the third quarter of 2024 was 4.66 , up 10 basis points compared to 4.56 for the second quarter of 2024, while the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities for the third quarter of 2024 was 2.71 compared to 2.64 for the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 Interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 89.1 million and 257.6 million, up 18.1 and 18.9 , respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the average yield on interest-earning assets increased 60 and 64 basis points, respectively, over the same periods in 2023. Average interest-earning assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 232.9 million, or 3.1 , and 159.6 million, or 2.2 , respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. 
 
 Interest income on loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was up 10.8 million, or 16.1 , and 31.7 million, or 16.5 , compared to the same periods in 2023, driven by higher average yields and higher average loan balances. The average yields on loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 5.32 and 5.23 respectively, were up 37 and 40 basis points from the same periods in 2023. The increase in loan yields was a result of market-related increases in interest rates on new loans, an increase in variable and adjustable rate loan yields driven by rising market interest rates, including the prime rate, and new loan originations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 average loan balances were up 445.7 million, or 8.3 , and 399.6 million, or 7.5 , respectively, over the same periods of 2023. 
 
 Interest income on securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was up 2.4 million, or 31.2 , and 8.1 million or 34.2 , respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023. The average yield on total securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was up 76 and 82 basis points, respectively, over the same periods in 2023, while average balances for securities were down 228.5 million, or 11.5 , and 255.1 million, or 12.4 , respectively, over the same periods in 2023. The increase in securities yields was driven by market interest rate increases and the repositioning of the investment portfolio through the sale of approximately 510.5 million of available-for-sale investment securities in the second and third quarters of 2023. The securities sold had an average yield of 0.86 , while the proceeds of the sale were largely reinvested into securities with an estimated average yield of approximately 5.09 . 
 
 Interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 11.5 million, or 47.0 , and 43.3 million, or 72.9 , compared to the same periods in 2023. The increases reflect higher average costs of funds and a shift in funding mix. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.35 and 2.26 , respectively, up 61 and 84 basis points, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2023. Average interest-bearing deposits for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were up 84.6 million, or 1.9 , and 50.7 million, or 1.1 , respectively, from the same periods in 2023. Average noninterest bearing deposits were down 151.6 million, or 7.6 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were down 184.1 million, or 9.1 , compared to the same period in 2023. Average other borrowings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were up 305.6 million, or 75.7 , and up 322.2 million, or 91.6 , respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. The average rate paid on other borrowings for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were up 33 basis points and 63 basis points, respectively, over the same periods in 2023. The increase in the cost of average borrowings was primarily the result of the greater utilization of comparatively higher rate overnight borrowings to support loan growth. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The provision for credit losses represents management s estimate of the amount necessary to maintain the allowance for credit losses ("ACL") at an appropriate level. Provision for credit losses for the third quarter of 2024 was 2.2 million compared to 1.2 million for the third quarter of 2023. Provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 5.2 million compared to 2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in provision for credit losses for the nine month period ended September 30, 2024 was mainly driven by loan growth and the increase in net charge-offs in 2024 over 2023. The provision for credit losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a credit of 1.1 
 56 

million and 249,000, respectively, related to off-balance sheet credit exposures compared to an expense of 182,000 and 371,000, respectively, for the same periods in 2023. The decrease in off-balance sheet reserves was mainly due to model changes related to utilization rates and a decrease in the loan pipeline. The section captioned "Financial Condition The Allowance for Credit Losses" below has further details on the allowance for credit losses and asset quality metrics. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 Noninterest income of 23.4 million and 67.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were up 65.0 million, or 156.2 and 75.9 million, or 881.7 , respectively, from the same periods in 2023. The increase in quarterly and year-to-date noninterest income compared to the same periods for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, included pre-tax losses of 62.9 million and 70.0 million, respectively, on the sale of available-for-sale debt securities. 
 
 Insurance commissions and fees, the largest component of noninterest income, were 11.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, a decrease of 1.0 from the same period for the prior year. The decrease in insurance commissions and fees in the third quarter of 2024 over the same period in 2023 was mainly due to a reduction in commission rates for certain personal lines carriers and lower than average commercial lines retention. For the first nine months of 2024, insurance commissions and fees were up 1.1 million, or 3.6 , compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was due to growth in all product lines from new business, rate increases related to current market conditions and improved ratios as they relate to carrier profit sharing calculations. 
 
 Wealth management fees of 4.9 million in the third quarter of 2024 were up 583,000, or 13.4 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, wealth management fees were up 1.2 million, or 8.7 , compared to the same period in 2023. Wealth management fees include trust services, financial planning, wealth management services, and brokerage related services. The fair value of assets managed by, or in custody of, Tompkins was 3.2 billion at September 30, 2024, up 281.0 million, or 9.6 , from September 30, 2023. The increase in assets from prior year was mainly a result of positive market performance. 
 
 Service charges on deposits accounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were up 118,000, or 6.7 , and 294,000, or 5.7 , respectively, over the same periods in 2023. The increase was mainly in service fees on business accounts and net overdraft fees. 
 
 Card services income in the third quarter of 2024 was up 61,000, or 2.1 , over the same three month period in 2023, and up 509,000, or 5.9 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in the first nine months of 2024 included a 255,000 sign-on bonus related to the renewal of a card services contract. 
 
 Other income of 2.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 was up 1.3 million, or 132.2 , compared to the same period in 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, other income of 7.3 million was up 2.8 million, or 61.5 , compared to the same period in 2023. The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was mainly due to higher earnings on bank owned life insurance (up 515,000 and 1.1 million), derivatives related income (up 448,000 and 944,000), and gains on sale of residential loans (up 366,000 and 615,000). The nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included gains of 357,000 on the sale of certain customer accounts within the wealth management business. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 Noninterest expense of 49.9 million for the third quarter of 2024 was in line with the third quarter of 2023. Noninterest expense of 149.7 million for the first nine months of 2024 was down 2.3 million, or 1.5 , compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Expenses associated with compensation and benefits comprise the largest component of noninterest expense, representing 64.0 and 63.1 of total noninterest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Total salaries, wages and benefits for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were up 810,000, or 2.6 , over the same three month period in 2023, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were in line with the same period in 2023. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increases in salaries and wages, including incentive accruals, were largely offset by decreases in healthcare expense. 
 
 Other expense categories, not related to compensation and benefits, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were down 799,000, or 4.3 , and 2.5 million, or 4.3 , respectively, from the same periods in 2023. Contributing to the decrease in other operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023 were the following: travel and meetings down 164,000, or 40.5 , and 538,000, or 44.0 ; professional fees and consulting down 217,000, or 12.3 , and 779,000, or 13.7 ; expenses related to the Company s retirement plans down 174,000, or 52.7 , and 531,000 or 53.6 ; legal up 20,000, or 6.8 , and down 484,000, or 35.9 ; technology down 
 57 

571,000, or 14.5 , and 123,000, or 1.1 ; and marketing up 200,000, or 25.6 , and down 525,000, or 14.7 , when compared to the same periods in 2023. Decreases were partially offset by increases in FDIC insurance expense up 359,000, or 34.5 , and 1.4 million, or 49.8 , respectively, over the same periods in 2023, driven by an increase in assessment rates. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The provision for income taxes was 5.9 million for an effective rate of 23.9 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to a tax benefit of 8.3 million and an effective rate of 20.0 for the same quarter in 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, the provision for income taxes was 16.0 million for an effective rate of 23.7 compared to tax benefit of 619,000 and an effective rate of 10.3 for the same period in 2023. The increase in the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023 is largely due to an increase in pre-tax income, driven primarily by the realized losses on the sale of certain available-for-sale debt securities recognized in the second and third quarters of 2023. The effective rates differ from the U.S. and state statutory rates primarily due to the effect of tax-exempt income from loans, securities and life insurance assets, and the income tax effects associated with stock-based compensation. 
 
 The Company's banking subsidiary has an investment in real estate investment trusts that provide certain benefits on its New York State tax return for qualifying entities. A condition to claim the benefit is that the consolidated company has average assets of no more than 8.0 billion for the taxable year. The Company expects average assets to exceed the 8.0 billion threshold for the 2024 tax year. The Company will continue to monitor the consolidated average assets to determine future eligibility. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Total assets were 8.0 billion at September 30, 2024, up 186.7 million, or 2.4 , from December 31, 2023. Total loans were up 275.3 million, or 4.9 , cash and cash equivalents were up 52.8 million, or 66.4 , and total securities were down 107.3 million, or 6.2 , compared to December 31, 2023. Total deposits at September 30, 2024 were up 178.0 million, or 2.8 , and borrowings were down 62.8 million, or 10.4 , from December 31, 2023. 
 
 Securities 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s securities portfolio was 1.6 billion, or 20.3 , of total assets compared to 1.7 billion, or 22.1 , of total assets at year end 2023. The decrease in total securities was mainly due to principal runoff and maturities of debt securities during the first nine months of 2024, as cash flow was used to support loan growth. The following tables detail the composition of the securities portfolio: 
 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Securities September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value U.S. Treasuries 85,036 82,111 114,418 109,904 Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities 408,292 400,205 472,286 456,458 Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions 86,583 79,518 89,999 81,924 Mortgage-backed securities - residential, issued by U.S. Government agencies 70,886 67,100 49,976 45,240 U.S. Government sponsored entities 757,108 677,953 819,303 720,830 U.S. corporate debt securities 2,500 2,392 2,500 2,294 Total available-for-sale debt securities 1,410,405 1,309,279 1,548,482 1,416,650 
 
 Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value U.S. Treasuries 86,103 77,147 86,266 75,215 Obligations of U.S. Government sponsored entities 226,343 199,452 226,135 192,240 Total held-to-maturity debt securities 312,446 276,599 312,401 267,455 
 58 

As of September 30, 2024, the available-for-sale debt securities portfolio had net unrealized losses, which reflects the amount that the amortized cost exceeds fair value, of 101.1 million compared to net unrealized losses of 131.8 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease in unrealized losses related to the available-for-sale debt securities portfolio reflects interest rate volatility in the market, the volume and rates associated with securities purchases, and maturities in 2024. Management s policy is to purchase investment grade securities that on average have relatively short duration, which helps mitigate interest rate risk and provides sources of liquidity without significant risk to capital. 
 
 The Company evaluates available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities in an unrealized loss position to determine whether the decline in the fair value below the amortized cost basis (impairment) is the result of changes in interest rates or reflects a fundamental change in the credit worthiness of the underlying issuer. Any impairment that is not credit related is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable taxes. Credit-related impairment is recognized as an ACL on the Statement of Condition, limited to the amount by which the amortized cost basis exceeds the fair value, with a corresponding adjustment to earnings. Both the ACL and the adjustment to net income may be reversed if conditions change. 
 
 The Company determined that at September 30, 2024, all impaired available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities were impaired because of changes in interest rates and levels of market liquidity, relative to when the investment securities were purchased, and not due to the credit worthiness of the underlying issuers. The Company does not have the intent to sell these securities and does not believe it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these securities before a recovery of amortized cost. Therefore, the Company carried no ACL at September 30, 2024 and there was no credit loss expense recognized by the Company with respect to the securities portfolio during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Loans and Leases Loans and leases as of the end of the third quarter and prior year-end period were as follows: 
 (In thousands) 9/30/2024 12/31/2023 Commercial and industrial Agriculture 90,146 101,211 Commercial and industrial other 799,847 721,890 PPP loans 214 404 Subtotal commercial and industrial 890,207 823,505 Commercial real estate Construction 371,022 303,406 Agriculture 209,342 221,670 Commercial real estate other 2,730,074 2,587,591 Subtotal commercial real estate 3,310,438 3,112,667 Residential real estate Home equity 200,369 188,316 Mortgages 1,371,738 1,373,275 Subtotal residential real estate 1,572,107 1,561,591 Consumer and other Indirect 337 841 Consumer and other 100,312 96,942 Subtotal consumer and other 100,649 97,783 Leases 13,094 15,383 Total loans and leases 5,886,495 5,610,929 Less: unearned income and deferred costs and fees (5,234) (4,994) Total loans and leases, net of unearned income and deferred costs and fees 5,881,261 5,605,935 
 
 59 

The below table shows a more detailed break-out of commercial real estate ("CRE") loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 9/30/2024 12/31/2023 (In thousands) Balance CRE Balance CRE Construction 371,022 11.21 303,406 9.75 Multi-family/Single family real estate 630,252 19.04 603,118 19.38 Agriculture 209,342 6.32 221,670 7.12 Retail 1 
 429,945 12.99 425,871 13.68 Hotels/motels 182,803 5.52 167,408 5.38 Office space 2 
 234,843 7.09 236,721 7.61 Industrial 3 
 229,532 6.93 215,459 6.92 Mixed Use 365,454 11.04 349,985 11.24 Medical 4 
 149,241 4.51 138,057 4.44 Other 508,004 15.35 450,972 14.49 Total 3,310,438 100.00 3,112,667 100.00 1 Retail included 2.68 and 2.88 , respectively, of owner occupied real estate at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 2 Office space included 1.36 and 1.42 , respectively, of owner occupied real estate at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 3 Industrial included 2.27 and 2.16 , respectively, of owner occupied real estate at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 4 Medical included 2.45 and 2.69 , respectively, of owner occupied real estate at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Total loans and leases of 5.9 billion at September 30, 2024 were up 275.3 million, or 4.9 , from December 31, 2023, mainly in the commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan portfolios. As of September 30, 2024, total loans and leases represented 73.5 of total assets compared to 71.7 of total assets at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Residential real estate loans, including home equity loans, were 1.6 billion at September 30, 2024, up 10.5 million, or 0.7 , compared to December 31, 2023, and comprised 26.7 of total loans and leases at September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company may sell residential real estate loans in the secondary market based on interest rate considerations. The Company's Asset/Liability Committee meets regularly and establishes standards for selling and retaining residential real estate mortgage originations. These residential real estate loans are generally sold to Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("FHLMC") or State of New York Mortgage Agency ("SONYMA") without recourse in accordance with standard secondary market loan sale agreements. These residential real estate loans also are subject to customary representations and warranties made by the Company, including representations and warranties related to gross incompetence and fraud. The Company has not had to repurchase any loans as a result of these representations and warranties. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, the Company sold residential loans totaling 29.5 million and 3.2 million, respectively, recognizing gains of 701,000 and 86,000, respectively. These residential real estate loans were sold without recourse in accordance with standard secondary market loan sale agreements. When residential mortgage loans are sold, the Company typically retains all servicing rights, which provides the Company with a source of fee income. Mortgage servicing rights totaled 1.1 million at September 30, 2024, and 927,000 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans totaled 3.3 billion and 890.2 million, respectively, and represented 56.3 and 15.1 , respectively, of total loans and leases as of September 30, 2024. The commercial real estate portfolio was up 197.8 million, or 6.4 , compared to December 31, 2023, while commercial and industrial loans were up 66.7 million, or 8.1 , compared to December 31, 2023. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, agriculturally-related loans totaled 299.5 million, or 5.1 , of total loans and leases, compared to 322.9 million, or 5.8 , of total loans and leases at December 31, 2023. Agriculturally-related loans include loans to dairy farms and crop farms. Agriculturally-related loans are primarily made based on identified cash flows of the borrower with 
 60 

consideration given to underlying collateral, personal guarantees, and government related guarantees. Agriculturally-related loans are generally secured by the assets or property being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable, livestock, equipment or commodities/crops. 
 
 The Company has adopted comprehensive lending policies, underwriting standards and loan review procedures. Management reviews these policies and procedures on a regular basis. The Company discussed its lending policies and underwriting guidelines for its various lending portfolios in Note 4 "Loans and Leases" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no significant changes in these policies and guidelines since the date of that report. The Company s Board of Directors approves the lending policies at least annually. The Company recognizes that exceptions to policy guidelines may occasionally occur and has established procedures for approving exceptions to these policy guidelines. Management has also implemented reporting systems to monitor loan originations, loan quality, concentrations of credit, loan delinquencies and nonperforming loans and potential problem loans. 
 
 The Company s loan and lease customers are located primarily in the New York and Pennsylvania communities served by its subsidiary bank. Although operating in numerous communities in New York and Pennsylvania, the Company is still dependent on the general economic conditions of these states and the local economic conditions of the communities within those states in which the Company does business. 
 
 The Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The below table represents the allowance for credit losses as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The table provides, as of the dates indicated, an allocation of the allowance for credit losses for inherent loan losses by type. The allocation is neither indicative of the specific amounts or the loan categories in which future charge-offs may occur, nor is it an indicator of future loss trends. The allocation of the allowance for credit losses to each category does not restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in any category. 
 
 (In thousands) 9/30/2024 12/31/2023 Allowance for credit losses Commercial and industrial 7,614 6,667 Commercial real estate 33,864 31,581 Residential real estate 12,376 11,700 Consumer and other 1,467 1,557 Finance leases 63 79 Total 55,384 51,584 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the total allowance for credit losses was 55.4 million, up 3.8 million, or 7.4 , compared to December 31, 2023. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans measured 0.94 at September 30, 2024 compared to 0.92 at December 31, 2023. The increase in the allowance for credit losses from year-end 2023 reflects loan growth, mainly in commercial real estate and commercial loans; updates to model assumptions, including prepayment speeds, curtailment rates, and recovery lag; as well as updated economic forecasts for unemployment and gross domestic product for the quarter. A reserve totaling approximately 310,000 was added to the allowance during the second quarter of 2024 for one commercial relationship that was individually evaluated for impairment. 
 
 Asset quality measures at September 30, 2024 were generally favorable when compared with December 31, 2023. Nonperforming loans and leases were up 308,000, or 0.5 , compared to year end 2023 and represented 1.06 of total loans at September 30, 2024 compared to 1.11 at December 31, 2023. The allowance for credit losses covered 88.51 of nonperforming loans and leases at September 30, 2024, compared to 82.84 at December 31, 2023. Loans internally-classified Special Mention or Substandard were up 2.9 million, or 2.4 , compared to December 31, 2023. 
 
 61 

Activity in the Company s allowance for credit losses during the first nine months of 2024 and 2023 is illustrated in the table below: 
 
 Analysis of the Allowance for Credit Losses (In thousands) 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Average loans outstanding during period 5,713,780 5,314,221 Allowance at beginning of year, prior to adoption of ASU 2016-13 51,584 45,934 Impact of adopting ASU 2016-13 0 64 Balance of allowance at beginning of year 51,584 45,998 LOANS CHARGED-OFF: Commercial and industrial 283 0 Residential real estate 0 2 Consumer and other 1,867 546 Total loans charged-off 2,150 548 RECOVERIES OF LOANS PREVIOUSLY CHARGED-OFF: Commercial and industrial 29 67 Commercial real estate 6 1,238 Residential real estate 130 182 Consumer and other 336 192 Total loans recovered 501 1,679 Net loans charged-off (recovered) 1,649 (1,131) Provision for credit losses related to loans 5,449 2,207 Balance of allowance at end of period 55,384 49,336 Allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans and leases 0.94 0.91 Annualized net charge-offs (recoveries) on loans to average total loans and leases during the period 0.04 (0.03) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the allowance for credit losses was 55.4 million and 0.94 of total loans and leases, compared to 51.6 million and 0.92 of total loans and leases at December 31, 2023 and 49.3 million and 0.91 of total loans and leases at September 30, 2023. 
 
 The provision for credit losses for loans was 3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 968,000 for the same period in 2023. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, the provision for credit losses for loans was 5.4 million compared to 2.2 million for the same period in 2023. The provision expense for credit losses for loans is based upon the Company's quarterly evaluation of the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses. The increase in provision for credit losses for both the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 was mainly driven by loan growth, increases in net charge-offs, updates to model assumptions, and reserves for one commercial relationship that was individually evaluated for impairment. 
 
 Net loan and lease charge-offs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 912,0000 and 1.6 million, respectively, compared to net charge-offs of 171,000 and net recoveries of 1.1 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2023. The recoveries in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were largely related to one commercial relationship. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures 
 Financial instruments include off-balance sheet credit instruments, such as commitments to make loans, and commercial letters of credit. The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for off-balance sheet loan commitments is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. Such financial instruments are recorded when they are funded. The Company records an allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures, unless the commitments to extend credit are unconditionally cancellable, through a charge to credit loss expense for off-balance sheet credit exposures included in provision for credit loss expense in the Company's consolidated statements of income. 
 
 62 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the provision for credit losses for off-balance sheet credit exposures was a credit of 1.1 million compared to provision of 182,000 for the same period in 2023. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2024, the provision for credit losses for off-balance sheet credit exposures was a credit of 249,000 compared to provision expense of 371,000 for the same period in 2023. The decrease for both periods in 2024 over 2023 was mainly driven by updates to model assumptions related to average utilization rates for lines of credit. 
 
 Analysis of Past Due and Nonperforming Loans (In thousands) 9/30/2024 12/31/2023 9/30/2023 Loans 90 days past due and accruing Residential real estate 5 0 1 Consumer and other 188 101 51 Total loans 90 days past due and accruing 193 101 52 Nonaccrual loans Commercial and industrial 2,223 2,273 3,163 Commercial real estate 43,993 44,450 10,934 Residential real estate 16,013 15,172 16,924 Consumer and other 152 270 360 Total nonaccrual loans 62,381 62,165 31,381 Total nonperforming loans and leases 62,574 62,266 31,433 Other real estate owned 81 131 0 Total nonperforming assets 62,655 62,397 31,433 Allowance as a percentage of nonperforming loans and leases 88.51 82.84 156.96 Total nonperforming loans and leases as percentage of total loans and leases 1.06 1.11 0.58 Total nonperforming assets as percentage of total assets 0.78 0.80 0.41 
 
 Nonperforming assets include loans past due 90 days and accruing, nonaccrual loans, and foreclosed real estate/other real estate owned. Total nonperforming assets of 62.7 million at September 30, 2024 were up 258,000, or 0.4 , compared to December 31, 2023, and up 31.2 million, or 99.3 , compared to September 30, 2023. The increase in nonperforming assets at September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023 was mainly due to the addition during the fourth quarter of 2023 of one relationship with two commercial real estate properties totaling approximately 33.3 million included in the office space and mixed use properties portion of the commercial real estate portfolio. Nonperforming assets represented 0.78 of total assets at September 30, 2024, down from 0.80 at December 31, 2023, and up from 0.41 at September 30, 2023. Our peer group's average ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets was 0.50 at June 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company adopted ASU 2022-02 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326), effective January 1, 2023. This standard eliminated the previous troubled debt restructuring accounting model and replaced it with guidance and disclosure requirements for identifying modifications to loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. Modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty may include interest rate reductions, principal or interest forgiveness, forbearances, term extensions, and other actions intended to minimize economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of collateral. At September 30, 2024, the Company had 4.5 million of modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 
 
 In general, the Company places a loan on nonaccrual status if principal or interest payments become 90 days or more past due and/or management deems the collectability of the principal and/or interest to be in question, as well as when required by applicable regulations. Although on nonaccrual status, the Company may continue to receive payments on these loans. These payments are generally recorded as a reduction to principal, and interest income is recorded only after principal recovery is reasonably assured. 
 
 The ratio of the allowance to nonperforming loans and leases (loans past due 90 days and accruing, and nonaccrual loans) was 88.51 at September 30, 2024, compared to 82.84 at December 31, 2023, and 156.96 at September 30, 2023. The Company s nonperforming loans and leases are mostly comprised of collateral dependent loans with limited exposure or loans that require limited specific reserve due to the level of collateral available with respect to these loans and/or previous charge-offs. 
 
 63 

The Company, through its internal loan review function, identified 14 commercial relationships from the loan portfolio totaling 23.5 million at September 30, 2024, that were potential problem, or Substandard, loans. At December 31, 2023, the Company had identified 17 relationships totaling 26.0 million that were potential problem loans. Of the 14 relationships at September 30, 2024 that were Substandard, there were 3 relationships that equaled or exceeded 1.0 million, which in aggregate totaled 19.6 million, the largest of which was 16.3 million. The Company continues to monitor these potential problem relationships; however, management cannot predict the extent to which changing economic conditions or other factors may further impact borrowers. These loans remain in a performing status due to a variety of factors, including payment history, the value of collateral supporting the credits, and government guarantees. These factors, when considered in the aggregate, give management reason to believe that the current risk exposure on these loans does not warrant accounting for these loans as nonperforming. However, these loans do exhibit certain risk factors, which have the potential to cause them to become nonperforming. Accordingly, management's attention is focused on these credits, which are reviewed on at least a quarterly basis. 
 
 Capital 
 Total equity was 721.3 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 51.4 million, or 7.7 , from December 31, 2023. 
 
 Additional paid-in capital increased by 2.6 million, or 0.9 , from 297.2 million at December 31, 2023, to 299.7 million at September 30, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to 2.7 million related to stock-based compensation. 
 
 Retained earnings increased by 24.9 million, or 5.0 , from 501.5 million at December 31, 2023, to 526.4 million at September 30, 2024, mainly reflecting net income of 51.2 million for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024, reduced by dividends paid of 26.2 million. 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss decreased from a net loss of 125.0 million at December 31, 2023, to a net loss of 101.2 million at September 30, 2024, reflecting a 23.2 million decrease in unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities due to changes in market interest rates; and a 622,000 decrease related to post-retirement benefit plans. 
 
 Cash dividends paid in the first nine months of 2024 totaled approximately 26.2 million, or 1.82 per common share, representing 51.2 of year to date 2024 earnings through September 30, 2024, compared to cash dividends of 26.0 million, or 1.80 per common share paid in the first nine months of 2023. Cash dividends per share during the first nine months of 2024 were up 1.1 over the same period in 2023. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiary bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by Federal bank regulatory agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operation and financial condition. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action (PCA), banks must meet specific guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications of the Company and its subsidiary banks are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators concerning components, risk weightings, and other factors. Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the maintenance of minimum amounts and ratios of common equity Tier 1 capital, Total capital and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, and of Tier 1 capital to average assets. Management believes that the Company and its subsidiary bank met, as of September 30, 2024, all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the Company s capital ratios as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Regulatory Capital Analysis September 30, 2024 Actual Minimum Capital Required - Basel III Fully Phased-In Well Capitalized Requirement (dollar amounts in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total Capital (to risk weighted assets) 786,195 13.21 624,857 10.50 595,102 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 727,296 12.22 505,836 8.50 476,081 8.00 Tier 1 Common Equity (to risk weighted assets) 727,296 12.22 416,571 7.00 386,816 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 727,296 9.19 316,428 4.00 395,535 5.00 
 
 64 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company s capital ratios exceeded the minimum required capital ratios plus the fully phased-in capital conservation buffer, and the minimum required capital ratios for well capitalized institutions. The capital levels required to be considered well capitalized, presented in the above table, are based upon prompt corrective action regulations, as amended to reflect the changes under Basel III Capital Rules. 
 
 Total capital as a percent of risk weighted assets decreased to 13.2 at September 30, 2024, compared with 13.4 at December 31, 2023. Tier 1 capital as a percent of risk weighted assets declined to 12.2 at September 30, 2024 compared to 12.4 at December 31, 2023. Tier 1 capital as a percent of average assets was 9.2 at September 30, 2024, up from 9.1 as of December 31, 2023. Common equity Tier 1 capital was 12.2 at September 30, 2024, down from 12.4 at December 31, 2023. The decrease in the capital ratios at September 30, 2024, compared to December 31, 2023 was mainly a result of growth in loan portfolio over the period exceeding growth in capital. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the capital ratios for the Company s subsidiary bank also exceeded the minimum required capital ratios for well capitalized institutions, plus the fully phased-in capital conservation buffer. 
 
 In 2020, U.S. Federal regulatory authorities issued an interim final rule that provides banking organizations that adopted CECL during the 2020 calendar year with the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of the capital benefit provided during the initial two-year delay (i.e., a five-year transition in total). In connection with our adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020, we elected to utilize the five-year CECL transition. 
 
 Deposits and Other Liabilities 
 Total deposits of 6.6 billion at September 30, 2024 were up 178.0 million, or 2.8 , compared to December 31, 2023,and were down 45.5 million, or 0.7 , compared to September 30, 2023. The increase from year-end 2023 was in checking, money market and savings, which were up 170.2 million, or 4.9 , and time deposits, which were up 44.0 million, or 4.4 . The increase was mainly in municipal deposits and reflects seasonal inflows related to collection of tax receipts. 
 
 The most significant source of funding for the Company is core deposits. The Company defines core deposits as total deposits less time deposits of 250,000 or more, brokered deposits, municipal money market deposits, and reciprocal deposit relationships with municipalities. Core deposits increased by 155.3 million, or 3.0 , from year-end 2023, to 5.3 billion at September 30, 2024. Core deposits at September 30, 2024 were down 81.7 million, or 1.5 , from September 30, 2023. Core deposits represented 81.3 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, compared to 81.1 of total deposits at December 31, 2023 and 81.9 at September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company uses both retail and wholesale repurchase agreements. Retail repurchase agreements are arrangements with local customers of the Company, in which the Company agrees to sell securities to the customer with an agreement to repurchase those securities at a specified later date. Retail repurchase agreements totaled 67.5 million at September 30, 2024, and 51.0 million at December 31, 2023. Management generally views retail repurchase agreements as an alternative to large time deposits. 
 
 The Company s other borrowings totaled 539.3 million at September 30, 2024, down 62.8 million, or 10.4 , from 602.1 million at December 31, 2023. The decrease in other borrowings was mainly due to increased deposit balances. Borrowings at September 30, 2024 consisted of 300.0 million in overnight FHLB advances and 239.3 million of FHLB term advances, compared to 477.1 million in FHLB overnight advances and 125.0 million of FHLB term advances at year end 2023. Of the 239.3 million in FHLB term advances at September 30, 2024, 94.3 million was due to mature in less than one year and 145.0 million was due to mature in over one year. 
 
 Liquidity 
 The objective of liquidity management is to ensure the availability of adequate funding sources to satisfy anticipated demand for credit, deposit withdrawals, and business investment opportunities. The Company s large, stable core deposit base and strong capital position are the foundation for the Company s liquidity position. The Company uses a variety of resources to meet its liquidity needs, which include deposits, cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flow from lending and investing activities, repurchase agreements, and borrowings. The Company s Asset/Liability Management Committee monitors asset and liability positions of the Company s subsidiary bank individually and on a combined basis. The Committee reviews periodic reports on liquidity and interest rate sensitivity positions. Comparisons with industry and peer groups are also monitored. The Company s strong reputation in the communities it serves, along with its strong financial condition, provides access to numerous sources of liquidity as described below. Management believes these diverse liquidity sources provide sufficient means to meet all demands on the Company s liquidity that are reasonably likely to occur. Management measures liquidity, including the level of cash, unencumbered securities, and the availability of dependable borrowing sources. The Board 
 65 

has set a policy limit stating that reliable sources of liquidity should remain in excess of 6 of total assets. The ratio was 18.0 at September 30, 2024 compared to 18.3 of assets at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Core deposits, discussed above under "Deposits and Other Liabilities", are a primary and low cost funding source obtained primarily through the Bank's branch network. In addition to core deposits, the Company uses non-core funding sources to support asset growth. These non-core funding sources include time deposits of 250,000 or more, municipal money market deposits, reciprocal deposits, bank borrowings, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and overnight and term advances from the FHLB. Rates and terms are the primary determinants of the mix of these funding sources. Non-core funding sources of 1.8 billion at September 30, 2024 decreased 23.5 million, or 1.3 , as compared to December 31, 2023. Non-core funding sources, as a percentage of total liabilities, were 25.3 at September 30, 2024, compared to 26.1 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Non-core funding sources may require securities to be pledged against the underlying liability. Securities held with a carrying value of 1.1 billion at September 30, 2024 and 1.0 billion at December 31, 2023, were either pledged or sold under agreements to repurchase. Pledged securities represented 63.5 of total securities at September 30, 2024, compared to 54.8 of total securities at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents totaled 132.3 million as of September 30, 2024 which increased from 79.5 million at December 31, 2023. Short-term investments, consisting of securities due in one year or less, increased from 98.7 million at December 31, 2023, to 108.6 million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash flow from the loan and investment portfolios provides a significant source of liquidity. These assets may have stated maturities in excess of one year, but have monthly principal reductions. Total mortgage-backed securities, at fair value, were 745.1 million at September 30, 2024 compared with 766.1 million at December 31, 2023. Outstanding principal balances of residential mortgage loans, consumer loans, and leases totaled approximately 1.7 billion at September 30, 2024, up 11.1 million, or 0.7 compared with December 31, 2023. Aggregate amortization from monthly payments on these assets provides significant additional cash flow to the Company. 
 
 The Company's liquidity is enhanced by ready access to national and regional wholesale funding sources including Federal funds purchased, repurchase agreements, brokered deposits, and FHLB advances. Through its subsidiary bank, the Company has borrowing relationships with the FHLB and correspondent banks, which provide secured and unsecured borrowing capacity. As members of the FHLB, the Company can use certain unencumbered mortgage-related assets and securities to secure borrowings from the FHLB. At September 30, 2024, the established borrowing capacity with the FHLB was 1.4 billion, or 18.0 of total assets, with available unencumbered mortgage-related assets of 769.5 million. Additional assets may also qualify as collateral for FHLB advances, upon approval of the FHLB. Through various programs at the Federal Reserve Bank, the Company has the ability to use certain unencumbered mortgage-related assets and securities to secure borrowings from the Federal Reserve Bank's Discount Window. At September 30, 2024 the available borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank was 142.1 million, secured by loans. In addition to the available borrowing lines at the FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank, the Company maintains 508.7 million of unencumbered securities which could be pledged to further enhance secured borrowing capacity. 
 
 Non-GAAP Disclosure 
 
 The tables below disclose non-GAAP financial measures. The Company believes the non-GAAP measures provide meaningful comparisons of our underlying operational performance and facilitate management's and investors' assessments of business and performance trends. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a measure of the Company's profitability or liquidity; they are in addition to, and are not a substitute for, financial measures under GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measures presented herein may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations since they do not reflect all of the amounts associated with the Company's results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company's results of operations on a GAAP basis and on an operating (non-GAAP) basis for the periods indicated by excluding the effects of sales of available-for-sale debt securities at a loss during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 66 

Reconciliation of Net Income Available to Common Shareholders/Diluted Earnings Per Share (GAAP) to Net Operating Income Available to Common Shareholders/Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share (Non-GAAP); Return on Average Assets and Return on Average Equity (GAAP) to Adjusted Return on Average Assets, Adjusted Return on Average Equity, and Adjusted Operating Return on Average Tangible Common Equity (Non-GAAP) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (In thousands, except per share data) 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 9/30/2024 9/30/2023 Net income Net income (loss) (GAAP) 18,638 (33,354) 51,192 (5,498) (Gain) loss on sale of investment securities (85) 62,967 (65) 70,019 Less: Tax effect of gain (loss) on sale of investment securities (21) 15,427 (16) 17,155 Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 18,574 14,186 51,143 47,366 Basic earnings per share Net income (loss) (GAAP) 18,638 (33,354) 51,192 (5,498) Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 18,574 14,186 51,143 47,366 Loss attributable to unvested stock based compensation awards 0 (8) 0 (34) Weighted average basic shares 14,215,607 14,185,763 14,214,012 14,274,929 Basic earnings per share 1.31 (2.35) 3.60 (0.39) Adjusted basic earnings per share (non-GAAP) 1.31 1.00 3.60 3.32 Diluted earnings per share Net income (loss) (GAAP) 18,638 (33,354) 51,192 (5,498) Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 18,574 14,186 51,143 47,366 Loss attributable to unvested stock based compensation awards 0 (8) 0 (34) Weighted average diluted shares 14,283,255 14,224,748 14,253,728 14,319,835 Diluted earnings per share 1.30 (2.35) 3.59 (0.39) Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP) 1.30 1.00 3.59 3.31 Return on average assets Net income (loss) (GAAP) 18,638 (33,354) 51,192 (5,498) Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 18,574 14,186 51,143 47,366 Average total assets 7,914,924 7,629,876 7,842,303 7,633,142 Return on average assets (GAAP) 0.94 (1.73) 0.87 (0.10) Adjusted return on average assets (non-GAAP) 0.93 0.74 0.87 0.83 Return on average equity Net income (loss) (GAAP) 18,638 (33,354) 51,192 (5,498) Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 18,574 14,186 51,143 47,366 Average total equity 696,532 634,980 675,495 638,928 Return on average equity (GAAP) 10.65 (20.84) 10.12 (1.15) Adjusted return on average equity (non-GAAP) 10.61 8.86 10.11 9.91 
 
 The table below shows a reconciliation of common equity book value per share to tangible common equity. Tangible common equity, a non-GAAP financial measure, is total stockholders' equity less intangible assets. Tangible book value per share, a non-GAAP financial measure, is tangible common equity divided by total shares issued and outstanding. These measures adjust common equity per share to exclude the effects of goodwill and intangible amortization expense on earnings, equity, and capital. 
 67 

Reconciliation of Tangible Book Value Per Share (non-GAAP) to Common Equity Book Value Per Share (GAAP) Quarter-Ended Year-ended (In thousands, except share and per share data) 9/30/2024 12/31/2023 Total common equity (GAAP) 719,855 668,522 Less: Goodwill and intangibles 93,760 94,003 Tangible common equity (Non-GAAP) 626,095 574,519 Ending shares outstanding 14,394,255 14,405,920 Common equity per share (GAAP) 50.01 46.41 Tangible book value per share (Non-GAAP) 43.50 39.88 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk is the primary market risk category associated with the Company s operations. Interest rate risk refers to the volatility of earnings caused by changes in interest rates. The Company manages interest rate risk using income simulation to measure interest rate risk inherent in its on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments at a given point in time. The simulation models are used to estimate the potential effect of interest rate shifts on net interest income for future periods. Each quarter the Company s Asset/Liability Management Committee reviews the simulation results to determine whether the exposure of net interest income to changes in interest rates remains within Board-approved levels. The Committee also considers strategies to manage this exposure and incorporates these strategies into the investment and funding decisions of the Company. The Company uses derivatives to manage various risks and to accommodate the business requirements of its customers. Additional information on derivatives is available in "Note 14 Derivatives and Hedging Activities" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, "Financial Statements" of this Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors has set a policy that interest rate risk exposure will remain within a range whereby net interest income will not decline by more than 10 in one year as a result of a 100 basis point parallel change in rates. Based upon the most recent simulation analysis performed as of August 31, 2024, a 200 basis point parallel upward change in interest rates over a one-year time frame would result in a one-year decrease in net interest income from the base case of approximately 4.2 , while a 200 basis point parallel decline in interest rates over a one-year period would result in a one year increase in net interest income of 4.1 from the base case. This simulation assumes no balance sheet growth, no changes in balance sheet mix, deposit rates move in a manner that reflects the historical relationship between deposit rate movement and changes in Federal funds rate, and no management action to address balance sheet mismatches. 
 
 The decrease in net interest income in the rising rate scenario is a result of the balance sheet showing a more liability sensitive position over a one-year time horizon. As such, in the short-term net interest income is expected to trend slightly below the base assumption, as upward adjustments to rate sensitive deposits and short-term funding outpace increases to asset yields which are concentrated in intermediate to longer-term products. As intermediate and longer-term assets continue to reprice/adjust into higher rate environment and funding costs stabilize, the simulation shows net interest income is expected to trend upwards. 
 
 The down 200 basis point scenario increases net income in the first year as a result of the Company's assets repricing downward to a lesser degree than the rates on the Company's interest-bearing liabilities, mainly deposits and overnight borrowings. The model assumes that prepayments accelerate in the down interest rate environment resulting in additional pressure on asset yields as proceeds are reinvested at lower rates. 
 
 The most recent simulation of a base case scenario, which in addition to the above assumptions, also assumes interest rates remain unchanged from the date of the simulation, reflects net interest income trending higher over the next 24 months, with a 10 increase in net interest income in year two of the simulation as compared to year one. 
 
 Although the simulation model is useful in identifying potential exposure to interest rate movements, actual results may differ from those modeled as the repricing, maturity, balance sheet mix, and prepayment characteristics of financial instruments may change to a different degree than modeled. In addition, the model does not reflect actions that management may employ to manage the Company's interest rate risk exposure. The Company s current liquidity profile, capital position, and growth prospects, offer a level of flexibility for management to take actions that could offset some of the negative effects of unfavorable movements in interest rates. Management believes the current exposure to changes in interest rates is not significant in relation to the earnings and capital strength of the Company. 
 68 

In addition to the simulation analysis, management uses an interest rate gap measure. The table below is a Condensed Static Gap Report, which illustrates the anticipated repricing intervals of assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2024. The Company s one-year net interest rate gap was a negative 557.4 million, or 6.96 , of total assets at September 30, 2024, compared with a negative 836.6 million, or 10.70 , of total assets at December 31, 2023. A negative gap position exists when the amount of interest-bearing liabilities maturing or repricing exceeds the amount of interest-earning assets maturing or repricing within a particular time period. This analysis suggests that the Company s net interest income contains a higher degree of risk in a rising rate environment over the next 12 months. An interest rate gap measure could be affected by external factors such as a rise or decline in interest rates, loan or securities prepayments, and deposit withdrawals. 
 
 Condensed Static Gap - September 30, 2024 Repricing Interval (In thousands) Total 0-3 months 3-6 months 6-12 months Cumulative 12 months Interest-earning assets 1 
 7,657,795 1,320,987 365,171 585,489 2,271,647 Interest-bearing liabilities 5,303,882 2,186,357 335,146 307,562 2,829,065 Net gap position (865,370) 30,025 277,927 (557,418) Net gap position as a percentage of total assets (10.81) 0.38 3.47 (6.96) 
 1 Balances of available securities are shown at amortized cost 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Based upon that evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Report on Form 10-Q, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reportin g 
 There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is subject to various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of conducting business. As of September 30, 2024, management, after consultation with legal counsel, does not anticipate that the aggregate ultimate liability arising out of litigation pending or threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries will be material to the Company's consolidated financial position. On at least a quarterly basis, the Company assesses its liabilities and contingencies in connection with such legal proceedings. Although the Company does not believe that the outcome of pending litigation will be material to the Company's consolidated financial position, it cannot rule out the possibility that such outcomes will be material to the consolidated results of operations for a particular reporting period in the future. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes in the risk factors previously disclosed under Item 1A. in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 69 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (a) (b) (c) (d) July 1, 2024 through July 31, 2024 3,159 48.53 0 400,000 August 1, 2024 through August 31, 2024 2,629 58.85 0 400,000 September 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 0 0.00 0 400,000 Total 5,788 53.21 0 400,000 
 
 Included in the table above are 3,159 shares purchased in July 2024, at an average cost of 48.53, and 992 shares purchased in August 2024, at an average cost of 58.84, by the trustee of the rabbi trust established by the Company under the Company s Stock Retainer Plan For Eligible Directors of Tompkins Financial Corporation and Participating Subsidiaries (the "Director Retainer Plan"), which were part of the director deferred compensation under that plan. In addition, the table includes 1,637 shares delivered to the Company in August 2024 at an average cost of 58.85 to satisfy mandatory tax withholding requirements upon vesting of restricted stock under the Company's 2019 Equity Plan. 
 
 On July 20, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase plan (the 2023 Repurchase Plan under which the Company may repurchase up to 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock over the 24 months following adoption of the plan. Shares may be repurchased from time to time under the 2023 Repurchase Plan in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws, and the repurchase program may be suspended, modified or terminated by the Board of Directors at any time for any reason. As of September 30, 2024, no shares have been repurchased under the 2023 Repurchase Plan. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 On July 5, 2024, we issued an aggregate of 1,253 shares of our common stock to non-employee members of our Board of Directors who elected to receive all or a portion of their quarterly director retainer fees in Company stock pursuant to the Director Retainer Plan. These shares were valued based on the closing market price per share of our common stock of 46.27 on July 5, 2024, for an aggregate value of 57,976. The shares were issued to our non-employee directors in private transactions exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 70 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 (a) 

(b) 
 
 None 
 
 (c) 
 
 None 
 71 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company s Form 10-Q, filed with the Commission on August 11, 2008. 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 31, 2011. 
 4.1 Form of Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A (No. 0-27514), filed with the Commission on December 29, 1995. 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (filed herewith). 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (filed herewith). 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (filed herewith). 
 101 INS The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document 101 SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101 CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101 DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101 LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101 PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the interactive date file because its XBRL tags are embedded with the inline XBRL document. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Condition as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; (v) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

72 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: November 06, 2024 
 
 TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 
 By: /s/ Stephen S. Romaine Stephen S. Romaine President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 By: /s/ Matthew D. Tomazin Matthew D. Tomazin Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

73 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tmp2024-09x30ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Stephen S. Romaine, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tompkins Financial Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 06, 2024 s Stephen S. Romaine Stephen S. Romaine President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tmp2024-09x30ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Matthew D. Tomazin, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tompkins Financial Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 06, 2024 s Matthew D. Tomazin Matthew D. Tomazin Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tmp2024-09x30ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report by Tompkins Financial Corporation (the Company ), the undersigned, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 November 06, 2024 s Stephen S. Romaine Stephen S. Romaine President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tmp2024-09x30ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report by Tompkins Financial Corporation (the Company ), the undersigned, as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 November 06, 2024 s Matthew D. Tomazin Matthew D. Tomazin Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tmp-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tmp-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tmp-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tmp-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tmp-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

