<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241209_10-Q_edgar_data_74046_0000074046-24-000094.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5312770</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>79051</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1032482</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1608135</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1312711</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1180043</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000074046-24-000094.hdr.sgml : 20241209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241209160833
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000074046-24-000094
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Oil-Dri Corp of America
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000074046
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				362048898
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12622
		FILM NUMBER:		241535169

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3123211515

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OIL-DRI Corp OF AMERICA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170417

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OIL DRI CORP OF AMERICA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170307

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OIL-DRI CORP OF AMERICA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170306

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000074046-24-000094.txt : 20241209

10-Q
 1
 odc-20241031.htm
 10-Q

odc-20241031 

UNITED STATES 
 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended October 31, 2024 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from _____________ to ______________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of the registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) The registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for at least the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer o 
 Non-accelerated Filer o 
 x 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company o 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 30, 2024, shares of the registrant's Common Stock and shares of the registrant's Class B Stock were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Page Item 1: Financial Statements 
 3 
 Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results Of Operations 
 22 
 Item 3: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 
 Item 4: Controls and Procedures 
 27 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1A: Risk Factors 
 28 
 Item 2: Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 29 
 Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 Item 6: Exhibits 
 30 
 Signatures 
 31 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements in this report, including, but not limited to, those under the heading "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and those statements elsewhere in this report and other documents that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management s assumptions. In addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking statements in press releases or written statements, or in our communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, webcasts, phone calls and conference calls. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "expect," "outlook," "forecast," "would," "could," "should," "project," "intend," "plan," "continue," "believe," "seek," "estimate," "anticipate," "may," "assume," "potential," "strive," and similar references to future periods. 
 
 Such statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially, including, but not limited to, those described herein and in Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024 and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC. Should one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, intended, expected, believed, estimated, projected, planned or otherwise expressed in any forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Except to the extent required by law, we do not have any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise. 
 
 TRADEMARK NOTICE 
 
 "Oil-Dri" is a registered trademark of Oil-Dri Corporation of America. 
 2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Financial Statements 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts, unaudited) 
 
 ASSETS October 31, 2024 July 31, 2024 Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances 
 of and at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Total Current Assets Other Assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Trademarks, trade names and patents, net of accumulated amortization 
 of and at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively 
 Customer list, net of accumulated amortization 
 of and at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively 
 Deferred income taxes Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total Other Assets Total Assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 3 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (continued) 
 (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts, unaudited) 
 
 LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY October 31, 2024 July 31, 2024 Current Liabilities Current maturities of notes payable Accounts payable Dividends payable Operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses Total Current Liabilities Noncurrent Liabilities Long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 
 of and at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively 
 Deferred compensation Long-term operating lease liabilities Other Total Noncurrent Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See note 7) 
 Stockholders Equity Common Stock, par value per share, issued shares at October 31, 2024 
 and shares at July 31, 2024 
 Class B Stock, par value per share, issued shares at October 31, 2024 
 and shares at July 31, 2024 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Less Treasury Stock, at cost Common and Class B shares at 
 October 31, 2024 and Common and Class B shares at July 31, 2024) 
 ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except for share and per share amounts, unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Net Sales Cost of Goods Sold ) ) Gross Profit Selling, General and Administrative Expenses ) ) Income from Operations Other (Expense) Income Interest expense ) ) Interest income Other, net ) ) Total Other Expense, Net ) ) Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Expense ) ) Net Income Earnings Per Share Basic Common Basic Class B Diluted Common Diluted Class B Average Shares Outstanding Basic Common Basic Class B Diluted Common Diluted Class B Dividends Declared Per Share Common Stock Class B Stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands, unaudited) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss: Postretirement expenses (net of tax) ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Other Comprehensive Loss: ) ) Total Comprehensive Income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (in thousands, except for share amounts, unaudited) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended October 31 Number of Shares Common Class B Stock Treasury Stock Common Class B Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders' Equity Balance, July 31, 2023 ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) Dividends Declared ) ) Purchases of Treasury Stock ) ) ) Net issuance of stock under long-term incentive plans ) ) Amortization of Restricted Stock Balance, October 31, 2023 ) ) Balance, July 31, 2024 ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) Dividends Declared ) ) Purchases of Treasury Stock ) ) ) Net issuance of stock under long-term incentive plans ) ) Amortization of Restricted Stock Balance, October 31, 2024 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 7 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands, unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended October 31, CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 2024 2023 Net Income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash stock-based compensation Provision for bad debts and cash discounts Loss on impairment of patent applications Accretion of asset retirement obligation Loss on the disposals of property, plant and equipment (Increase) decrease in assets: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses Deferred income taxes 
 Other assets Increase (decrease) in liabilities: Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) ) Deferred compensation ) Other liabilities ) ) Total Adjustments ) ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payments on revolving credit facility ) Dividends paid ) ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Net Cash Used in Financing Activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Period Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash, End of Period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Continued 
 (in thousands, unaudited) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosures: Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash in prepaid expenses and other assets Other cash flows: Interest payments, net of amounts capitalized Income tax payments, net of refunds 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities: Change in capital expenditures in accounts payable ) ) Change in capital expenditures in accrued expenses ) Cash dividends declared and accrued 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

9 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 Notes To Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 

Property, Plant and Equipment. 
 
 10 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 

Land, Mining Property and Mineral Rights. 

Reclamation. 

Leases. 
 
 11 

Revenue Recognition. 
 
 million as of both October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024. This liability is reported in Other within Accrued Expenses on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. There was million revenue recognized during the three months ended October 31, 2024, that was included in the liability for advance payments at the beginning of the period. 
 
 We routinely commit to one-time or ongoing trade promotion programs directly with consumers, such as coupon programs, and with customers, such as volume discounts, cooperative marketing and other arrangements. We estimate and accrue the expected costs of these programs. These costs are considered variable consideration under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , and are netted against sales when revenue is recorded. The accruals are based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing obligations on products sold as of the balance sheet date. To estimate these accruals, we rely on our historical experience of trade spending patterns and that of the industry, current trends and forecasted data. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. 
 
 Other Current and Noncurrent Liabilities. million for the reclamation liability as of both October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024 and million for postretirement health benefit as of both October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements and Regulations. 
 
 12 

2. 
 on a per share basis of the cash dividend paid on Class B Stock. In computing earnings per share, the Company has allocated dividends declared to shares of Common Stock and Class B Stock based on amounts actually declared for each class of stock and more of the undistributed earnings have been allocated to shares of Common Stock than to shares of Class B Stock on a per share basis. Common Stock is entitled to vote per share and Class B Stock is entitled to votes per share. Common Stock have no conversion rights. Class B Stock is convertible by the holders thereof on a share-by-share basis into Common Stock at any time and is subject to mandatory conversion under certain circumstances. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net earnings, reduced for any distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares, by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period for each class of common stock. Diluted EPS, for each class of common stock, is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted-average number of common shares and potential common shares outstanding during the period. Dilution for Common Stock takes into consideration the effect of both unvested restricted shares and convertible shares of Class B Stock, if the effect is dilutive. Dilution for Class B Stock takes into consideration the effect of unvested restricted shares, if the effect is dilutive. 
 13 

Distributed and undistributed earnings on restricted shares ) ) ) Income available to stockholders Net Income (Numerator) Weighted Average Shares Outstanding (Denominator) Basic EPS Effect of dilution - Net Income (1) 
 Net income assuming dilution (Numerator) Effect of dilution - Shares (1) 
 Shares assuming dilution (Denominator) Diluted EPS (1) The impact of shares of unvested Common Stock and shares of unvested Class B Stock was anti-dilutive therefore not included in the calculation of diluted EPS 
 For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2023 (in thousands, except for per share data) Total Common Class B Net income Distributed and undistributed earnings on restricted shares ) ) ) Income available to stockholders Net Income (Numerator) Weighted Average Shares Outstanding (Denominator) Basic EPS Effect of dilution - Net Income (1) 
 Net income assuming dilution (Numerator) Effect of dilution - Shares (1) 
 Shares assuming dilution (Denominator) Diluted EPS (1) The impact of shares of unvested Common Stock and shares of unvested Class B Stock was anti-dilutive therefore not included in the calculation of diluted EPS 

14 

3. 
 
 Packaging Spare parts 
 Other Total Inventories 

These reserves are based upon a combination of factors including historical issues and market trends. Inventory reserves were million and million as of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively. 

4. 

Cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices in active markets. These cash instruments are primarily money market funds and are included in cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We had million in cash equivalents as of October 31, 2024 and million in cash equivalents as of July 31, 2024. 
 
 Balances of accounts receivable, short-term investments and accounts payable approximated their fair values at October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024 due to the short maturity and nature of those balances. 
 
 Debt is reported at outstanding face value, less unamortized debt issuance costs. The estimated fair value of debt, including current maturities, was million and million as of October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024, respectively. The fair value was estimated using the exit price notion of fair value and is classified as Level 2. See Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about such debt. 
 
 We apply fair value techniques on at least an annual basis associated with: (1) valuing potential impairment loss related to goodwill, trademarks and other indefinite-lived intangible assets and (2) valuing potential impairment loss related to long-lived assets. See Note 5 of the Notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about goodwill and other intangible assets. 

15 

5. 
 
 million related to the acquisition of Ultra Pet Company, Inc. ("Ultra Pet"), the components of which were million of customer list, million of trade name and million of goodwill. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 we recognized a measurement period adjustment as a result of our acquisition of Ultra Pet, which increased our goodwill by million. 
 
 We amortize customer lists and patents on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from to years. Estimated intangible amortization for fiscal year 2025 is million. Estimated intangible amortization for each of the next five fiscal years is million. 
 
 million, were determined to have an indefinite life and are not amortized. 

6. 
 
 Salaries, Wages, Commissions and Employee Benefits Taxes Freight Trade promotions and advertising Other Georgia Landfill Modification Reserve 

7. 

million resulting in a total million expense related to this matter. The modification work is expected to be completed during fiscal year 2025. Inherent uncertainties exist in these estimates primarily due to unknown conditions, changing governmental regulations and legal standards, and emerging technologies for handling site modification. Consequently, it is reasonably possible that modification costs in excess of amounts accrued could have a material impact on the Company s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

8. 
 
 we issued million in aggregate principal amount of our Series 
 16 

, of which million aggregate principal amount remained outstanding as of October 31, 2024, (ii) on , we issued an additional million in aggregate principal amount of our Series C Senior Notes due , all of which remained outstanding as of October 31, 2024, and (iii) on we issued million in aggregate principal amount of our Series D Senior Notes due , all of which remained outstanding as of October 31, 2024. The Note Agreement also provides us with the ability to request, from time to time, that Prudential affiliate(s) purchase, at Prudential s discretion and on an uncommitted basis, additional senior unsecured notes of Oil-Dri (the Shelf Notes, and collectively with the Series A Senior Notes, Series B Senior Notes, Series C Senior Notes, and Series D Senior Notes, the Notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to million minus the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding and Shelf Notes that have been accepted for purchase. Interest payable on any Shelf Note agreed to be purchased under the Note Agreement will be at a rate determined by Prudential and will mature no more than fifteen years after the date of original issue of such Shelf Note. On September 21, 2023, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Note Agreement extending the time frame for issuing and selling Shelf Notes to . 
 
 We are party to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2006 (as previously amended, the Credit Agreement ), among us, BMO Harris Bank N.A BMO ), and certain of our domestic subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement provides for a million unsecured revolving credit facility, including a maximum of million for letters of credit. 
 
 The Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants that, among other things and under various conditions, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or to dispose of assets. These restrictive covenants include certain financial covenants such as a covenant to maintain a maximum debt to earnings ratio and to maintain a certain fixed charge coverage ratio. On September 30, 2024, the Company entered into the Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Eighth Amendment ). The Eighth Amendment amends the Credit Agreement to, among other things: increase the amount the Company may borrow from BMO from time to time pursuant to its revolving line of credit from up to million to up to million and to increase the aggregate maximum amount of letters of credit from up to million to up to million; add an accordion provision to allow the Company to increase the revolving line of credit by up to an additional million, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Eighth Amendment; extend the termination date to ; and increase certain restrictive covenant thresholds, including but not limited to, an increase to the permitted acquisitions threshold in the restricted covenants from a cumulative total of million to million. 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, and July 31, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants. There were new borrowings during the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, however, on October 30, 2024 we elected to pay down million of our total borrowings under the Credit Agreement. As of October 31, 2024 we had million drawn at a interest rate. We also had million of letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement as of both October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024. 
 
 for the BMO prime-based rate or for the adjusted SOFR-based rate. 

9. 
 
 17 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows (in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are separately presented on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, excluding leases with an initial term of twelve months or less. Other supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 
 October 31, 2024 July 31, 2024 Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 
 
 Fiscal year 2026 Fiscal year 2027 Fiscal year 2028 Fiscal year 2029 Thereafter Total Less: imputed interest ) Net lease obligation 

10. 
 
 operating segments: (1) Retail and Wholesale Products Group and (2) Business to Business Products Group. These operating segments are managed separately and each segment's major customers have different characteristics. The Retail and Wholesale Products Group customers include mass merchandisers, the farm and fleet channel, drugstore chains, pet specialty retail outlets, dollar stores, retail grocery stores, distributors of industrial cleanup and automotive products, environmental service companies, sports field product users and marketers of consumer products. The Business to Business Products Group customers include: processors and refiners of edible oils, renewable diesel, petroleum-based oils and biodiesel fuel, manufacturers of animal feed and agricultural chemicals, and distributors of animal health and nutrition products. Our operating segments are also our reportable segments. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 
 
 18 

Industrial and Sports Agricultural and Horticultural Fluids Purification Animal Health Nutrition Net Sales 
 
 Retail and Wholesale Products Group Unallocated Assets Total Assets 
 
 Net sales and operating income for each segment are provided below. The corporate expenses line includes certain unallocated expenses, including primarily salaries, wages and benefits, purchased services, rent, utilities and depreciation and amortization associated with corporate functions such as information systems, finance, legal, human resources and customer service. 
 
 For the Three Months Ended October 31, Net Sales Income 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Business to Business Products Group Retail and Wholesale Products Group Net Sales Corporate Expenses ) ) Income from Operations Total Other Expenses, Net ) ) Income before Income Taxes Income Tax Expense ) ) Net Income 
 
 19 

11. 
 
 . As of October 31, 2024, there were shares of Common Stock or Class B Stock available for future grants under this plan. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 All of our non-vested restricted stock as of October 31, 2024 was issued under the 2006 Plan with vesting periods generally between one and . We determined the fair value of restricted stock as of the grant date. We recognize the related compensation expense over the period from the date of grant to the date the shares vest. 
 
 There were and restricted shares of Common Stock granted during the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There were restricted shares of Class B Stock granted during the three months ended October 31, 2024 and in the three months ended October 31, 2023. Stock-based compensation expense was million and million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeitures ) Non-vested restricted stock outstanding at October 31, 2024 

12. 
 
 ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) ) Balance as of October 31, 2024 ) 

13. 
 million and million for the first three months of fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. There were million of outstanding accounts payable due to that vendor as of both October 31, 2024 and July 31, 2024. 
 20 

million for the first three months of both fiscal years 2025 and 2024. There were outstanding amounts due from that customer as of either October 31, 2024 or July 31, 2024. 

21 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the financial statements and the related notes included herein and our Consolidated Financial Statements, accompanying notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed herein under "Forward-Looking Statements" and "Risk Factors," and those discussed under Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 We develop, mine, manufacture and market sorbent products principally produced from clay minerals, primarily consisting of calcium bentonite, attapulgite and diatomaceous shale. Our principal products include agricultural and horticultural chemical carriers, animal health and nutrition products, cat litter, fluids purification and filtration bleaching clays, industrial and automotive floor absorbents and sports field products. Our products are sold to two primary customer groups, including customers who resell our products as originally produced to the end consumer and other customers who use our products as part of their production process or use them as an ingredient in their final finished product. We have two reportable operating segments based on the different characteristics of our two primary customer groups: the Retail and Wholesale Products Group ("Retail and Wholesale" or "R W") and the Business to Business Products Group ("Business to Business" or "B2B"), as described in Note 10 of the Notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Each operating segment is discussed individually below. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

OVERVIEW 
 
 Quarterly net sales, gross profit and net income reached all-time highs in the three months ended October 31, 2024. Net sales grew across both the Retail and Wholesale Products Group and the Business to Business Products Group. Both operating segments grew due to higher volumes and favorable mix compared to the same period in fiscal year 2024. Consolidated net sales of 127.9 million increased 16.5 million, or 15 , in the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. Gross margin grew to 32 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 28 for the three months ended October 31, 2023. 
 
 Despite higher SG A and other expenses including tax, consolidated income from operations increased 8.0 million, or 61 , and net income increased 5.6 million, or 52 , for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. 
 
 Our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of October 31, 2024 and our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three months ended October 31, 2024 show an decrease in total cash and cash equivalents from fiscal year-end 2024. The decrease was driven primarily due to the use of cash in investing and financing activities which included capital expenditures, partial payment on our revolving credit facility, dividend payments and treasury stock repurchases. These were partially offset by positive cash flow from operations. Refer to the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section below for more details. 

THREE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2024 COMPARED TO 
 THREE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2023 
 
 CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 
 
 Consolidated net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2024 were 127.9 million, a 15 increase compared to net sales of 111.4 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher volumes and favorable mix in both our Business to Business and Retail and Wholesale product groups. 
 
 Consolidated gross profit in the three months ended October 31, 2024 was 40.8 million, an increase of 9.8 million, or 32 , from gross profit of 31.0 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023. Our gross margin (defined as gross profit as a percentage of net sales) in the three months ended October 31, 2024 increased to 32 from 28 in the three months ended 
 22 

October 31, 2023. This gross margin expansion was mainly driven by volume growth, which led to improved fixed cost coverage, and favorable product mix. Additionally, we realized production efficiencies at various manufacturing plants which resulted in stronger gross margins for several of our products. While some per ton costs such as transportation have increased, overall cost pressures have lessened and have been mitigated by the positive impact of volume and mix. This resulted in overall per ton cost of goods sold, for the three months ended October 31, 2024, to remain flat when compared to the same period last year. 
 
 Total SG A expenses of 19.6 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 were higher by 1.8 million, or 10 , compared to 17.8 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023. Corporate unallocated expenses remained flat year over year as the increase was driven by segments' SG A. The discussion of the segments' operating incomes below describes the changes in SG A expenses that were allocated to the operating segments. 
 
 Total other expenses, net were 1.0 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 0.3 million in the same period of fiscal year 2024. The increase was mainly due to higher interest expenses an increase in the estimated landfill modification cost. Refer to Note 7 of the Notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details regarding the landfill modification accrual. 
 
 Consolidated net income before taxes for the three months ended October 31, 2024 was 20.2 million compared to 12.8 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023. Results for the three months ended October 31, 2024 were driven by the factors discussed above. 
 
 We had tax expense of 3.8 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 2.1 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023. Our tax expense was driven primarily by higher net income. We used an estimated annual effective tax rate ("ETR") of 19 in determining our provision for income taxes, which is based on expected annual taxable income and the assessment of various tax adjustments, including depletion and discrete items. 
 
 Consolidated quarterly net income reached a record 16.4 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024, an increase of 5.6 million or 52 , from 10.7 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023. 
 
 BUSINESS TO BUSINESS PRODUCTS GROUP 
 
 Net sales of the Business to Business Products Group for the three months ended October 31, 2024 were 48.4 million, an increase of 9.3 million, or 24 , from net sales of 39.2 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023, driven by sales of our fluids purification and agricultural products. Net sales of our fluids purification products increased 8.2 million, or 37 , in the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by new and growing demand in the renewable diesel business and, to a lesser extent, higher prices. Net sales increased in all regions except for our subsidiary in the U.K. which is further discussed below. Net sales of our agricultural and horticultural chemical carrier products increased 1.3 million, or 12 , for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023 as a result of stronger demand and, to a lesser extent, higher prices. The volume growth was primarily due to key customers who resumed purchasing after working through inventory surpluses. Net sales of our animal health nutrition products decreased 0.2 million, or 3 , during the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to three months ended October 31, 2023. The decrease was driven by the Asia region (including China) and our subsidiary in Mexico, partially offset by higher sales in North America and Latin America. Net sales in Asia were down due to the sell off of existing inventory that occurred in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 as we transitioned to a master distributor in China. Net sales in Latin America grew due to higher demand of exiting and new customers specifically in Brazil while net sales in North America grew due to higher prices and, to a lesser extent, growth in demand. 
 
 SG A expenses for the Business to Business Products Group increased by 0.7 million, or 20 , for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. The increase was mainly driven by a preliminary foreign value-added tax ("VAT") assessment and higher research and development costs. 
 
 The Business to Business Products Group s operating income for the three months ended October 31, 2024 was 17.1 million, an increase of 6.0 million, or 54 , from operating income of 11.1 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023. The increase in operating income was mostly driven by higher sales in our fluids purification and agricultural products. 
 
 23 

RETAIL AND WHOLESALE PRODUCTS GROUP 
 
 Net sales of the Retail and Wholesale Products Group for the three months ended October 31, 2024 were 79.5 million, an increase of 7.3 million, or 10 , from net sales of 72.3 million for the three months ended October 31, 2023. This increase was mainly driven by sales of our new crystal cat litter products and stronger demand for our co-packaged cat litter and industrial products. Total global cat litter net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2024 increased 6.8 million, or 11 , compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023, driven primarily by sales of our new crystal cat litter products and higher demand in our co-packaged business partially offset by a decrease in our clay based cat litter sales. Net sales of co-packaged cat litter increased 2.1 million, or 78 , compared to the three months ended October 31, 2024 due to higher demand. In the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, a cyber-attack disrupted a key customer s ability to place and receive orders, which negatively impacted sales of Oil-Dri s co-packaged coarse litter. However, the cyber event boosted sales of the Oil-Dri s branded and private label coarse items, and is currently influencing year-over-year comparisons for both domestic clay and co-packaged litter products. Although total domestic clay litter revenues declined, Oil-Dri continued to experience topline growth of its EPA-approved Cat s Pride Antibacterial Clumping Litter which is currently sold at large brick and mortar and e-commerce retailers. In addition, new distribution of other clay products and accessories was achieved at new and existing customers. Net sales of cat litter by our subsidiary in Canada decreased slightly period over period, as discussed in "Foreign Operations" below. Net sales of our global industrial and sports products increased 0.4 million, or 4 , compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023, primarily driven by increased demand of our clay-based floor absorbent products by new and existing customers. 
 
 SG A expenses for the Retail and Wholesale Products Group were 1.0 million, or 21 , higher during the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023, primarily due to higher compensation related costs, a credit reserve for several customer bankruptcies, amortization of the customer list acquired with Ultra Pet and higher research and development costs. These higher expenses were partially offset by lower advertising expense in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. We anticipate total advertising expense in fiscal year 2025 to be lower than fiscal year 2024. 
 
 The Retail and Wholesale Products Group's operating income for the three months ended October 31, 2024 was 13.4 million, an increase of 2.1 million, or 18 , from operating income of 11.3 million for three months ended October 31, 2023. This was driven primarily by higher volumes including new crystal cat litter sales, partially offset by elevated SG A expenses, as discussed above. 
 
 FOREIGN OPERATIONS 
 
 Foreign operations include our subsidiaries in Canada and Netherlands, which are reported in the Retail and Wholesale Products Group, and our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom ("UK"), Mexico, China and Indonesia, which are reported in the Business to Business Products Group. Net sales by our foreign subsidiaries for the three months ended October 31, 2024 were 5.1 million, a decrease of 27 , compared to net sales of 7.0 million during the three months ended October 31, 2023. The decrease was driven mainly by our subsidiary in China and, to a lesser extent, all other subsidiaries. Net sales of our subsidiary in China decreased 1.7 million, or 100 , in the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the same period of fiscal year 2024 due to a sell-off of all existing inventory to a new master distributor, which occurred in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. Sales to China are now directly through the Company and not through our subsidiary in China. Total net sales of our subsidiary in Canada decreased 0.1 million, or 2 , in the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023, driven by softer sales volumes of cat litter partially offset by higher net sales of floor absorbents due to higher prices. Net sales of our subsidiaries in the UK and Mexico decreased slightly in the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2023. Net sales by our foreign subsidiaries represented 4 and 6 of our consolidated net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Our foreign subsidiaries reported net loss of 0.2 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024, compared to net income of 0.6 million in the three months ended October 31, 2023. The decrease in net income was primarily driven by the decrease in China sales as well as the preliminary foreign VAT assessment recognized in the quarter. 
 
 Identifiable assets of our foreign subsidiaries as of October 31, 2024, were 9.2 million, compared to 8.7 million as of July 31, 2024. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our principal liquidity needs are to fund our capital requirements, including funding working capital needs; purchasing and upgrading equipment, facilities, information systems, and real estate; supporting new product development; investing in 
 24 

infrastructure; repurchasing stock; paying dividends; and, from time to time, business acquisitions, and funding our debt service requirements. During the three months ended October 31, 2024, we principally funded these short and long-term capital requirements using cash from current operations as well as cash generated from previous borrowings under our Series B, C and D Senior Notes and Credit Agreement. On September 30, 2024 we amended the Credit Agreement to, among other things, increase our line of credit from 45 million to 75 million in order to gain extra flexibility in our cash position. See Note 8 of the Notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information relating to our existing borrowings. 
 
 We currently anticipate cash flows from operations and our available sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements. In addition, we are actively monitoring the timing and collection of our accounts receivable. 
 The following table sets forth certain elements of our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands): 
 For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 10,919 8,564 Net cash used in investing activities (12,817) (8,064) Net cash used in financing activities 
 (9,080) (2,799) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 3 124 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (10,975) (2,175) 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 In addition to net income, as adjusted for depreciation and amortization and other non-cash operating activities, the primary sources and uses of operating cash flows for the three months ended October 31, 2024 were as follows: 
 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowances increased by 9.0 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The increase in accounts receivable was driven primarily by higher net sales, offset by the level and timing of collections due to payment terms. 
 
 Inventory increased by 2.0 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024 due to the building of finished goods inventory to meet anticipated demand. 
 
 Prepaid expenses decreased by 2.2 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease is mainly due to the timing of tax and insurance payments. 
 
 Excluding the impact of payments related to capital expenditures, accounts payable increased by 1.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The increase was mainly due to the timing of payments, cost of goods and services we purchase, production volume levels and vendor payment terms. In the three months ended October 31, 2024 there was a 3.0 million decrease in accounts payable related to capital expenditures recognized as cash used in investing activities 
 
 Excluding the impact of payments made related to capital expenditures, accrued expenses decreased 6.1 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024. The decrease was mainly due to the payout of annual bonuses and taxes, and other miscellaneous expenses which fluctuate due to timing of payments, changes in the cost of goods and services we purchase, production volume levels and vendor payment terms including freight. In the three months ended October 31, 2024 there was a 4.5 million decrease in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures recognized as cash used in investing activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities of 12.8 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024 was driven by capital expenditures. During the three months ended October 31, 2024 we continued to expand our plant equipment and improve our facilities to support increased demand for our products. 
 
 25 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 Cash used in financing activities of 9.1 million in the three months ended October 31, 2024 was primarily driven by a 5 million payment of our borrowing under the Credit Agreement, as well as cash used for dividend payments and treasury stock repurchases. 
 
 Other 
 
 Total cash balances held by our foreign subsidiaries of 4.7 million as of October 31, 2024 decreased compared to 4.5 million as of July 31, 2024. See further discussion in "Foreign Operations" above. 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, we had remaining authority to repurchase 368,902 shares of Common Stock and 244,113 shares of Class B Stock under a repurchase plan approved by our Board. Repurchases may be made on the open market (pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans or otherwise) or in negotiated transactions. The timing, number and manner of share repurchases will be determined by our management pursuant to the repurchase plan approved by our Board. 
 
 We believe that cash flow from operations, availability under our Note Agreement and revolving credit facility under our Credit Agreement, current cash balances and our ability to obtain other financing, if necessary, will provide sufficient liquidity for foreseeable working capital needs, capital expenditures at existing facilities, deferred compensation payouts, dividend payments and debt service obligations for at least the next 12 months. 
 
 We continually evaluate our liquidity position and anticipated cash needs, as well as the financing options available to obtain additional cash reserves. Our ability to fund operations, to make planned capital expenditures, to make scheduled debt payments and to remain in compliance with all financial covenants under debt agreements, including, but not limited to, the Credit Agreement, depends on our future operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors. The timing and size of any new business ventures or acquisitions that we complete may also impact our cash requirements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 This discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and in compliance with instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions related to the reporting of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. In preparing these financial statements, we have made our best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements. Estimates and assumptions are revised periodically. Actual results could differ from these estimates. See the information concerning our critical accounting policies included under "Management s Discussion of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include changes in commodity prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and duties and tariffs, along with the impact of inflation. We do not engage in financial transactions for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Commodity Prices Risk. We are primarily exposed to fluctuations in market prices with respect to the commodities necessary for producing, packaging, and shipping our products, and in particular with respect to fuel. Factors that could influence the cost of natural gas used in the kilns to dry our clay include the creditworthiness of our natural gas suppliers, the overall general economy, developments in world events, general supply and demand for natural gas, seasonality and the weather patterns throughout the United States and the world. We monitor fuel market trends and, consistent with our past practice, we may contract for a portion of our anticipated fuel needs using forward purchase contracts to mitigate the volatility of our kiln fuel prices. During fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we purchased several forward fuel contracts in Georgia and California which will cover a portion of our needs through fiscal year 2026. These contracts totaled approximately 4.3 million in fiscal year 2024, and a 10 change in the market price for fuel would have resulted in an additional pretax gain or loss of approximately 0.4 million as the related inventory containing those inputs was sold. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk. The interest payable on amounts borrowed pursuant to our Credit Agreement is based on variable interest rates and is therefore affected by changes in interest rates. In addition, we have investments consisting of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments which are also affected by changes in interest rates. Based on our current and expected levels of 
 26 

borrowing and investing, we do not expect changes in interest rates to have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk. We are exposed to foreign currency risk, primarily the U.S. dollar relative to the local currency in the foreign markets we do business in. This risk is related to our foreign subsidiaries' financial results, to certain accounts receivable and to our ability to sell in foreign markets. We are subject to the impact of currency fluctuation upon translation of our foreign subsidiaries financial statements from local currencies to U.S. dollars. In recent years, our foreign subsidiaries have not generated a substantial portion of our consolidated net sales or net income. In addition, the portion of our consolidated accounts receivable denominated in foreign currencies has not been significant. Finally, foreign net sales of our products may be influenced by the relative strength of the U.S. dollar compared to various other currencies, which makes our products relatively more or less expensive than our foreign competitors' products in local marketplaces. We do not enter into any hedge contracts to offset any adverse effect of changes in currency exchange rates. Foreign currency fluctuations did not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position during any of the fiscal periods presented, and we do not expect changes in foreign currency rates to have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 
 Duties and Tariffs Market Risk. We are exposed to market risk with respect to duties and tariffs assessed on raw materials, component parts, and finished goods we import. Additionally, we are exposed to duties and tariffs on our finished goods that we export from our manufacturing plants. As these tariffs and duties increase, we determine whether a price increase to our customers to offset these costs is warranted. To the extent that an increase in these costs would have a material impact on our results of operations, we believe that our competitors would experience a similar impact. 
 
 Inflation Risk . Our results of operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost. While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflationary pressure, we believe any inflationary impact on our product and operating costs would be offset by our ability to increase selling prices, create operational efficiencies and seek lower cost alternatives. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The controls evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"). Based upon the controls evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 27 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management, including the CEO and CFO, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Items 1, 3, and 5 of this Part II are either inapplicable or are answered in the negative and are omitted pursuant to the instructions to Part II of Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. There have been no material changes to our risk factors since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 
 
 28 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2024, we did not sell any securities which were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The following table summarizes our Common Stock purchases by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act) during this period. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 1, 2 
 (a) (b) (c) (d) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased 3 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under Plans or Programs 4 
 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 379,925 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 379,925 October 1, 2024 to October 31, 2024 11,023 68.45 368,902 Class B Stock August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 262,092 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 262,092 October 1, 2024 to October 31, 2024 17,979 68.43 244,113 
 
 1 The table summarizes repurchases of (and remaining authority to repurchase) shares of our Common Stock and Class B Stock. No shares of our Class A Common Stock are currently outstanding. Descriptions of our Common Stock, Class B Stock and Class A Common Stock are contained in Exhibit 4.1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. 
 
 2 The figures in the table reflect transactions according to the settlement dates. For purposes of our unaudited Condensed Consolidated F inancial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the impact of repurchases are recorded according to the settlement dates. 
 
 3 All purchased shares were surrendered by employees to pay taxes related to restricted stock awards. 
 
 4 Our Board authorized the repurchase of 750,000 shares of Common Stock on March 11, 2019. This authorization does not have a stated expiration date. The share numbers in this column indicate the number of shares of Common Stock that may yet be repurchased under this authorization. Repurchases may be made on the open market (pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 plans or otherwise) or in negotiated transactions. The timing, number and manner of share repurchases will be determined by management. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Our mining operations are subject to regulation by the Mine Safety and Health Administration under authority of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended. Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K are included in Exhibit 95 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

29 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description SEC Document Reference 10.1 Eigh th A mendment to Credit Agreement, dated September 30 , 2024, by and between Oil-Dri Corporation of America and BMO Bank N.A. (formerly known as BMO Harris Bank N.A.) . 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Oil-Dri Corporation of America s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2024 31 Certifications pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Filed herewith. 32 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Furnished herewith. 95 Mine Safety Disclosures . 
 Filed herewith. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document Filed herewith. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 Note: Stockholders may receive copies of the above listed exhibits, without fee, by written request to Investor Relations, Oil-Dri Corporation of America, 410 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 400, Chicago, Illinois 60611-4213, by telephone at (312) 321-1515 or by e-mail to info@oildri.com. 
 
 30 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

OIL-DRI CORPORATION OF AMERICA 
 (Registrant) 

BY /s/ Daniel S. Jaffee 
 Daniel S. Jaffee 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

BY /s/ Susan M. Kreh 
 Susan M. Kreh 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: December 9, 2024 
 31 

<EX-31>
 2
 odcex3110312024.htm
 EX-31

Document 

Exhibit 31 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I. I, Daniel S. Jaffee, certify that 
 a. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the registrant 
 b. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 c. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 d. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 i. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 ii. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 iii. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 iv. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 e. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 i. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 ii. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 9, 2024 By s Daniel S. Jaffee Daniel S. Jaffee Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 1 

Exhibit 31 (continued) 

 Certification of a Principal Financial Officer 
 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I. I, Susan M. Kreh, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 9, 2024 By s Susan M. Kreh Susan M. Kreh Chief Financial Officer 

2 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 odcex3210312024.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 CERTIFICATION 
 
 Certification 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the Company hereby certifies that to the best of my knowledge the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 Dated December 9, 2024 s Daniel S. Jaffee Name Daniel S. Jaffee Title Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

Certification 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Oil-Dri Corporation of America (the Company hereby certifies that to the best of my knowledge the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 Dated December 9, 2024 s Susan M. Kreh Name Susan M. Kreh Title Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 
 1 

</EX-32>

<EX-95>
 4
 odcex9510312024.htm
 EX-95

Document 

Exhibit 95 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Under section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K, each operator of a coal or other mine is required to include certain mine safety information in its periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The table below includes this mine safety information for each mine facility owned and operated by Oil-Dri Corporation of America, or its subsidiaries, for the quarter ended October 31, 2024. Due to timing and other factors, our data may not agree with the mine data retrieval system maintained by the Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA ). The columns in the table represent the total number of, and the proposed dollar assessment for, violations, citations and orders issued by MSHA during the period upon periodic inspection of our mine facilities in accordance with the referenced sections of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended (the Mine Act ), described as follows 
 
 Section 104 Significant and Substantial Violations Total number of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard. 
 
 Section 104(b) Orders Total number of orders issued due to a failure to totally abate, within the time period prescribed by MSHA, a violation previously cited under section 104, which results in the issuance of an order requiring the mine operator to immediately withdraw all persons from the mine. 
 
 Section 104(d) Citations and Orders Total number of citations and orders issued for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health and safety standards. The violation could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a safety and health hazard, but the conditions do not cause imminent danger. 
 
 Section 110(b)(2) Flagrant Violations Total number of flagrant violations defined as a reckless or repeated failure to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory health or safety standard that substantially and proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury. 
 
 Section 107(a) Imminent Danger Orders Total number of orders issued when an imminent danger is identified which requires all persons to be withdrawn from area(s) in the mine until the imminent danger and the conditions that caused it cease to exist. 
 
 Total Dollar Value of Proposed MSHA Assessments Each issuance of a citation or order by MSHA results in the assessment of a monetary penalty. The total dollar value presented includes any contested penalties. 
 
 Legal Actions Pending, Initiated or Resolved Total number of cases pending legal action before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (the Commission as of the last day of the reporting period or the number of such cases initiated or resolved during the reporting period. 
 Legal Actions Mine ID Mine Location Section 104 Significant and Substantial Violations Section 104(b) Orders Section 104(d) Citations and Orders Section 110(b)(2) Flagrant Violations Section 107(a) Imminent Danger Orders Total Dollar Value of Proposed MSHA Assessments Mining Related Fatalities Pending as of Last Day of Period Initiated During Period Resolved During Period (#) (#) (#) (#) (#) ) (#) (#) (#) (#) 0900114 Ochlocknee, Georgia 1,332 2200035 Ripley, Mississippi 5,844 1102403 Mounds, Illinois 147 2200582 Blue Mountain, Mississippi 1 3,802 0402964 Taft, California 5 34,160 

1 

During this period we received no written notices from MSHA under section 104(e) of the Mine Act of (i) a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards or (ii) the potential to have such a pattern. 
 
 Legal actions pending before the Commission may involve, among other questions, challenges by operators to citations, orders and penalties they have received from MSHA or complaints of discrimination by miners under section 105 of the Mine Act. The following is a brief description of the types of legal actions that may be brought before the Commission. 
 
 Contests of Citations and Orders A contest proceeding may be filed with the Commission by operators, miners or miners representatives to challenge the issuance of a citation or order issued by MSHA. 
 
 Contests of Proposed Penalties (Petitions for Assessment of Penalties) A contest of a proposed penalty is an administrative proceeding before the Commission challenging a civil penalty that MSHA has proposed for the alleged violation contained in a citation or order. The validity of the citation may also be challenged in this proceeding as well. 
 
 Complaints for Compensation A complaint for compensation may be filed with the Commission by miners entitled to compensation when a mine is closed by certain withdrawal orders issued by MSHA. The purpose of the proceeding is to determine the amount of compensation, if any, due miners idled by the orders. 
 
 Complaints of Discharge, Discrimination or Interference A discrimination proceeding is a case that involves a miner s allegation that he or she has suffered a wrong by the operator because he or she engaged in some type of activity protected under the Mine Act, such as making a safety complaint. 
 
 Applications for Temporary Relief An application for temporary relief from any modification or termination of any order or from any order issued under section 104 of the Mine Act. 
 
 Appeals of Judges Decisions or Orders to the Commission A filing with the Commission of a petition for discretionary review of a Judge s decision or order by a person who has been adversely affected or aggrieved by such decision or order. 
 
 Mine ID Mine location Contests of Citations and Orders Contests of Proposed Penalties Complaints for Compensation Complaints of Discharge, Discrimination or Interference Applications for Temporary Relief Appeals of Judges Decisions or Orders to the Commission 0900114 Ochlocknee, Georgia 2200035 Ripley, Mississippi 1102403 Mounds, Illinois 2200582 Blue Mountain, Mississippi 0402964 Taft, California 
 2 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 odc-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 odc-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 odc-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 odc-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 odc-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

