<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1103795_0001683168-24-008065.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3725588</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91602</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>805660</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>791200</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>930891</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1032520</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-008065.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114130630
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-008065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QS Energy, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001103795
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				522088326
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29185
		FILM NUMBER:		241459703

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23902 FM 2978
		CITY:			TOMBALL
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77375
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-300-7647

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		23902 FM 2978
		CITY:			TOMBALL
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77375

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SAVE THE WORLD AIR INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-008065.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 qsenergy_i10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR SEPT 2024

QS ENERGY, INC. 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to
__________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 (Address, including zip code, of principal executive
offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 N/A 

Check whether the Registrant (1) filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The number of shares of the Registrant s Common Stock outstanding
as of November 8, 2024 was . 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include predictions and statements regarding our future: 

revenues and profits; 

customers; 

research and development expenses and efforts; 

scientific and other third-party test results; 

sales and marketing expenses and efforts; 

liquidity and sufficiency of existing cash; 

technology and products; and 

the effect of recent accounting pronouncements on our financial condition and results of operations. 

You can identify these and
other forward-looking statements by the use of words such as may, will, expects, anticipates, 
 believes, estimates, intends, project, potential, forecast 
 continues, strategies, or the negative of such terms, or other comparable terminology, and also include statements
concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies and future events or performance. 

Our actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth below
under the heading Risk Factors. We cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish our expectations, beliefs or projections.
All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof. We assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements. 

2 

QS ENERGY, INC. 
FORM 10-Q 

INDEX 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 4 
 
 Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, Unaudited 
 5 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit, Unaudited 
 6 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Unaudited 
 8 
 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Unaudited 
 9 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 29 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 30 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 31 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 31 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 31 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 31 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 33 

3 

PART
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets 

September 30, 2024 
 (unaudited) 

December 31, 
 2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable-license agreements - past due 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Convertible notes payable, net of discounts of and , respectively; includes and , respectively, in default 

PPP loan payable 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders deficit 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total stockholders deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations, Unaudited 

Three months ended 
 
 Nine months ended 

September 30, 
 
 September 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 

Costs and Expenses 

Operating
 expenses (including 
 in compensation to related party in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024) 

Research and development expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net Loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit, Unaudited 

 For
the three and NINE months Ended September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, July 1, 2024 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock issued upon conversion of convertible
 notes 

Warrants issued with convertible notes 

Common stock issued for settlement of accounts payable 

Fair value of warrants issued as compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2024 

() 

() 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2024 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock issued upon conversion of convertible notes 

Warrants issued with convertible notes 

Common stock issued for settlement of accounts payable 

Fair value of warrants issued as compensation 

Fair value of common stock issued for services 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2024 

() 

() 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Deficit, Unaudited 

 For
the THREE and NINE months Ended September 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, July 1, 2023 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock issued on conversion of convertible notes 

Warrants issued with convertible notes 

Common stock issued upon exercise of warrants 

Fair value of options and warrants issued as compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Common Stock 
 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2023 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock issued on conversion of convertible notes 

Warrants issued with convertible notes 

Common stock issued upon exercise of warrants 

Fair value of options and warrants issued as compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance, September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

 Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Unaudited 

Nine months ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Fair value of options and warrants issued as compensation 

Fair value of common stock issued as compensation 

Fair value of common stock for services 

Amortization of debt discount 

Accrued interest expense 

Depreciation 

Gain on partial forgiveness of PPP note payable 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Lease right of use asset 

Accounts payable license agreements 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Net proceeds from issuance of convertible notes and warrants 

Net proceeds from issuance of warrants and options 

Principal payment on PPP loan payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income Taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest to common stock 

Value of warrants issued with convertible notes 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

QS ENERGY, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, Unaudited 

 THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 2023 

 , used cash in operations of and had a stockholders 
deficit of as of that date. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, 43 notes payable with an aggregate balance of 
and certain obligations to a former officer are past due. Based on the foregoing, management has concluded that there is substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements
are being issued. In addition, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, in its report on the Company's December 31,
2023 financial statements, has raised substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of the
Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to raise additional funds and implement its business
plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going
concern. 

At September 30, 2024, the
Company had cash on hand in the amount of . Management estimates that the current funds on hand will be sufficient to continue
operations through December 2024. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of debt and equity
securities for cash to operate our business, including without limitation the expenses it will incur in connection with the license agreements
with Temple; costs associated with product development and commercialization of the AOT technologies; costs to manufacture and ship the
products; costs to design and implement an effective system of internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures; costs of maintaining
our status as a public company, including, without limitation, legal and accounting fees and costs associated therewith, by filing periodic
reports with the SEC and fees and costs required to protect our intellectual property. In addition, as discussed below, the Company has
substantial contractual commitments, including without limitation salaries to our executive officers pursuant to employment agreements,
certain payments to a former officer and consulting fees, during the remainder of 2024 and beyond. 

No assurance can be given
that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the
Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing or
cause substantial dilution for our stockholders in case of equity financing. 

Warrants 

Common stock issuable upon conversion of notes payable 

Total 

and , respectively. For the three-month periods
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 research and development costs were and , respectively. 

and , respectively,
which is included as part of operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

and , respectively, pursuant to a separation agreement with a former executive officer effective April
1, 2017 as amended by letter agreements dated effective August 16, 2018 and March 31, 2019, (the Letter Agreements which
have been included as part of accounts payable and accrued expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet. The payments
are to be made at 10,000 per month. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company made payments. 

Accrued interest 

Subtotal, including and in default at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Convertible note discount 

Balance on convertible notes, net of note discounts 

Convertible notes 

As of December 31, 2023, total
outstanding notes payable totaled . During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued convertible promissory
notes in the aggregate of for cash proceeds of , net of original issue discount OID of . The notes
are unsecured, with an 10 OID, mature in twelve months from issuance, and are convertible into 25,763,218 shares of the Company s
common stock at 0.03 to 0.05 per share. 

In addition, the Company granted
the note holders warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock with a relative value of . The warrants
are fully vested, and expire one year from the date of issuance. The Company determined the fair value of the warrants by using a Black-Scholes
option pricing model, with the following assumptions: expected term of 1.0 year, stock price of 0.03 to 0.08, exercise price of 0.04
to 0.07, volatility of 156 to 174 , risk-free rate of 3.98 to 5.09 , and no forfeiture rate. 

Also, during the period ended
September 30, 2024, convertible notes of , net of unamortized discount of , were converted into shares of common
stock. At September 30, 2024, total outstanding convertible notes payable totaled . As of September 30, 2024, a total of 43 convertible notes and accrued interest in the aggregate of have
reached maturity and are past due. 

Accrued interest 

At December 31, 2023, accrued
interest on convertible notes payable totaled . During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, accrued interest of 
was recorded. At September 30, 2024, accrued interest on convertible notes payable totaled . 

Debt discount 

At December 31, 2023, the
unamortized debt discount was . During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, debt discount of was recorded for
the relative fair value of warrants of and OID of , debt discount amortization of was recorded, and of
debt discount was removed and included in the carrying amount of related convertible notes payable that were converted into shares of
common stock. At September 30, 2024, the unamortized debt discount was . 

from Cadence Bank, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the CARES Act. The PPP loan is dated June 18, 2020, matures on June 18, 2025, bears interest at a rate of per annum, and is unsecured
and guaranteed by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). Funds from the PPP loan may only be used for qualifying
expenses, including qualifying payroll costs, qualifying group health care benefits, qualifying rent and debt obligations, and qualifying
utilities. Management believes the entire loan amount has been used for qualifying expenses and all of the conditions outlined in the
PPP loan program were adhered to by the Company. The PPP loan provides for customary events of default including, among other things,
payment defaults, breach of representations and warranties, and insolvency events. The Company was in compliance with the terms of the
PPP loan as of September 30, 2024. Under the terms of the PPP, certain amounts of the loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying
expenses. During 2022, the Company received notice that a total of of the PPP loan was forgiven. In addition, during 2022, the
Company made principal payments on the PPP loan of , and at December 31, 2023, the balance of the PPP loan was . During
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company made principal payments on the PPP loan of , and at September 30, 2024,
the balance of the PPP loan was . 

and , respectively. For the three-month periods
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 research and development costs were and , respectively. 

AOT Prototypes 

During the periods ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred total expenses of and , respectively, in the manufacture and testing of the AOT prototype
equipment. These expenses have been reflected as part of Research and Development expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated
statements of operations. 

Temple University Licensing Agreements 

On August 1, 2011, the Company
and Temple University Temple entered into two (2) Exclusive License Agreements (collectively, the License Agreements relating to Temple s patent applications, patents and technical information pertaining to technology associated with an electric
and/or magnetic field assisted fuel injector system (the First Temple License ), and to technology to reduce crude oil viscosity
(the Second Temple License ). The License Agreements are exclusive, and the territory licensed to the Company is worldwide
and replace previously issued License Agreements. 

Pursuant to the two licensing
agreements, the Company paid Temple a non-refundable license maintenance fee of 300,000 and agreed to pay (i) annual maintenance fees
of 187,500; (ii) royalty fee ranging from 4 up to 7 from revenues generated from the licensing agreements; and (iii) 25 of all revenues
generated from sub-licensees to secure or maintain the sub-license or option thereon. The term of the licenses commenced in August 2011
and will expire upon expiration of the patents. The agreements can also be terminated by either party upon notification under terms of
the licensing agreements or if the Company ceases the development of the patent or fails to commercialize the patent rights. 

Total expenses recognized
during each nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 pursuant to these two License Agreements amounted to and has
been reflected in Research and Development expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. In the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company also recognized penalty interest on past-due balances of and , respectively,
which is included as part of interest and financing expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, total unpaid fees due to Temple pursuant to these agreements are and , respectively, which are
included as part of Accounts Payable license agreements in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company is currently in discussions
with Temple to settle or cure the past due balance. 

revenues were earned from
the two License Agreements during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

shares of its common stock as follows: 

The Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of in convertible notes at to per share, net of unamortized discount of . 

The Company issued shares
 of its common stock valued at to
 per
 share for the settlement of accounts payable of . 

The Company issued shares of its common stock for services with a fair value of valued at per share. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

September 30, 2024 

The weighted average exercise
prices, remaining contractual lives for options granted, exercisable, and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 were as follows: 

0.25 - 0.49 

0.50 - 0.99 

During the nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized compensation costs based on the fair value of options that vested of and
 respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the market price of the Company s stock was per share. At September 30, 2024, the aggregate intrinsic value of the options
outstanding at September 30, 2024 was . 

Warrants 

The following table summarizes
certain information about the Company s stock purchase warrants activity for the period starting January 1, 2024 up to September
30, 2024. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

September 30, 2024 

The weighted average exercise
prices, remaining contractual lives for warrants granted, exercisable, and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 were as follows: 

0.50 - 1.00 

In the nine-month period ending
September 30, 2024, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock in exchange for services. The warrants are
exercisable at a price range of to , vesting up to one month from the date of grant, and expiring one to two years from the
date of grant. Total fair value of these warrants at grant date was using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model with the following
assumptions: life of one to two years; risk free interest rate of to ; volatility of to and dividend yield of .
During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized compensation costs based on the fair value of warrants that
vested of . 

At September 30, 2024, the
Company s common stock was per share. At September 30, 2024, the aggregate intrinsic value of warrants outstanding was . 

In the nine-month period ending
September 30, 2023, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock in exchange for services. The warrants are
exercisable at a price range of to , vesting up to one month from the date of grant, and expiring one to two years from the
date of grant. Total fair value of these warrants at grant date was using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model with the following
assumptions: life of to years; risk free interest rate of to ; volatility of to and dividend yield of . During
the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized compensation costs based on the fair value of warrants that vested
of . 

of compensation to its Chief Executive Officer, who also serves as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 
such compensation was paid in 2023. 

17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements
and supplementary data referred to in this Form 10-Q. 

This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements, which include statements concerning future revenue sources and concentration,
selling, general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses, capital resources, additional financings and additional
losses, are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, and in the
 Risk Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Unless otherwise expressly indicated,
the information set forth in this Form 10-Q is as of September 30, 2024, and we undertake no duty to update this information. 

Overview 

QS Energy, Inc. QS
Energy or Company or we or us or our develops and seeks to commercialize
energy efficiency technologies that assist in meeting increasing global energy demands, improving the economics of oil transport, and
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The Company's intellectual properties include a portfolio of domestic and international patents, a
substantial portion of which have been developed in conjunction with and exclusively licensed by us from Temple University of Philadelphia,
PA Temple ). QS Energy's primary technology (and for now only technology) is called Applied Oil Technology (AOT), a commercial-grade
crude oil pipeline transportation flow-assurance product. Engineered specifically to reduce pipeline pressure loss, increase pipeline
flow rate and capacity, and reduce shippers reliance on diluents and drag reducing agents to meet pipeline maximum viscosity requirements,
AOT is a 100 solid-state system that in lab and other tests has shown to reduce crude oil viscosity by applying a high intensity electrical
field to crude oil while in transit. AOT technology has shown to deliver reductions in crude oil viscosity and pipeline pressure loss
as demonstrated in independent third-party tests performed by the U.S. Department of Energy, the PetroChina Pipeline R D Center, and
ATS RheoSystems, a division of CANNON , at full-scale test facilities in the U.S. and China, and under commercial operating conditions
on one of North America s largest high-volume crude oil pipelines. Prior testing on a commercial crude oil condensate pipeline demonstrated
high correlation between laboratory analysis and full-scale AOT operations under commercial operating conditions with onsite measurements
and data collected by the pipeline operator on its supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA system. The AOT product
is still in development and testing and has transitioned from laboratory testing to initial demonstration and continued testing in advance
of our goal of seeking commercial acceptance and adoption by the upstream and midstream pipeline marketplace. Such commercial acceptance
and adoption have not been achieved. We continue to devote the bulk of our efforts to the promotion, design, testing and the commercial
manufacturing and test operations of our crude oil pipeline products in the upstream and midstream energy sector. Our efforts in the foregoing
regard have been substantially hampered by our lack of capital. We should be able to continue our efforts to commercialize our AOT product
during 2024 only if we are able to raise sufficient capital to do so. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to raise the capital
we need to continue our efforts in 2024, or that any such capital will be available to us on acceptable terms and conditions. 

Our Company was incorporated
on February 18, 1998, as a Nevada Corporation under the name Mandalay Capital Corporation. The Company changed its name to Save the World
Air, Inc. on February 11, 1999. Effective August 11, 2015, the Company changed its name to QS Energy, Inc. The name change was affected
through a short-form merger pursuant to Section 92A.180 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Additionally, QS Energy Pool, Inc., a California
corporation, was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company on July 6, 2015 to serve as a vehicle for the Company to explore,
review and consider acquisition opportunities. To date, QS Energy Pool has not entered into any acquisition transaction. However, the
Company will still consider entering into potential beneficial acquisitions. The Company is considering dissolving QS Energy Pool to reduce
costs associated with operating this subsidiary. The Company s common stock is quoted under the symbol QSEP on the
Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (Pink Sheets). 

More information including
the Company s updates, fact sheet, logos and media articles are available at our corporate website, www.qsenergy.com. 

18 

A history of important events
associated with our efforts to develop and commercialize our AOT technology is as follows: Since 2011, the Company transitioned from prototype
testing of its AOT technology at the U.S. Department of Energy Rocky Mountain Oilfield Testing Center, Midwest, Wyoming RMOTC ),
to the design and production of full-scale commercial prototype units. The Company worked in a collaborative engineering environment with
multiple energy industry companies to refine the AOT Midstream commercial design to comply with the stringent standards and qualification
processes as dictated by independent engineering audit groups and North American industry regulatory bodies. In May 2013, the Company s
first commercial prototype unit known as AOT Midstream, was completed. 

In 2013, the Company entered
into an Equipment Lease/Option to Purchase Agreement TransCanada Lease with TransCanada Keystone Pipeline, L.P. by its
agent TC Oil Pipeline Operations, Inc. ("TransCanada") which agreed to lease and test the effectiveness of the Company s
AOT technology and equipment on one of TransCanada s operating pipelines. As previously reported in our 10-K report filed with the
SEC on March 16, 2015, in June 2014, the equipment was accepted by TransCanada and the lease commenced and the first full test of the
AOT equipment on the Keystone pipeline was performed in July 2014 by Dr. Rongjia Tao of Temple University, with subsequent testing performed
by an independent laboratory, ATS RheoSystems, a division of CANNON ATS in September 2014. Upon review of the July
2014 test results and preliminary report by Dr. Tao, QS Energy and TransCanada mutually agreed that this initial test was flawed due to,
among other factors, the short-term nature of the test, the inability to isolate certain independent pipeline operating factors such as
fluctuations in upstream pump station pressures, and limitations of the AOT device to produce a sufficient electric field to optimize
viscosity reduction. Subsequent testing by ATS in September 2014 demonstrated viscosity reductions of 8 to 23 depending on flow rates
and crude oil types in transit. In its summary report, ATS concluded that i) data indicated a decrease in viscosity of crude oil flowing
through the TransCanada pipeline due to AOT treatment of the crude oil; and ii) the power supply installed on our equipment would need
to be increased to maximize reduction in viscosity and take full advantage of the AOT technology. We determined more testing would be
required to establish the commercial efficacy of our AOT technology. The TransCanada Lease was terminated by TransCanada, effective October
15, 2014. Upon termination of the TransCanada Lease, all equipment was uninstalled, returned, inspected and configured for re-deployment. 

On July 15, 2014, the Company
entered into an Equipment Lease/Option to Purchase Agreement Kinder Morgan Lease with Kinder Morgan Crude Condensate,
LLC Kinder Morgan under which Kinder Morgan agreed to lease and test the effectiveness of the Company s AOT technology
and equipment on one of Kinder Morgan s operating crude oil condensate pipelines. Equipment provided under the Lease included a
single AOT Midstream pressure vessel with a maximum flow capacity of 5,000 gallons per minute. The equipment was delivered to Kinder Morgan
in December 2014 and installed in March 2015. In April 2015, during pre-start testing, low electrical impedance was measured in the unit,
indicating an electrical short. A replacement unit was installed in May 2015. The second unit also presented with low impedance when flooded
with crude condensate from Kinder Morgan s pipeline. Subsequent to design modifications, a remanufactured AOT unit was installed
and tested at Kinder Morgan s pipeline facility in August 2015. Initial results were promising, with the unit operating generally
as expected. However, voltage dropped as preliminary tests continued, indicating decreased impedance within the AOT pressure vessel. QS
Energy personnel and outside consultants performed a series of troubleshooting assessments and determined that, despite modifications
made to the AOT, conductive materials present in the crude oil condensate appeared to be the root cause of the decreased impedance. Based
on these results, QS Energy and Kinder Morgan personnel mutually agreed to put a hold on final acceptance of equipment under the lease
and suspended in-field testing to provide time to re-test crude oil condensate in a laboratory setting, and thoroughly review and test
selected AOT component design and fabrication. Subsequent analysis and testing led to changes in electrical insulation, inlet flow improvements
and other component modifications. These design changes were implemented and tested by Industrial Screen and Maintenance (ISM), one of
QS Energy's supply chain partners in Casper, Wyoming. Tests performed by ISM at its Wyoming facility indicated significant improvements
to system impedance and efficiency of electric field generation. 

In February 2016, the modified
AOT equipment was installed at Kinder Morgan s facility. Pre-acceptance testing was performed in April 2016, culminating in more
than 24 hours of continuous operations. In-field viscosity measurements and pipeline data collected during this test indicated the AOT
equipment operated as expected, demonstrating viscosity reductions equivalent to those measured under laboratory conditions. Supervisory
Control And Data Acquisition SCADA pipeline operating data collected by Kinder Morgan during this test indicated a pipeline
pressure drop reduction consistent with expectations. Results of this test were promising; however, due to the short duration of the test
and limited data collection, definitive conclusions regarding the AOT performance and its impact on pipeline operations could not be reached.
Based on final analysis of in-field test results, SCADA operating data and subsequent analysis of crude oil condensate samples at Temple
University, it became unlikely Kinder Morgan would use the AOT at the original test location or other condensate pipeline. Kinder Morgan
expressed interest in AOT operations at one of their heavy crude pipeline locations subject to results of other AOT demonstration projects
and provided the Company with additional crude oil samples which have been tested at Temple University for future test correlation and
operational planning purposes. The Kinder Morgan Lease is currently in suspension and there are no current plans to resume the lease or
reinstall an AOT device at a Kinder Morgan facility. 

19 

Southern Research Institute
(SRI) was engaged by QS Energy in 2015 to investigate the root cause of the crude oil condensate impedance issue by replicating conditions
experienced in the field utilizing a laboratory-scaled version of the AOT and crude oil condensate samples provided by Kinder Morgan.
In addition, QS Energy retained an industry expert petroleum pipeline engineer to review the AOT design and suggest design modifications
to resolve the crude oil condensate impedance issue. This engineer has studied design details, staff reports and forensic photographs
of each relevant AOT installation and test. Based on these investigations, specific modifications were proposed to resolve the impedance
issue, and improve the overall efficiency of the AOT device, resulting in a new value-engineered design of certain AOT internal components. 

During the third quarter of
2016, the Company developed an onsite testing program to demonstrate AOT viscosity reduction at prospective customer sites. This program
utilized a laboratory-scale AOT device designed and developed by the Company and tested at the Southern Research Institute. Under this
program, Company engineers set up a temporary lab at the customer s site to test a full range of crude oils. Fees charged for providing
this service were dependent on scope of services, crude oil sample to be tested, and onsite time requirements. In the fourth quarter 2016,
the Company entered a contract to provide these onsite testing services to a North American oil producer and pipeline operator over a
one-week period in early 2017 at a fixed price of 50,000. This test was performed in January 2017; data analysis and final report was
completed in March 2017. Test results demonstrated viscosity reduction under limited laboratory conditions. The oil producer requested
access to observe a full-scale demonstration facility and view operating data when they become available. 

In 2014, the Company began
development of a new suite of products based around the new electrical heat system which reduces oil viscosity through a process known
as joule heat Joule Heat ). The Company built and tested its first Joule Heat prototype in June 2015. The system was operational;
however, changes to the prototype configuration would be required to determine commercial effectiveness of this unit. In December 2015,
we suspended Joule Heat development activities to focus Company resources on finalizing commercial development of the AOT. We may resume
Joule Heat development in the future depending on the availability of sufficient capital and other resources. 

In July 2017, the Company
filed for trademark protection for the word eDiluent in advance of rolling out a new marketing and revenue strategy based
on the concept of using AOT to reduce pipeline dependence upon diluent to reduce viscosity of crude oils. A primary function of AOT is
to reduce viscosity by means of its solid-state electronics technology, in essence providing an electronic form of diluent, or eDiluent .
Subject to successful testing of our AOT technology and sufficient the availability of operating capital, the Company plans to market
and sell a value-added service under the name eDiluent, designed to be upsold by the Company s midstream pipeline customers in an
effort to provide the Company with long-term recurring revenues. 

During the third quarter 2017,
the Company built a dedicated laboratory space at its then Tomball, Texas facility, providing onsite testing utilizing our laboratory-scale
AOT device, among other equipment. Development of an AOT unit for use in crude oil upstream and gathering operations was restarted in
September 2017, utilizing resources at the Tomball, Texas facility. Also, during the third quarter 2017, the Company built an outdoor
facility at the Tomball, Texas site for onsite storage of AOT inventory and other large equipment. 

Throughout 2018 our primary
strategic goal was focused on installing and operating a demonstration AOT project on a commercial crude oil pipeline. Much of our time
was spent meeting with industry executives and engineers in North and South America and working with local representatives in the Asian
and the Middle Eastern markets. In December 2018, we reached mutual agreement with a major U.S.-based pipeline operator on a demonstration
project under which we would install and operate our AOT equipment on a crude oil pipeline located in the Southern United States. We believed
at the time that the selected project site would be ideal for demonstration purposes, delivering heavy crudes which, based on samples
tested at Temple University, and, subject to the discussion below, would experience significant viscosity reduction when treated with
our AOT technology. 

20 

While management focused on
finding a partner and finalizing terms of the demonstration project, and in our continuing efforts to commercialize our AOT technology,
our engineering team worked throughout 2018 to prepare one of our inventoried AOT units for deployment. All system upgrade, inspections
and testing protocols were completed in December 2018. The pipeline operator finalized site selection and began site design and engineering
in January 2019, completing site preparation and equipment installation in June 2019. The project was installed within budget, quality
compliant, and without safety incidents. The system passed the pre-start safety review, data acquisition signal verifications, and mechanical
inspections. Under full crude oil flow, the system was confirmed to have no leaks and no environmental issues were noted. Data collected
during the full-flow startup phase confirmed internal differential pressures to be negligible and consistent with design specifications.
However, when the system was energized, and the unit was run-up to high-voltage operations, the primary power supply began to operate
erratically and had to be taken offline. Subsequent inspection determined the primary power supply had failed. 

After removing the primary
power supply, our engineers reconfigured the system to run off a smaller secondary power supply. Although this unit was not capable of
achieving target treatment voltage, we performed limited testing and troubleshooting measures, after which the damaged power supply was
shipped to the manufacturer for expedited repair and reconditioning. Inspections performed during the repair process indicated internal
power supply components had been physically damaged. Though not definitive, it appears that damage may have occurred during transit prior
to initial installation at the demonstration site. While the demonstration project was offline for power supply repairs, our engineering
team worked with oil samples pulled from the operating pipeline for testing at our then Tomball laboratory facility. These tests were
designed to confirm our target power requirements as accurately as possible and help us fine-tune enhancements planned for a new optimized
AOT internal grid pack design we had planned to test at the demonstration site as part of our continuing value engineering effort. 

During initial testing with
the small power supply, current draw was greater than prior field deployments. While it was expected that the small power supply would
not achieve treatment voltage, as voltage was increased, actual current draw experienced under test conditions exceeded the operating
limit of the power supply. Subsequent laboratory and in-field testing performed at our then Tomball facility showed the electrical conductivity
of the oil to be quite high and in line with field observations. Although these tests indicated the unit was generally functioning properly,
results further indicated the damaged power supply, once repaired, would not be capable of providing sufficient power to fully treat the
crude oil due to the oil s high electrical conductivity. In anticipation of this result, the Company initiated in advance of testing
parallel tasks of: i) installation of the repaired power supply to perform limited testing to confirm laboratory and in-field test results;
and ii) procurement of a new power supply capable of providing significantly more power and a modified AOT grid pack assembly reconfigured
and generally optimized based on the latest laboratory and in-field test results. 

When the repaired power supply
was installed in late August 2019, the system operated as expected, and limited testing was performed at that time. Results of this limited
testing were consistent with laboratory tests performed to date. As expected, the repaired power supply was not capable of providing sufficient
power to fully treat the crude oil under commercial operating conditions. Based on results of this limited testing, Company engineers
completed designs and began implementation of modifications to the AOT internal grid pack assembly. 

The new high capacity power
supply and modified grid pack were installed in December 2019. However, prior to flooding the system with crude oil, early-phase startup
testing indicated an electrical short circuit. Subsequent inspection revealed damage to the internal grid pack which likely occurred during
installation. The grid pack was shipped offsite for repairs with reinstallation scheduled for January 2020. 

The AOT demonstration project
continued to experience setbacks during the first quarter of 2020. After repairing and re-installing the modified grid pack, the system
shut down again during commissioning presenting with error conditions similar to the December 2019 failure. At that time, based on external
inspections and on-site testing, our engineers suspected the grid pack had again been damaged during re-installation and that such suspected
damage was the most likely cause of the electrical short circuit. It was determined at that time the best course of action would be to
remove the modified grid pack and re-install the original grid pack which had previously been installed multiple times without sustaining
damage, and perform a detailed inspection of the modified grid pack in an effort to determine the cause of the electrical short circuit. 

21 

Executing this plan, our team
removed the modified grid pack and re-installed the original grid pack assembly in the AOT in January 2020. After removal, our engineers
performed a detailed inspection of the modified grid pack. Inconsistent with expectations, no damage to the modified grid pack was found
during this inspection, leaving the cause of the electrical short circuit undiagnosed. 

In January and February 2020,
our engineers tested and attempted to operate the AOT under a variety of conditions. In these tests, the system could be run at high voltage,
but not high enough for treatment with the installed grid pack, under static shut-in conditions; however, the system continued
to shut down due to an electrical short circuit when operated under pressure. In simple terms, this means the system could be flooded
with crude oil and powered up in excess of 10,000 volts when the system was shut-in by closing the intake and outtake valves which isolates
the system from the pipeline s operating pressure. However, once the valves were opened and the system was subjected to the pipeline s
operating pressure, the system developed an electrical short circuit and shut down. 

As the presence of high pressure
appears to trigger the short circuit, it was the belief of our engineers that it is unlikely the fault is in the grid pack assembly as
this component is fully submerged in crude oil and is generally subjected to equal pressure on all components. The electrical short is
more likely developing in the electrical connection assembly built into the blind flange at the top of the pressure vessel, which is subjected
to high pressure under normal operating conditions. Unfortunately, this electrical connection assembly could not be inspected without
destroying the assembly itself. Instead, our engineers developed a plan to replace the installed blind flange and electrical connection
assembly with components from inventory which would be rebuilt prior to installation. 

As part of an ongoing reliability-engineering
effort, our engineers at that time worked on incremental modifications to improve electrical isolation within the blind flange and electrical
connection assembly. These previously developed plans allowed us to move quickly with vendors and present an expedited plan to the pipeline
operator. In March 2020, our engineers designed modifications to the blind flange, electrical connections and related housing intended
to minimize the effects of high pressure and likelihood of internal electrical short circuits. Concurrently, a blind flange with high
voltage assembly was shipped from inventory to a shop with specialized equipment used to strip the flange of all electrical insulation
materials. Once the stripping process was complete, castings were made to complete the internal assembly. Our engineers believed at the
time that this modification could solve the electrical short issue we have experienced in prior tests. 

While the blind flange assembly
was being remanufactured, we took the opportunity to implement a number of relatively minor modifications to other system configurations
which had been planned for future units based on results of our engineering team s reliability engineering work over the past two
years. These modifications were designed to improve the reliability of internal electrical connections, increase the structural support
of the internal grid pack, and maintain higher quality control over internal component positioning and alignment during vertical installation. 

Notwithstanding our efforts,
the AOT system at that time continued to be non-operational under normal operating conditions. As reported in previous updates on our
website at https://www.qsenergy.com/index.php/qs-updates/ and in our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020, the AOT system experienced
shutdowns during the commissioning process. In December 2019, after installing a modified grid pack and new high-capacity power supply,
the system shut down presenting with an electrical short which was determined to be due to damage to the system s internal grid
pack likely incurred during installation. After repairing and re-installing the modified grid pack in January 2020, the system shut down
again during commissioning presenting with error conditions similar to the December 2019 failure. At that time, based on external inspections
and on-site testing, our engineers suspected the grid pack had again been damaged during re-installation and that such suspected damage
was the most likely cause of the electrical short circuit. As reported in our January 24, 2020 website update page, it was determined
at that time the best course of action would be to remove the modified grid pack and re-install the original grid pack which had previously
been installed multiple times without sustaining damage, and perform a detailed inspection of the modified grid pack in an effort to
determine the cause of the electrical short circuit. 

Executing on this plan, our
team removed the modified grid pack and re-installed the original grid pack assembly in the AOT. After removal, our engineers performed
a detailed inspection of the modified grid pack. Inconsistent with our expectations, no damage to the modified grid pack was found during
this inspection, leaving the cause of the most recent electrical short circuit undiagnosed. 

22 

We have tested and attempted
to operate the AOT under a variety of conditions. We have been able to bring the system up to high voltage under static shut-in 
conditions; however, as reported above, the system continued to shut down due to an electrical short circuit when operated under pressure.
In simple terms, as also reported above, this means we can flood the system with crude oil, shut-in the system by closing the intake and
outtake valves isolating the system from the pipeline s operating pressure, and power up the system in excess of 10,000 volts. Once
the valves are opened and the system is subjected to the pipeline s operating pressure, the system develops an electrical short
circuit and shuts down. Because of our inability to fully diagnose the cause of our current electrical problems, we can provide no assurances
that we will not face other operational issues after completing a full diagnosis and evaluation of our technology. 

As previously reported, in
December 2018, we entered into an agreement with a major U.S.-based pipeline operator under which the Company installed its AOT equipment
on a crude oil pipeline located in the Southern United States for testing and demonstration purposes. Based on laboratory tests and operations
of prototype equipment at other locations, we had a reasonable expectation that the equipment would operate successfully and that test
results would demonstrate quantifiable benefits to pipeline operators. This has not occurred. 

As reported in the Company s
Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 31, 2020 and June 29, 2020, respectively, and in website updates published on the
Company s website at https://www.qsenergy.com/index.php/qs-updates/, the Company experienced a number of difficulties and delays
at the demonstration site. Despite identifying and implementing numerous design modifications over several months, the Company was unable
to successfully operate its AOT equipment. 

In late June 2020, equipment
modifications intended to mitigate electrical short circuit issues identified in earlier tests were completed. During startup testing,
the system experienced a new failure mode in which the system could be operated at a baseline high voltage (well below operational voltage
required to treat heavy crude), but after a period of time, the system would drop to very low voltage indicating a reduction in electrical
resistance in the AOT. This voltage drop was both dynamic, developing over time as electrical current was applied; and transient, in that
the power supply could be shut-down and re-started with this voltage drop characteristic repeating. After reviewing these results and
running subsequent in-field tests at the direction of the power supply manufacturer, they recommended a configuration modification to
the control module of the system s high-voltage power supply which, in their experience, could resolve the system s ability
to maintain constant voltage under our unique operating conditions in which the AOT essentially acts as a very large capacitor. During
the first week of July 2020, we modified the power supply control module at the direction of the power supply manufacturer. Though this
modification did appear to solve the voltage drop issue, the AOT could not achieve operational voltage as the system control module indicated
arc-faults when high voltage was applied above the baseline voltage levels. After many attempts to bring the system up to operating voltage,
arc-faults continued until the AOT demonstrated symptoms of what appeared to be a dead short (electrical short-to-ground; voltage dropped
to zero) and the system could no longer be re-started. 

After discussions with our
demonstration pipeline partner, it was mutually agreed that the best course of action was to move the equipment from the demonstration
site to another location where our engineers could disassemble and inspect the equipment. Our AOT equipment was moved to storage, inspection,
and testing site in the state of Mississippi. Our former demonstration partner indicated their continued interest in our AOT technology
and may consider installation and operation of a new AOT demonstration project if our operational issues can be resolved. 

We shut down all testing of
our AOT product in July 2020, due to a lack of operating capital; we received limited capital in 2021, allowing us to commence some additional
testing of our AOT product. 

In 2021, following our receipt
of limited capital, our engineer commenced re-testing and completed a troubleshooting sequence. Lab test fixtures were designed and built,
and testing results supported the redesign of the AOT internals. The results of the electrical testing of the insulating material showed
that the material of constructions was functioning as designed. However, during the testing it was discovered that the material swells
when exposed to crude oil. The current design does not accommodate a change in size of the parts. 

23 

We validated a new design
concept for the grid pack will reduce arcing and allowed us to apply full voltage during a recent test. A 3rd party engineering firm with
proper experience and three-dimensional modeling software was engaged. A design review was completed, final drawings were sent to our
vendors, and prototype parts, for fit and electrical testing, were ordered. 

In August 2022 we completed
the testing of the new components. The assembly did not suffer the arcing problems we saw when testing an assembly made from parts of
the full size AOT. It appeared that we accomplished the goal of eliminating the sources of arcing that prevented us from achieving treatment
voltages with this new design. 

The lessons learned during
the stack assembly test have been applied and the results incorporated into the designs for the spacer rings and the screens. This change
to the isolator ring design resulted in some iterative designs to optimize the casting tooling or molds. The time spent on this redesign
created a delay in our goal for testing in September 2022. 

Since reporting our findings
on October 7, 2021, we have been able to positively confirm and correct 80 of what we have determined thus far to be the necessary improvements
for a reliable and field worthy AOT. Based on the results of the recent component testing, we were able to rework the original grid pack,
achieve high voltage in air and oil to verify that the individual components worked when assembled. 

Once all the parts were delivered
for a full AOT, we assembled the stack and installed the stack into the vessel. The vessel was filled with oil and tested. We were able
to apply full voltage of 40.1kV to the AOT. We believe the AOT is now ready to test with customer oil and be deployed back into the field. 

We reopened discussions with
our original development partner as well as reaching out to others. While we have tested with a representative oil sample, we have not
yet reached an agreement with a development partner allowing us to test a development partner's pipeline oil as a prelude to another field
test. Our efforts continue to reach agreement with a suitable development partner as our next step to develop and commercialize our AOT
technology. 

Our team has diligently pursued
the formalization of a new initiative, aligning it with the strategic priorities of potential development partners. As we endeavor to
seamlessly incorporate state-of-the-art technologies into a novel operational framework, we acknowledge that comprehensive planning and
meticulous execution invariably require more time than initially anticipated. 

A noteworthy milestone has
been achieved, demonstrating significant viscosity reduction for the specified oil target. Our collaboration with Temple University continues
as we define the operational parameters of the AOT system, essential for effective field deployment. Concurrently, we are actively exploring
commercial opportunities for our AOT product. 

In our ongoing effort to commercialize
our AOT technology, as announced in our press release of June 12, 2024, we entered into a letter of intent on June 11, 2024, with VIPS
Petroleum, LLC VIPS to collaborate on and outline preliminary terms of a memorandum of understanding MOU regarding the commercial deployment of our AOT technology on one or more pipeline networks owned and operated by VIPS customer/clients.
The MOU was completed and signed with VIPS on September 25, 2024, as reported in our press release of September 26, 2024. We have now
entered into a Collaboration Agreement with VIPS as of August 1, 2024 to collaborate with them in facilitating the deployment of our AOT
technology and products to VIPS customers. We hope to finalize a definitive agreement with a VIPS customer or customers to demonstrate
the efficacy of our AOT product within the operating goals and requirements of the customer. If those customers goals and requirements
are satisfied, we hope next to deploy our AOT product on the customer s pipeline networks. While we believe we have an opportunity
to seek deployment of our AOT product on a VIPS customer s pipeline network, we can offer no assurances that agreements will be
signed with VIPS' customers or that such customers, if any, will approve or seek installation of our AOT product. 

24 

Our expenses to date have
been funded through the sale of shares of common stock and convertible debt, as well as proceeds from the exercise of stock purchase warrants
and options. We will need to raise substantial additional capital through 2024, and beyond, to fund work on our AOT, our sales and marketing
efforts, continuing research and development, and certain other expenses, including without limitation, legal and accounting expenses,
until we are able to achieve a revenue base. We can provide no assurances that additional capital will be available to us, or if it is,
that such additional capital will be offered at acceptable terms. 

There are significant risks
associated with our business, our Company and our stock. See Risk Factors, below. 

We are dedicated to the crude
oil production and transportation marketplace, with a specifically targeted product offering for enhancing the flow-assurance parameters
of new and existing pipeline gathering and transmission systems. 

Our primary goal is to provide
the oil industry with a cost-effective method by which to increase the number of barrels of oil able to be transported per day through
the industry s existing and newly built pipelines. The greatest impact on oil transport volume may be realized through reductions
in pipeline operator reliance on diluent for viscosity reduction utilizing AOT technology; a process the Company refers to as electronic
diluent, or eDiluent . The Company filed for trademark protection of the term eDiluent in 2017. We also seek to provide the
oil industry with a way to reduce emissions from operating equipment. We believe our goals may be realizable via viscosity reduction using
our AOT product line. 

We believe QS Energy s
technologies will enable the petroleum industry to gain key value advantages boosting profit, while satisfying the needs of regulatory
bodies at the same time. Key players in the pipeline industry continue to demonstrate interest in our technologies. 

Our manufacturing strategy
is to contract with third-party vendors and suppliers, each with a strong reputation and proven track record in the pipeline industry.
These vendors are broken up by product component subcategory, enabling multiple manufacturing capacity redundancies and safeguards to
be utilized. In addition, this strategy allows the Company to eliminate the prohibitively high capital expenditures such as costs of building,
operating and maintaining its own manufacturing facilities, ratings, personnel and licenses, thereby eliminating unnecessary capital intensity
and risk. 

Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Three months ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 

Costs and expenses 

Operating expenses 

231,000 

164,000 

67,000 

Research and development expenses 

48,000 

47,000 

1,000 

Loss from operations 

(279,000) 

(211,000) 

(68,000) 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Interest and financing expense 

(86,000) 

(90,000) 

4,000 

Net Loss 

(365,000) 

(301,000) 

(64,000) 

25 

The Company had no revenues
in the three month-periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Operating expenses were 231,000
for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 164,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, an increase
of 22,000. This is due to increases in non-cash expenses of 4,000 and in cash expenses of 18,000. Specifically, the increase in non-cash
expenses is attributable to increases in stock compensation expenses attributable to the fair value of warrants issued as compensation
for services of 4,000. The increase in cash expenses is attributable to increases in salaries of 45,000, consulting fees of 13,000,
travel expenses of 4,000, public and investor relations of 2,000, office expenses of 1,000, and other expenses of 2,000, offset by
decreases in rent and utilities of 3,000, and other expenses of 1,000. 

Research and development expenses
were 48,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 47,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023,
an increase of 1,000. This increase is attributable to decreases in prototype product development costs of 1,000. 

Other expenses were 86,000
expense for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 90,000 expense for the three-month period ended September 30,
2023, a net decrease in other expenses of 4,000. This decrease is attributable to a decrease in non-cash other expenses of 4,000. The
decrease in non-cash other expense is due to a decrease in expense attributable to interest, beneficial conversion factors and warrants
associated with convertible notes issued in the amount of 4,000. 

The Company had a net loss
of 320,000, or 0.00 per share, for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 301,000, or 0.00 per
share, for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Results of Operations for nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Nine months ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 
 2023 
 
 Change 
 
 Revenues 

Costs and Expenses 

Operating expenses 

758,000 

508,000 

250,000 

Research and development expenses 

143,000 

148,000 

(5,000) 
 
 Loss from operations 

(901,000) 

(656,000) 

(245,000) 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Gain on partial forgiveness of PPP loan payable 

Interest and financing expense 

(246,000) 

(263,000) 

17,000 

Net Loss 

(1,147,000) 

(919,000) 

(228,000) 

Operating expenses were 758,000
for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 508,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, an increase
of 250,000. This is due to increases in non-cash expenses of 138,000 and in cash expenses of 67,000. Specifically, the increase in
non-cash expenses is attributable to an increase in stock compensation expenses attributable to the fair value of common stock issued
for services of 138,000. The increase in cash expense is attributable increases in salaries of 45,000, consulting fees of 35,000, patent
expenses of 28,000, public and investor relations of 4,000, legal and accounting of 4,000, rent and utilities of 2,000, insurance
of 1,000, corporate expenses of 1,000, and other expenses of 1,000, offset by decreases office expenses of 5,000, depreciation expenses
of 2,000, and banking expenses of 2,000. 

26 

Research and development expenses
were 143,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 148,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023,
a decrease of 5,000. This decrease is attributable to a decrease in prototype product development costs of 5,000. 

Other expenses were 246,000
expense for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to 263,000 expense for the nine-month period ended September 30,
2024, a net decrease in other expenses of 17,000. This decrease is attributable to a decrease in non-cash other expenses of 17,000.
The decrease in non-cash other expense is due to decreases in expense attributable to interest, beneficial conversion factors and warrants
associated with convertible notes issued in the amount of 17,000. 

The Company had a net loss
of 1,147,000 or 0.00 per share, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss of 919,000, or 0.00 per
share, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

General 

As reflected in the accompanying
condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company has not yet generated revenues and has incurred recurring net losses. We have
incurred negative cash flow from operations since our inception in 1998 and a stockholders deficit of 5,552,000 as of September
30, 2024. Our negative operating cash flow for the periods ended September 30, 2024 was funded primarily through issuance of convertible
notes and execution of options and warrants to purchase common stock. 

The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements,
the Company had a net loss of 1,147,000 and a negative cash flow from operations of 589,000 for the nine-month period ended September
30, 2024. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, 43 notes payable with an aggregate balance of 2,287,000 and certain obligations to a
former officer are past due. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, the
Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in its report on the Company s December 31, 2023 financial statements,
has raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our ability to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional funds and implement our business plan. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

Summary 

At September 30, 2024, we
had cash on hand in the amount of 237,000. We will need additional funds to operate our business, including without limitation the expenses
we will incur in connection with the license agreements with Temple University; costs associated with product development and commercialization
of the AOT and related technologies; costs to manufacture and ship our products; costs to design and implement an effective system of
internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures; costs of maintaining our status as a public company by filing periodic reports
with the SEC and costs required to protect our intellectual property. In addition, as discussed above, we have substantial contractual
commitments, including without limitation salaries to our executive officers pursuant to employment agreements, certain severance payments
to a former officer and consulting fees, during the remainder of 2024 and beyond. 

No assurance can be given
that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. 

27 

Licensing Fees to Temple University 

For details of the licensing
agreements with Temple University, see Financial Statements attached hereto, Note 6 (Research and Development). 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate, on an on-going basis, our estimates and judgments, including
those related to the useful life of the assets. We base our estimates on historical experience and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

The methods, estimates and
judgments we use in applying our most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that we report in our consolidated
financial statements. The SEC considers an entity s most critical accounting policies to be those policies that are both most important
to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results of operations and those that require management s most difficult,
subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain at the time
of estimation. For a more detailed discussion of the accounting policies of the Company, see Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 

We believe the following critical
accounting policies, among others, require significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Certain significant estimates were
made in connection with preparing our consolidated financial statements as described in Note 2 to Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company periodically issues
stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing costs. The
Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board whereas the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized over the vesting period.
The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance
of the Financial Accounting Standards Board whereas the value of the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined
at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity
instruments is complete. Non-employee stock-based compensation charges generally are amortized over the vesting period on a straight-line
basis. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee, option grants are immediately
vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date. 

28 

The fair value of the Company's
common stock option grants is estimated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model, which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free
interest rates, expected volatility, expected life of the common stock options, and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded
based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model, and based on actual experience. The assumptions used in the
Black-Scholes Option Pricing model could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities
and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, during the nine-months
ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred a net loss of 1,147,000, used cash in operations of 589,000 and had a stockholders 
deficit of 5,552,000 as of that date. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, 43 notes payable with an aggregate balance of 2,287,000
and certain obligations to a former officer are past due. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in its ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to raise additional funds and implement its business plan. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

At September 30, 2024, the
Company had cash on hand in the amount of 237,000. Management estimates that the current funds on hand will be sufficient to continue
operations through December 2024. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of debt and equity
securities for cash to operate our business, including without limitation the expenses it will incur in connection with the license agreements
with Temple; costs associated with product development and commercialization of the AOT technologies; costs to manufacture and ship the
products; costs to design and implement an effective system of internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures; costs of maintaining
our status as a public company by filing periodic reports with the SEC and costs required to protect our intellectual property. In addition,
the Company has substantial contractual commitments, including without limitation salaries to our executive officers pursuant to employment
agreements, certain payments to a former officer and consulting fees, during the remainder of 2024 and beyond. 

No assurance can be given
that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to the Company. Even if the
Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing or
cause substantial dilution for our stockholders in case of equity financing. 

Recent Accounting Polices 

See Footnote 2 in the accompanying
financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting policies. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure
about Market Risk 

We issue from time-to-time
fixed rate discounted convertible notes. Our convertible notes and our equity securities are exposed to risk as set forth below, in Part
II Item 1A, Risk Factors. Please also see Item 2, above, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

29 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

1. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The Company's management,
with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive and Financial Officer, evaluated, as of March 31, 2024, the effectiveness of the
Company's disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f), which
were designed to be effective at the reasonable assurance level. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive and Financial
Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024. As of September
30, 2024, management s assessment identified the material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting: 

We continue to have a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K, in that the Company has (i) inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives; and (ii) the Company has an insufficient number of personnel with an appropriate level of
U.S. GAAP knowledge and experience and ongoing training in the application of U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements commensurate with
the Company s financial reporting requirements. 

(a) Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

No change in the Company's
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. 

30 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

There is no litigation of
any significance with the exception of the matters that have arisen under, and are being handled in, the normal course of business. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

There have been no material
changes in the risk factors previously disclosed in Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, which we filed with the SEC on April
9, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

Issuances 

In private offerings exempt
from registration, during the nine-months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued 15,578,409 shares of its common stock upon the
conversion of 531,000 in convertible notes at 0.03 to 0.05 per share. In connection with the issuances of the foregoing securities,
the Company relied on the exemption, among other exemptions, from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, for transactions not involving a public offering. 

The proceeds received by the
Company in connection with the above issuances of shares were used and continue to be used for general corporate purposes. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

The Company provides regular
updates on its website in a section thereunder labeled Recent Updates at https://www.qsenergy.com/index.php/qs-updates/. 

During
the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement 
or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in SEC Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

31 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Quarterly Report Pursuant to Rule 13(a)-15(e) or Rule 15(d)-15(e) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Quarterly Report pursuant to Rule 13(a)-15(e) or Rule 15(d)-15(e) 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Quarterly Report Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

32 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto
duly authorized. 

QS ENERGY, INC. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Cecil Bond Kyte 

Cecil Bond Kyte 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 qsenergy_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

 AND RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Cecil Bond Kyte, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of QS Energy, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(d)-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its condensed consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ CECIL BOND KYTE 

Cecil Bond Kyte 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 qsenergy_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

 AND RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Cecil Bond Kyte, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of QS Energy, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(d)-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its condensed consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ CECIL BOND KYTE 

Cecil Bond Kyte 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 qsenergy_ex3200.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT BY THE 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

Solely for the purposes
of complying with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we, the undersigned
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of QS Energy, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on our
knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 14,
 2024 
 /s/ Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 Cecil Bond Kyte 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 qsep-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 qsep-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 qsep-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 qsep-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

