<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241212_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1784970_0001213900-24-108476.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4245180</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>56946</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1011635</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>985594</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>918758</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1176788</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-108476.hdr.sgml : 20241212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241212172940
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-108476
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Next Technology Holding Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001784970
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41450
		FILM NUMBER:		241546098

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		RM 519, 05/F, BLOCK T3, QIANHAI PREMIER
		STREET 2:		FINANCE CENTRE UNIT 2, GUIWAN AREA
		CITY:			NANSHAN DISTRICT, SHENZHEN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 96369080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		RM 519, 05/F, BLOCK T3, QIANHAI PREMIER
		STREET 2:		FINANCE CENTRE UNIT 2, GUIWAN AREA
		CITY:			NANSHAN DISTRICT, SHENZHEN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WETRADE GROUP INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Next Technology Holding Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WeTrade Group Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-108476.txt : 20241212

10-Q/A
 1
 ea021981104-10qa2_nexttech.htm
 AMENDMENT NO.2 TO FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Amendment No. 2 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended: 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
_____________ 

NEXT TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC (Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Tax . I.D. No.) 

, Nanshan District, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 12, 2024, there were 
shares of common stock outstanding. 

Explanatory Note 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Cautionary Note Regarding
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 

PART I Financial
 Information 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Financial
 Statements 
 1 

Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2024 and Audited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 
 1 

Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 
 2 

Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 and March 31,
 2023 
 3 

Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months ended March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 
 4 

Notes
 to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements as of March 31, 2024 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 22 

PART II Other
 Information 
 23 

Item 1. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 23 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 24 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered
 Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 24 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults
 Upon Senior Securities 
 24 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other
 information 
 24 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 25 

Signatures 
 26 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are generally
located in the material set forth under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations but may be found in other locations as well. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You should not unduly rely on these statements. 

We identify forward-looking
statements by use of terms such as may, will, expect, anticipate, estimate, 
 hope, plan, believe, predict, envision, intend, will, 
 continue, potential, should, confident, could and similar words
and expressions, although some forward-looking statements may be expressed differently. You should be aware that our actual results could
differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements
are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed
or implied by the forward-looking statements in this report. These factors include, among others: 

our
 ability to execute on our growth strategies; 

our
 ability to find manufacturing partners on favorable terms; 

declines
 in general economic conditions in the markets where we may compete; 

our
 anticipated needs for working capital; and 

Where we express an expectation
or belief as to future events or results, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis. 

Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of this report or the date of any document incorporated by reference in this report. Except to the extent required
by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

ii 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

NEXT TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS
INC 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(UNAUDITED) 

(All amounts shown in U.S. Dollars) 
 As of March 31, 2024 
 As
 of December 31, 2023 (audited) 

Restated 
 Restated 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Digital assets 

Accounts receivable- non related parties, net 

Prepayments 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Account payables 

Amount due to related parties 

Tax payable 

Other payables 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock; no par value; issued and outstanding on March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Retained Earnings/(Accumulated Deficit) 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

There is an adjustment of 263,947 in digital assets due to over-statement of its fair value of 263,947 There is an adjustment of 4,142,759 in both tax expenses and deferred tax liabilities due to under-provision of tax expenses and an adjustment of 130,934 in tax payable. There is a reclassification of 50,020 from accrued expenses to other payables and an adjustment of 520 in other payables due to error recording in other payables. There is an adjustment of 12,000 in the amount due to related parties due to error recording in the amount due to related parties. There is a prior year adjustment of 211,738 in FY 2023 accumulated deficit due to an increase in loss of discontinued operation in prior year. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

NEXT TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS
INC 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For
 the Three Months
 End March 31, 2024 
 For the Three Months End 
 March 31, 2023 

Restated 
 Restated 
 
 Revenue: 

Service revenue 

Total service revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross Profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expense 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Profit/ (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expenses 

Net profit/ (loss) from continuing operation 

Net loss from discontinued operation 

Comprehensive income 

Net profit/ (loss) 

Other comprehensive income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total comprehensive profit/(loss) 

Earnings /(Loss) per share, basic and diluted from continuing
 operation 

Earnings /(Loss) per share, basic and diluted from discontinued operation 

Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

NEXT TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS
INC 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(UNAUDITED) 

Three months ended March 31, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 (Accumulated Deficit)/ Retained 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total Shareholder 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Income 
 Equity 

(Restated) 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net profit for the period 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Three months ended March 31, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total Shareholder 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficits 
 Income 
 Equity 

(Restated) 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Loss from discontinued operation 

Net loss for the period 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

There is a prior year adjustment of 211,738 in FY 2023 accumulated deficit due to an increase in loss of discontinued operation in prior year. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated f inancial statements. 

3 

NEXT TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS
INC 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three months Ended 
 For the Three months Ended 

March 31, 2024 
 March 31, 2023 

(Restated) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Profit/ (loss) 

Fair value gain from digital assets 

Loss from discontinued operation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivables 

Account payables 

Directors fee payable 

Tax payable 

Other payables 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net cash flows used in continued operating activities 

Net cash flows used in discontinued operating activities 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

Cash flow from financing activities: 

Shareholders loan 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Change in cash and cash equivalents: 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

There is an adjustment of 4,142,759 in both tax expenses and an adjustment of 194,622 in other income, therefore resulting in changes in net profit in operating activities. There is a reclassification of 40,000 from shareholders loan to directors fee payable in operating activities. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

NEXT TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS
INC 

NOTES
TO CONDEDSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

5 

Digital asset purchase 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value change during the period 
 - 

- 
 
 Balance on March 31, 2024 

Restatement of previously issued financial
statement 

The Company discovered rounding errors
and accounting treatment errors in general and administrative expenses, other income, tax expenses, amount due to related parties,
deferred tax liabilities and other payables and accrued expenses during the audit review for the period ended March 31, 2024,
including rounding error of in general and administrative expenses, over-statement of other income and digital assets,
under-provision of tax expenses and deferred tax liabilities of , reclassification of tax payable from other
payable, and adjustment of in amount due to related parties for the three-month period ended March 31, 2024. 

Effects of the restatement are as follows: 

Other income 

Tax expenses 
 - 

Net profit 

Net loss 

Total assets 

Amount due to related parties 

Accrued expenses 

- 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 - 

Tax payable 
 - 

Other payables and accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

Accumulated profit 

Total equity 

6 

Total shareholders equity 

Fair value gain from digital assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 
 - 

Account payables 

Directors fee payables 
 - 

Net cash flow used in operation
 expenses 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Shareholders loan 

Net cash flow provided by financing
 activities 

7 

Digital assets carrying value 

Gain on digital assets during the period/ Year 

of the bitcoins held by the Company, which had a carrying value of approximately million on
the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2024. 

8 

RMB and RMB to US , respectively. The equity accounts
were stated at their historical rates. The average translation rates applied to statements of operations and comprehensive income accounts
for the period ended March 31, 2024 and year ended December 31, 2023 were RMB and RMB to US , respectively. Cash flows
were also translated at average translation rates for the period and, therefore, amounts reported on the statement of cash flows
would not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

9 

10 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with
the tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Earnings / (loss) per share, basic and diluted 

11 

12 

, which consists of the following: 

Purchase of BTC 

Gain from digital assets 

Ending balance 

As of March 31, 2024, the Company held approximately
833 BTC at the total cost of . For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023, the
Company recognized gain of and on digital assets respectively. 

The
Company does not require collateral for accounts receivable. The Company maintains an allowance for its doubtful accounts receivable
due to estimated credit losses. The Company records the allowance against bad debt expense through the condensed consolidated statements
of operations, included in general and administrative expense, up to the amount of revenues recognized to date. Receivables are written
off and charged against the recorded allowance when the Company has exhausted collection efforts without success. There is no allowance
for expected credit loss as the accounts receivable has been received as at reporting date. 

13 

As previously disclosed in a Form 8-K filed
on September 28, 2023, the Company entered into a BTC Trading Contract (the BTC Contract with an autonomous organization
(the Association Seller ), which supports its members in the sale of BTC. While the Association Seller provides services
to facilitate the sale of BTC by its members, it does not exert control over them by ownership or contract, nor does it make decisions
for its members relating to the sale of BTC. None of the members of the Association Seller hold equity, serve as director or officer,
or otherwise has voting power or management rights of the Association Seller. 

Under the BTC Contract, the Company has the
right to purchase up to 6,000 BTC from the members of the Association Seller (each, a BTC Seller through the Association
Seller at a locked price of 30,000/BTC over a 12-month period commencing on September 25, 2023, with payment to be made in the form
of cash or the Company s shares. Although the BTC Contract states that the Association Seller (Party B) owns the virtual
currency , to our knowledge, this statement was mistakenly made. As of the date of the BTC Contract, it were the individual members
of the Association Seller, not the Association Seller itself, who own the BTC to be sold under the BTC Contract. We believe the Association
Seller will coordinate with its members to fulfill the Company s purchase of BTC, however, we cannot guarantee that the Company
will be able to purchase BTC from the BTC Sellers. The BTC Contract was entered into solely between the Company and the Association Seller
and no BTC Sellers owe any legal obligation to the Company in connection with the purchase and sale of BTC. 

Following the execution of the BTC Contract, the Company
purchased 833 BTC from the BTC Sellers and decided to purchase an additional 1,000 BTC (the 1,000 BTC Purchase ). As of
December 31, 2023, the Company made a prepayment to the BTC Sellers through the Association Seller of approximately (the
 Prepayment Amount ), representing of the total purchase price for 1000 BTC. 

According to the Amendment Agreement, the Company agreed
to pay the aggregate price for the 5,000 BTC through the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock (the Common
Stock valued at per share, which was the closing market price of the Common Stock as of May 1, 2024 (the Then FMV and warrants to purchase shares of the Common Stock with the exercise price of per share (equal to of the Then FMV).

14 

Amount due to shareholders 

Director fee payable 

The related party balance of represented
advances from former shareholders for Company s daily operation. 

As of March 31, 2024, the amount due to shareholders
of represented advances and professional expenses paid on behalf by Shareholders, which consist of audit fees, lawyers 
fee and other professional expenses. 

As of March 31, 2024, the director fee payable
of represented the accrual of director fees from the appointment date to March 31, 2024. 

The
amount due to related parties are interest free, unsecured and have
no fixed repayment period. 

Professional fees of comprise outstanding legal fees in
relation to shareholders litigation, BTC consultant fee and listing compliance fee owing to professional parties. 

15 

shares with no par value as of March 31, 2024. 

On March 29, 2019, the Company issued 
shares with no par value to thirty-three founders. On September 3, 2019, the Company issued a total shares at each to non-US
shareholders. The total outstanding shares has increased to shares as of December 31, 2019. 

In February 2020, there are shares
were issued at per share to new shareholders. On July 10, 2020, the Company issued another shares at per share to new
shareholders and the total outstanding shares has increased to shares. 

On September 15, 2020, the Wyoming Secretary
of State approved the Company s certificate of amendment to amend its Articles of Incorporation to effect . The total issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock has been increased from to 
shares, with the par value unchanged at zero. 

On September 21, 2020, there are shares
issued at per share to new shareholders, the Company s common stock issued has been increased to shares as of
December 31, 2020. 

On April 13, 2022, the Company and 15 shareholders
entered into that certain Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement ), pursuant to which Company and the 15
Shareholders have cancelled shares of Common Stock Cancellation Shares ). Upon completion of the transaction,
the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock has been decreased from shares to shares as of June
30, 2022. 

On July 21, 2022, the Company completed uplisting
of its common stock to the Nasdaq Capital Market, and the closing of its public offering of shares of common stock with the
gross proceeds of and net proceeds of after deducting the total offering cost of . The shares were
priced at per share, and the offering was conducted on a firm commitment basis. The shares continue to trade under the stock symbol
 WETG. The Company s total issued and outstanding common stock has been increased to shares after the
offering. 

On July 22, 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock to certain service providers for services in connection with the public offering, the fair value of the share was .
The Company s total issued and outstanding common stock has been increased to shares in 2022. 

On
June 9, 2023, the Wyoming Secretary of State approved the Company s certificate of amendment to amend its Articles of Incorporation
to effect reverse stock split Reverse Stock Split ). The total issued and outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock decreased from to shares, with the par value unchanged at zero. 

In September 2023, there were shares
issued with the total amount of , and the Company s common stock issued has been increased to shares as of
March 31, 2024. 

16 

. 

The Company is currently conducting its certain
operations in the PRC through its subsidiaries, which are subject to tax to . 

ordinary shares (the Purchased Shares of the Target (the Transaction at a per share
purchase price of per share for an aggregate purchase price of (the Purchase Price ). Pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement, at the closing of the Transaction, the Company will pay the Purchase Price by issuing to the Sellers an aggregate
of shares of common stock of the Company (the Next Technology Common Stock based on an agreed-upon valuation
of per share (the Per Share Price ). The Per Share Price is above , which is the average price per share of the
shares of common stock of the Company traded on Nasdaq Capital Market in the trading prior to the signing date of the Purchase
Agreement. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, each Seller will receive its portion of the Company s Common Stock proportionate
to the number of the Purchased Shares to be sold by such Seller to Next Investment under the Purchase Agreement, the transaction has
been completed in end of April 2024. 

Change of Company name 

Effective
April 2, 2024, the Company has changed its name to Next Technology Holdings Inc. The name change was made pursuant to the Wyoming Business
Corporations Act, and an amendment to Article I of the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation was filed with
the Wyoming Secretary of State on March 18, 2024 (Amendment ID: 2024-004669585). 

Our common stock will continue to trade on the
NASDAQ Stock Market under the ticker symbol NXTT . Outstanding stock certificates for shares of the company are not affected
by the name change. They continue to be valid and need not be exchanged. 

Amended
and Restated BTC Trading Contract 

On September 24, 2024, the Company and the
Association Seller entered into an Amended and Restated BTC Trading Contract (the Amended BTC Contract ), which amended
and restated the BTC Contract. The purchase price for the Total BTC will be paid by the Company in cash or shares of Common Stock. Although the Amended BTC
Contract states that the Association Seller (Party B) owns the virtual currency , to our knowledge, this statement was mistakenly
made. As of the date of the Amended BTC Contract, it were the Schedule I BTC Sellers who are the individual members of the Association
Seller, not the Association Seller itself, who own the BTC to be sold under the Amended BTC Contract. 

To our knowledge, the Association Seller entered
into a cooperation agreement with each Schedule I BTC Sellers (the Cooperation Agreement on the same day when the Amended
BTC Contract was entered. Under the Cooperation Agreement, each Schedule I BTC Seller agrees to transfer a specified number of BTC (as
set forth in the Cooperation Agreement) to a BTC wallet address designated by the Association Seller for the transactions contemplated
under the Amended BTC Contract. 

While we believe the Association Seller will
be able to coordinate with its members to fulfill the Company s purchase of BTC if the Company so decides, we cannot guarantee
that the Company will successfully acquire BTC pursuant to the Amended BTC Contract. The Amended BTC Contract was entered into solely
between the Company and the Association Seller and no Schedule I BTC Sellers owe any legal obligation to the Company in connection with
the purchase and sale of BTC. Furthermore, as the Company is not a party to the Cooperation Agreement, it cannot enforce the terms of
the Cooperation Agreement against any Schedule I BTC Sellers should such Schedule I BTC Sellers do not perform their obligations under
the Cooperation Agreement. For example, if a Schedule I BTC Seller does not transfer its committed BTC to the Association Seller pursuant
to the Cooperation Agreement, we may not be able to purchase such BTC from the Association Seller pursuant to the Amended BTC Contract. 

17 

shares of Common Stock (the Shares valued at per share and (ii) the issuance of warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock at a nominal exercise price
(the Warrants ). 

The
value of per share for the Shares is equal to the sum of (i) the Nasdaq Official Closing Price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately
preceding the signing of the Amended BTC Contract, and (ii) . Using the same per value valuation, the warrants are worth approximately
 . 

Pursuant to the Amended BTC Contract, the Company shall exercise its
option to purchase BTC thereunder prior to September 24, 2025. While the Company s purchase option thereunder is time-limited, the
Amended BTC Contract itself will remain in effect without a defined expiration date, unless otherwise terminated. In the event of a breach by either party, the non-breaching party has the right
to terminate the agreement. In such case, the breaching party will be obligated to pay a penalty of to the non-breaching
party. 

The
above description of the Amended BTC Contract does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the Amended BTC Contract, a copy of which is attached to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.1, filed
with the SEC on September 27, 2024, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

Impact
on Company s Capitalization and Stockholder Approval 

The
issuance of securities pursuant to the Amended BTC Contract will not affect the rights of the Company s existing stockholders,
but such issuances will have a significant dilutive effect on the Company s existing stockholders, including the voting power of
the existing stockholders. 

As of the date of this report, there were
 issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock. Immediately after the issuance of the Shares (assuming no exercise of the
Warrants), there will be issued and outstanding shares of the Common Stock, and the ownership percentage of the Company s
existing stockholders in the Company will be diluted to approximately . Assuming full exercise of the Warrants concurrently with
the issuance of the Shares, immediately after the issuance of the Shares, there will be issued and outstanding shares of
Common Stock, and the ownership percentage of the Company s existing stockholders in the Company will be further diluted to approximately
 . 

Pursuant
to Nasdaq Rule 5635(a), if an issuer intends to issue common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in
connection with the acquisition of stock or assets of another company, which may equal or exceed of the outstanding common stock
or voting power on a pre-transaction basis, the issuer generally must obtain the prior approval of its stockholders. Pursuant to Nasdaq
Rule 5635(d), if an issuer intends to issue common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, other than in
a public offering, which may equal or exceed of the outstanding common stock or voting power on a pre-transaction basis for a price
that is lower than (i) the Nasdaq Official Closing Price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately preceding the signing of a binding
agreement; or (ii) the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price of the common stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the trading 
immediately preceding the signing of the binding agreement for such common stock, the issuer generally must obtain the prior approval
of its stockholders. 

The
Shares to be issued to the Schedule I BTC Sellers in the Amended 5,000 BTC Transaction exceeds the threshold for which stockholder
approval is required under Nasdaq Rule 5635(a), and the Warrant Shares to be issued to the Schedule I BTC Sellers upon the full
exercise of the Warrants could result in the issuance of a number of shares exceeding the threshold and pricing for which
stockholder approval is required under Nasdaq 5635(d). As such, the Company is required to obtain requisite stockholder approval for
the Amended 5,000 BTC Transaction. 

As
disclosed in a Preliminary Information Statement on Schedule 14C filed by the Company on October 3, 2024, the Company has obtained the
requisite stockholder approval for the Amended 5,000 BTC Transaction in accordance with the Company s articles of incorporation
and bylaws on September 24, 2024. 

18 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere
in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors discussed elsewhere in this report. 

Business 

Next Technology Holdings Inc (formerly known
as WeTrade Group, Inc was incorporated in the State of Wyoming on March 28, 2019. We currently pursue two corporate strategies.
One business strategy is to continue providing software development services, and the other strategy is to acquire and hold bitcoin. 

Software development 

We provide AI-enabled software development
services to our customers, which include developing, designing, and implementing various SAAS software solutions for businesses of all
types, including industrial and other businesses. 

Bitcoin Acquisition Strategy 

Our bitcoin acquisition strategy generally involves
acquiring bitcoin with our liquid assets that exceed working capital requirements, and from time to time, subject to market conditions,
issuing debt or equity securities or engaging in other capital raising transactions with the objective of using the proceeds to purchase
bitcoin. 

We view our bitcoin holdings as long-term holdings
and expect to continue to accumulate bitcoin. We have not set any specific target for the amount of bitcoin we seek to hold, and we will
continue to monitor market conditions in determining whether to engage in additional financings to purchase additional bitcoin. 

This overall strategy also contemplates that
we may (i) periodically sell bitcoin for general corporate purposes, including to generate cash for treasury management or in connection
with strategies that generate tax benefits in accordance with applicable law, (ii) enter into additional capital raising transactions
that are collateralized by our bitcoin holdings, and (iii) consider pursuing additional strategies to create income streams or otherwise
generate funds using our bitcoin holdings. 

We believe that, due to its limited supply, bitcoin
offers the opportunity for appreciation in value if its adoption increases and has the potential to serve as a hedge against inflation
in the long-term. 

19 

Results of Operations 

Results of Operations
for the Three months period Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 

The following tables provide a comparison of
a summary of our results of operations for the three months period ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 

For the period March
 31, 
 2024 
 From the period March
 31, 
 2023 

(Restated) 
 (Restated) 
 
 Revenue: 

Service revenue 

Cost of Revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses: 

Gain from digital assets 
 24,019,399 

General and administrative expenses 
 (330,145 
 (166,295 
 
 Net profit/ (loss) before income tax 
 23,689,254 
 (166,295 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (4,142,759 

Net profit/ (loss) 
 19,546,495 
 (166,295 

Revenue from Operations 

For the three-month period ended March 31, 2024
and 2023, total revenue were nil respectively. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

For the three months period ended March 31, 2024
and 2023, general and administrative expenses were 330,145 and 166,295 respectively. The increase is mainly due to increase in BTC
consulting fee during the period. 

Other Income 

The other income of 24,019,399 is mainly due
to gain from digital assets during the period. 

Net Profit 

As a result of the factors described above, there
was a net profit of 19,546,495 and net loss of 166,295 for the period ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in
net profit is mainly due to gain from digital assets during the period. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of March 31, 2024, we had cash on hand of 668,388. There is no
change in cash held during the period. 

20 

Operating activities 

As
of March 31, 2024, our cash flow used in operating activities is 530 for the period ended March 31, 2024 as compared to the cash flow
used in operating activities of 511,772 in prior period. The decrease was mainly due to higher fair value gain in BTC were made in prior
period. 

Financing activities 

Cash
provided by our financing activities was 635 for the period ended March 31, 2024 as compared to cash provided by financing activities
of 186,000. The decrease is mainly due to lesser in shareholders advance during the period as compare to the prior period. 

Inflation 

Inflation does not materially affect our business
or the results of our operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

We prepare our financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States GAAP ). GAAP represents a comprehensive set of accounting
and disclosure rules and requirements. The preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Our actual results could differ from those
estimates. We use historical data to assist in the forecast of our future results. Deviations from our projections are addressed when
our financials are reviewed on a monthly basis. This allows us to be proactive in our approach to managing our business. It also allows
us to rely on proven data rather than having to make assumptions regarding our estimates. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

We have reviewed all the recently issued, but
not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company
financial statements. 

21 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company 
as defined by Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and as such are not required to provide the information contained in this item pursuant
to Item 305 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

The management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

With respect to the period ended March 31, 2024,
under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and
operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. 

Based upon our evaluation regarding the period
ended March 31, 2024, the Company s management, including its Principal Executive Officer, has concluded that its disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective due to the Company s limited internal resources and lack of ability to have multiple levels of
transaction review. Material weaknesses noted are lack of an audit committee, lack of a majority of outside directors on the board of
directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and management
is dominated by two individuals, without adequate compensating controls. However, management believes the financial statements and other
information presented herewith are materially correct. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2024. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
- Guidance for Smaller Public Companies (the COSO criteria). Based on our assessment, management identified material weaknesses related
to: (i) our internal audit functions; (ii) a lack of segregation of duties within accounting functions; and the lack of multiple levels
of review of our accounting data. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of March 31, 2024, we did not maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with any
policies and procedures may deteriorate. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible
and may not be economically feasible. To the extent possible, we will implement procedures to assure that the initiation of transactions,
the custody of assets and the recording of transactions will be performed by separate individuals. With proper funding we plan on remediating
the significant deficiencies identified above, and we will continue to monitor the effectiveness of these steps and make any changes
that our management deems appropriate. 

A material weakness is a control deficiency (within
the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard No. 5) or combination of control deficiencies, that results
in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

22 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Since mid-September 2023, Mr. Zheng Dai, Mr.
Pijun Liu, and certain individuals under their control (the Unauthorized Persons had been falsely and repeatedly holding
themselves out as representing and/or authorized to represent the Company. For example, the Unauthorized Persons caused to be filed certain
current reports on Forms 8-K dated September 28, 2023 and October 10, 2023, in which they purported to appoint new officers and directors.
These filings were false and should be disregarded. 

On September 28, 2023, a derivative lawsuit was
filed by certain purported shareholders affiliated with the Unauthorized Persons in the United States District Court for the District
of Wyoming against certain officers and directors of the Company, seeking control of the Company. This case was dismissed without prejudice
on October 18, 2023. 

On October 18, 2023, the same individuals who
filed the above-described derivative suit filed a direct action against the Company in the Chancery Court of the State of Wyoming (the
 Chancery Court ), again seeking control of the Company. The Company responded to the lawsuit, sought a temporary restraining
order restraining the plaintiff-shareholders and their affiliates (including the Unauthorized Persons) from claiming be in control of
the Company. 

On November 7, 2023, the Chancery Court issued
a temporary restraining order substantially restraining the plaintiff-shareholders and their affiliates from claiming to act on behalf
of the Company. The lawsuit remains pending as at reporting date. 

On November 30, 2023, the Company responded to
plaintiffs arguments that they controlled the Company, pointing out that plaintiffs case (Mr. Dai Zheng and his affiliates)
was largely built upon forged signatures and other fabricated materials. In response, the plaintiffs withdrew their opposition to the
Company s request for an injunction. 

On January 5, 2024, the Chancery Court entered
a preliminary injunction order (attached hereto). Specifically, the order restrained Mr. Dai Zheng and his affiliates from the following
conduct: 

(i) acting as or
 holding themselves out as majority shareholders, directors, executives, or employees of the
 Company and its affiliates; 

(ii) making any
 attempts to contact the SEC, Nasdaq, government authorities, or make any filing or press
 release on behalf of the Company; 

(iii) making any
 attempts to change the board composition and executive team; 

(iv) disseminating
 false statements regarding the Company and its leadership; 

(v) making any
 attempts to contact the Company s service providers, including auditors, stock transfer
 agents, and filing agents; 

(vi) making any
 attempts to issue the Company s shares. 

23 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company 
as defined by Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and as such are not required to provide the information contained in this item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES
OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON
SENIOR SECURITIES 

No senior securities were issued and outstanding
during the nine months ended March 31, 2024. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable to our Company. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

On June 9, 2023, the Wyoming Secretary of State
approved the Company s certificate of amendment to amend its Articles of Incorporation to effect 1 for 185 Reverse Stock Split.
The total issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock decreased from 195,057,503 to 1,054,364 shares, with the
par value unchanged at zero. 

The Reverse Stock Split is intended to more expediently
enable the Company to regain compliance to achieve a minimum bid price of 1.00 per share for continued listing on Nasdaq, as set forth
in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Requirement ). As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every one-for-one
hundred and eighty-five (185) shares of the Company s Common Stock then issued and outstanding will automatically, and without
any action of the Company or any holder thereof, be combined, converted, and changed into one (1) validly issued and non-assessable share
of Common Stock. fractional shares will be issued to any shareholder, and in lieu of issuing any such fractional shares, the fractional
shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split will be rounded up to the nearest whole share of Common Stock. 

In September, 2023, there were 1,570,600 shares
issued with the total amount of 12,616,454, and the Company s common stock issued has been increased to 2,625,130 shares as of
March 31, 2024. 

24 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description

10.1 
 
 BTC Trading Contract, dated September 25, 2023, between Next Technology Holdings Inc., as Party A (Buyer) and Party B (Seller) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2023) 

10.2 
 
 Amendment
 Agreement, dated May 2, 2024, between Next Technology Holdings Inc., as Party A (Buyer) and Party B (Seller) (Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2024) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Contract
 Cancellation Agreement, dated June 20, 2024, between Next Technology Holdings Inc., as Party A (Buyer) and Party B (Seller) (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10Q/A for the period ended September 30, 2024, filed on December 9, 2024) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amended
 and Restated BTC Trading Contract, dated September 24, 2024, between Next Technology Holdings Inc., as Party A (Buyer) and Party
 B (Seller) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2024) 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer filed pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Filed herewith 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 Filed herewith 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 Filed herewith 
 
 101 
 
 Financial statements from
 the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Next Technology Holdings Inc for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024, formatted in XBRL:
 (i) the Balance Sheet; (ii) the Statement of Income; (iii) the Statement of Cash Flows; and (iv) the Notes to the Financial Statements
 Filed herewith 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

25 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NEXT TECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS INC 

Dated December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Wei Hong Liu 

Wei Hong Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/
 Eve Chan 

Eve Chan 

Chief Financial Officer 

26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021981104ex31-1_nexttech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 7241, AS 

 ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Liu Wei Hong, certify that: 

1 
 I have reviewed the
 quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of Next Technology Holdings Inc., a Wyoming corporation, for the period ended March 31, 2024, as filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

2 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 /s/ Wei Hong Liu 

Liu Wei Hong 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021981104ex31-2_nexttech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION BY THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Eve Chan, certify that: 

1 
 I have reviewed the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Next Technology Holdings Inc., a Wyoming corporation, for the period ended March 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

2 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 /s/ Eve Chan 

Eve Chan 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021981104ex32-1_nexttech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Liu Wei Hong, Director and Chief Executive
Officer of Next Technology Holdings Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify, in connection with Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A
for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 (the Report of the Company, the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated
below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Wei Hong Liu 

Liu Wei Hong 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021981104ex32-2_nexttech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Eve Chan, Director and Chief Financial
Officer of Next Technology Holdings Inc . (the Company ), do hereby certify, in connection with Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 (the Report of the Company, the undersigned, in the capacity and
on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Eve Chan 

Eve Chan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nxtt-20240331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nxtt-20240331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nxtt-20240331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nxtt-20240331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nxtt-20240331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

