<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_93556_0000093556-24-000181.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10893943</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146603</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1733285</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4357198</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2273695</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2135812</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000093556-24-000181.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029151047
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000093556-24-000181
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000093556
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CUTLERY, HANDTOOLS & GENERAL HARDWARE [3420]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				060548860
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05224
		FILM NUMBER:		241405240

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 STANLEY DR
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 7000
		CITY:			NEW BRITAIN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06053
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8602255111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 STANLEY DR
		CITY:			NEW BRITAIN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06053

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STANLEY WORKS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000093556-24-000181.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 swk-20240928.htm
 10-Q

swk-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from [ ] to [ ] 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER) 
 (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION) (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER) 
 
 , 
 (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES AND ZIP CODE) 
 
 REGISTRANT S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title Of Each Class Trading Symbol Name Of Each Exchange On Which Registered 2.50 Par Value per Share 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding as of October 24, 2024. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 3 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 31 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 42 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 42 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 45 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 45 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 45 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 45 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 46 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 47 
 SIGNATURE 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

STANLEY BLACK DECKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 28, 2024 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (Unaudited, Millions of Dollars, Except Per Share Amounts) 
 
 Third Quarter Year-to-Date 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Sales Costs and Expenses Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative Provision for credit losses Other, net Loss on sales of businesses Asset impairment charges Restructuring charges Interest income ) ) ) ) Interest expense Earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) Income taxes on continuing operations ) ) ) Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations ) Gain (loss) on Security sale before income taxes ) Income taxes on discontinued operations ) Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net Earnings (Loss) ) Total Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Basic earnings (loss) per share of common stock: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Total basic earnings (loss) per share of common stock ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share of common stock: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Total diluted earnings (loss) per share of common stock ) 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 STANLEY BLACK DECKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 SEPTEMBER 28, 2024 AND DECEMBER 30, 2023 
 (Unaudited, Millions of Dollars, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 
 September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts and notes receivable, net Inventories, net Current assets held for sale Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total Current Assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangibles, net Long-term assets held for sale Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREOWNERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities Short-term borrowings Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses Current liabilities held for sale Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt Deferred taxes Post-retirement benefits Long-term liabilities held for sale Other liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Notes O and P 
 per share: 
 Authorized shares in 2024 and 2023 
 Issued shares in 2024 and 2023 
 Retained earnings Additional paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Less: cost of common stock in treasury shares in 2024 and shares in 2023) 
 ) ) Total Shareowners Equity Total Liabilities and Shareowners Equity 
 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 STANLEY BLACK DECKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 28, 2024 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (Unaudited, Millions of Dollars) 
 
 Third Quarter Year-to-Date 2024 2023 2024 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net earnings (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment Amortization of intangibles Loss on sales of businesses (Gain) loss on sale of discontinued operations ) Asset impairment charges Stock-based compensation expense Changes in working capital ) ) Changes in other assets and liabilities ) ) ) Cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital and software expenditures ) ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of businesses, net of cash sold ) Other Cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from debt issuances, net of fees ) Net short-term commercial paper repayments ) ) ) ) Craftsman contingent consideration payments ) Cash dividends on common stock ) ) ) ) Other ) Cash used in financing activities ) ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, as shown above: 
 September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in Other current assets Cash and cash equivalents included in Current assets held for sale Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 STANLEY BLACK DECKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREOWNERS' EQUITY 
 THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 28, 2024 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (Unaudited, Millions of Dollars, Except Share and Per Share Amounts) 

Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Non- Controlling Interests Shareowners Equity Balance December 30, 2023 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock shares) 
 ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation related Balance March 30, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock shares) 
 ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation related Balance June 29, 2024 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per common share 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock shares) 
 ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation related Balance September 28, 2024 ) ) 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Non- Controlling Interests Shareowners Equity Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Cash dividends declared per common share 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock shares) 
 ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation related Balance April 1, 2023 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock shares) 
 ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation related Balance July 1, 2023 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock shares) 
 ) Repurchase of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation related Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 STANLEY BLACK DECKER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 28, 2024 

A. 

Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for a full fiscal year. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and footnotes included in Stanley Black Decker, Inc. s (the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023, and subsequent related filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). 
 
 On April 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of its Infrastructure business. Based on management's commitment to sell this business, assets and liabilities related to Infrastructure were classified as held for sale on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 30, 2023. This divestiture did not qualify for discontinued operations and therefore, its results were included in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in continuing operations through the date of sale. The sale of the Infrastructure business is part of the Company's strategic commitment to simplify and streamline its portfolio to focus on the core Tools Outdoor and Industrial businesses. Refer to Note Q, Divestitures, for further discussion of this transaction. 

B. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

C. 
 
 ) Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net Earnings (Loss) ) 
 
 Third Quarter Year-to-Date 2024 2023 2024 2023 Denominator (in thousands): Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of stock contracts and awards Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 
 
 Third Quarter Year-to-Date 2024 2023 2024 2023 Earnings (loss) per share of common stock: Basic earnings (loss) per share of common stock: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Total basic earnings (loss) per share of common stock ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share of common stock: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Total diluted earnings (loss) per share of common stock ) 

shares of common stock. The contract obligates the Company to pay million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract. In June 2024, the Company amended the settlement date to June 2026, or earlier at the Company's option. The reduction of common shares outstanding was recorded at the inception of the forward share purchase contract in March 2015 and factored into the calculation of weighted-average shares outstanding at that time. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

D. 
 Notes receivable Other accounts receivable Accounts and notes receivable Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts and notes receivable, net 
 Trade receivables are dispersed among a large number of retailers, distributors and industrial accounts in many countries. Adequate reserves have been established to cover anticipated credit losses. 
 
 Charged to costs and expenses Other, including recoveries and deductions (a) ) ) ) ) Balance end of period (a) Amounts represent charge-offs less recoveries, the impacts of foreign currency translation, divestitures and net transfers to/from other accounts. 
 The Company's payment terms are generally consistent with the industries in which their businesses operate and typically range from 30-90 days globally. The Company does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component when the period between transfer of the product and receipt of payment is less than one year. Any significant financing components for contracts greater than one year are included in revenue over time. 
 
 The Company has an accounts receivable sale program. According to the terms, the Company sells certain of its trade accounts receivables at fair value to a wholly owned, consolidated, bankruptcy-remote special purpose subsidiary BRS"). The BRS, in turn, can sell such receivables to a third-party financial institution Purchaser for cash. The Purchaser s maximum cash investment in the receivables at any time is million. The purpose of the program is to provide liquidity to the Company. These transfers qualify as sales under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 860, Transfers and Servicing , and receivables are derecognized from the Company s consolidated balance sheet when the BRS sells those receivables to the Purchaser. The Company has no retained interests in the transferred receivables, other than collection and administrative responsibilities. At September 28, 2024, the Company did not record a servicing asset or liability related to its retained responsibility based on its assessment of the servicing fee, market values for similar transactions and its cost of servicing the receivables sold. 
 
 At September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, net receivables of million and million, respectively, were derecognized. Proceeds from transfers of receivables to the Purchaser totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and payments to the Purchaser totaled million and million, respectively. Proceeds from transfers of receivables to the Purchaser totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and payments to the Purchaser totaled million and million, respectively. The program resulted in a pre-tax loss of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. The program resulted in a pre-tax loss of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. All cash flows under the program are reported as a component of changes in working capital within operating activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows since all the cash from the Purchaser is received upon the initial sale of the receivable. 
 
 million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, was classified as current. million and million, respectively. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

E. 
 Work in process Raw materials Total 

F. 
 Foreign currency translation other ) Balance September 28, 2024 
 million relating to the Infrastructure business was reclassified to assets held for sale as of December 30, 2023. The Infrastructure goodwill amount was included in the determination of the impairment charges recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024 to adjust the carrying amount of Infrastructure's long-lived assets to its estimated fair value less selling costs prior to the sale of the business in the second quarter of 2024. Refer to Note Q, Divestitures, 
 
 11 

G. 
 ) ) Notes payable due 2026 ) ) Notes payable due 2026 ) Notes payable due 2026 Notes payable due 2026 ) Notes payable due 2028 ) ) Notes payable due 2028 Notes payable due 2028 ) ) Notes payable due 2028 ) Notes payable due 2030 ) ) Notes payable due 2032 ) ) Notes payable due 2040 ) ) ) Notes payable due 2048 ) ) Notes payable due 2050 ) ) Notes payable due 2060 (junior subordinated) ) Other, payable in varying amounts 2024 through 2027 - 
 Total Long-term debt, including current maturities ) ) ) Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 1 Unamortized gain/(loss) associated with interest rate swaps are more fully discussed in Note H, Financial Instruments. 
 The Company has a billion commercial paper program which includes Euro denominated borrowings in addition to U.S. Dollars. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had commercial paper borrowings outstanding of million, of which million in Euro denominated commercial paper was designated as a net investment hedge. As of December 30, 2023, the Company had billion of borrowings outstanding, of which million in Euro denominated commercial paper was designated as a net investment hedge. Refer to Note H, Financial Instruments , for further discussion. 
 
 In June 2024, the Company amended and restated its existing billion committed credit facility with the concurrent execution of a new billion committed credit facility (the -Year Credit Agreement ). Borrowings under the -Year Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars, Euros or Pounds Sterling. A sub-limit of an amount equal to the Euro equivalent of million is designated for swing line advances. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and specific terms of the -Year Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the -Year Credit Agreement by the earlier of June 28, 2029 or upon termination. The -Year Credit Agreement is designated to be a liquidity back-stop for the Company's billion U.S. Dollar and Euro commercial paper program. As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had t drawn on its committed credit facility. 
 
 In June 2024, the Company terminated its -Day billion committed credit facility ("the 2023 Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement") dated September 2023. There were outstanding borrowings under the 2023 Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement upon termination and as of December 30, 2023. Contemporaneously, the Company entered into a new billion syndicated -Day Credit Agreement (the "2024 Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement") which is a revolving credit loan. The borrowings under the 2024 Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars or Euros and bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and pursuant to the terms of the 2024 Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the 2024 Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement by the earlier of June 27, 2025 or upon termination. The Company may, however, convert all advances outstanding upon termination into a term loan that shall be repaid in full no later than the first anniversary of the termination date provided that the Company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. The 
 12 

-Day Credit Agreement serves as part of the liquidity back-stop for the Company s billion U.S. Dollar and Euro commercial paper program. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had t drawn on its 2024 Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement . 
 
 The -Year Credit Agreement and the 2024 Syndicated -Day Credit Agreement, as described above, contain customary affirmative and negative covenants, including but not limited to, maintenance of an interest coverage ratio. The interest coverage ratio tested for covenant compliance compares adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization to adjusted net Interest Expense ("Adjusted EBITDA"/"Adjusted Net Interest Expense"). The Company must maintain, for each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company, an interest coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00, provided that the Company is only required to maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than (i) to 1.00 for any four quarter period ending on or before the end of the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2024, and (ii) to 1.00 for any four quarter period ending after the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2024 through and including the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2025. For purposes of calculating the Company s compliance with the interest coverage ratio, as defined in each credit agreement, the Company is permitted to increase EBITDA to allow for additional adjustment addbacks incurred prior to the end of the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2025, provided that (A) the sum of the applicable adjustment addbacks incurred through and including the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2024 may not exceed million in the aggregate, and (B) the sum of the applicable adjustment addbacks incurred from the Company s third fiscal quarter of 2024 through and including the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2025 may not exceed million in the aggregate; provided, further, that the sum of the applicable adjustment addbacks for any four quarter period may not exceed million in the aggregate. 

H. 
 
 Accrued expenses LT other assets LT other liabilities Non-derivative designated as hedging instrument: Net Investment Hedge Short-term borrowings Total designated as hedging instruments Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign Exchange Contracts Other current assets Accrued expenses Total 
 The counterparties to all of the above mentioned financial instruments are major international financial institutions. The Company is exposed to credit risk for net exchanges under these agreements, but not for the notional amounts. The credit risk is limited to the asset amounts noted above. The Company limits its exposure and concentration of risk by contracting with diverse financial institutions and does not anticipate non-performance by any of its counterparties. The Company considers 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 CASH FLOW HEDGES 
 
 There were after-tax mark-to-market losses of million and million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively, reported for cash flow hedge effectiveness in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. An after-tax loss of million is expected to be reclassified to earnings as the hedged transactions occur or as amounts are amortized within the next twelve months. The ultimate amount recognized will vary based on fluctuations of the hedged currencies and interest rates through the maturity dates. 
 
 Interest expense ) Foreign Exchange Contracts ) Cost of sales 
 
 Year-to-Date 2024 (Millions of Dollars) Gain (Loss) Recorded in OCI Classification of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Amounts Excluded from Effectiveness Testing Interest Rate Contracts Interest expense ) Foreign Exchange Contracts ) Cost of sales 
 
 Third Quarter 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Gain (Loss) Recorded in OCI Classification of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Amounts Excluded from Effectiveness Testing Interest Rate Contracts Interest expense ) Foreign Exchange Contracts Cost of sales ) 
 Year-to-Date 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Gain (Loss) Recorded in OCI Classification of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Amounts Excluded from Effectiveness Testing Interest Rate Contracts Interest expense ) Foreign Exchange Contracts Cost of sales ) 
 
 A summary of the pre-tax effect of cash flow hedge accounting on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 is as follows: 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Foreign Exchange Contracts: Hedged Items ) ) Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into Income Interest Rate Swap Agreements: Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into Income 1 
 ) ) 
 Third Quarter 2023 Year-to-Date 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Cost of Sales Interest Expense Cost of Sales Interest Expense Total amount in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in which the effects of the cash flow hedges are recorded Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships: Foreign Exchange Contracts: Hedged Items Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into Income ) ) Interest Rate Swap Agreements: Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI into Income 1 
 ) ) 1 Inclusive of the gain/loss amortization on terminated derivative financial instruments. 
 
 An after-tax loss of million and million were reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings (inclusive of the gain/loss amortization on terminated derivative instruments) during the periods in which the underlying hedged transactions affected earnings for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. An after-tax loss of million and million, respectively were reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings (inclusive of the gain/loss amortization on terminated derivative instruments) during the periods in which the underlying hedged transactions affected earnings for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Interest Rate Contracts: In prior years, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements in order to obtain the lowest cost source of funds within a targeted range of variable to fixed-debt proportions. These swap agreements, which were designated as cash flow hedges, subsequently matured or were terminated and the gain/loss was recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized to interest expense. The cash flows stemming from the maturity or termination of the swaps were previously presented within financing activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company did not have any outstanding forward starting swaps designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 Forward Contracts: Through its global businesses, the Company enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies that give rise to foreign currency risk. The Company and its subsidiaries regularly purchase inventory from subsidiaries with functional currencies different than their own, which creates currency-related volatility in the Company s results of operations. The Company utilizes forward contracts to hedge these forecasted purchases and sales of inventory. Gains and losses reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss are recorded in Cost of sales as the hedged item affects earnings. There are no components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness for these contracts. At September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the notional value of forward currency contracts outstanding is million and million, respectively, maturing on various dates through 2025 and 2024, respectively. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Amortization of gain on terminated swaps ) ) 
 (Millions of Dollars) Third Quarter 2023 Interest Expense Year-to-Date 2023 Interest Expense Total amount in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in which the effects of the fair value hedges are recorded Amortization of gain on terminated swaps ) ) 
 
 A summary of the amounts recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets related to cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 is as follows: 
 September 28, 2024 (Millions of Dollars) Carrying Amount of Hedged Liability (1) 
 Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in the Carrying Amount of the Hedged Liability Current Maturities of Long-Term Debt Terminated Swaps Long-Term Debt Terminated Swaps ) 
 December 30, 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Carrying Amount of Hedged Liability (1) 
 Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in the Carrying Amount of the Hedged Liability Current Maturities of Long-Term Debt Terminated Swaps Long-Term Debt Terminated Swaps ) 
 (1) Represents hedged items no longer designated in qualifying fair value hedging relationships. 
 
 NET INVESTMENT HEDGES 
 
 The Company utilizes net investment hedges to offset the translation adjustment arising from re-measurement of its investment in the assets and liabilities of its foreign subsidiaries. The total after-tax amounts in Accumulated other comprehensive loss were gains of million and million at September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company did not have any net investment hedges with a notional value outstanding. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had Euro denominated commercial paper with a value of million, maturing in 2024, hedging a portion of the Company's Euro denominated net investments. As of December 30, 2023, the Company had Euro denominated commercial paper with a value of million, maturing in 2024, hedging a portion of the Company's Euro denominated net investments. 
 
 Maturing foreign exchange contracts resulted in cash received or paid for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Other, net Cross Currency Swap Other, net Non-derivative designated as Net Investment Hedge ) Other, net 
 
 Year-to-Date 2024 (Millions of Dollars) Total Gain (Loss) Recorded in OCI Excluded Component Recorded in OCI Income Statement Classification Total Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Excluded Component Amortized from OCI to Income Forward Contracts Other, net Cross Currency Swap Other, net Non-derivative designated as Net Investment Hedge ) Other, net 
 Third Quarter 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Total Gain (Loss) Recorded in OCI Excluded Component Recorded in OCI Income Statement Classification Total Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Excluded Component Amortized from OCI to Income Forward Contracts ) Other, net Cross Currency Swap Other, net Non-derivative designated as Net Investment Hedge Other, net 
 Year-to-Date 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Total Gain (Loss) Recorded in OCI Excluded Component Recorded in OCI Income Statement Classification Total Gain (Loss) Reclassified from OCI to Income Excluded Component Amortized from OCI to Income Forward Contracts Other, net Cross Currency Swap ) Other, net Non-derivative designated as Net Investment Hedge Other, net 
 UNDESIGNATED HEDGES 
 
 Foreign Exchange Contracts: Foreign exchange forward contracts are used to reduce risks arising from the change in fair value of certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities (such as affiliate loans, payables and receivables). The objective is to minimize the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on operating results. The total notional amount of the forward contracts outstanding is billion as of September 28, 2024 and billion as of December 30, 2023, maturing on various dates through 2024. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) 

I. ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) ) ) Adjustments related to sales of businesses ) ) Reclassification adjustments to earnings Net other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) Balance - September 28, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 (Millions of Dollars) Currency translation adjustment and other (Losses) gains on cash flow hedges, net of tax Gains on net investment hedges, net of tax Pension (losses) gains, net of tax Total Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments to earnings Net other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance - September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 The Company uses the portfolio method for releasing the stranded tax effects from Accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 
 ) Cost of sales Realized losses on cash flow hedges ) ) Interest expense Total before taxes ) ) Tax effect Income taxes Realized losses on cash flow hedges, net of tax ) ) Amortization of defined benefit pension items: Actuarial losses and prior service costs / credits ) ) Other, net Settlement loss ) ) Other, net Total before taxes ) ) Tax effect Income taxes Amortization of defined benefit pension items, net of tax ) ) 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 J. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) Amortization of net loss (gain) ) ) Settlement / curtailment loss Net periodic pension expense Year-to-Date Pension Benefits Other Benefits U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans All Plans (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) Amortization of net loss (gain) ) ) Settlement / curtailment loss Net periodic pension expense 

K. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Deferred compensation plan investments Derivative assets Derivative liabilities Non-derivative hedging instrument Contingent consideration liability December 30, 2023 Money market fund Deferred compensation plan investments Derivative assets Derivative liabilities Non-derivative hedging instrument Contingent consideration liability 
 Long-term debt, including current portion 
 The money market fund and other investments related to the West Coast Loading Corporation ("WCLC") trust are considered Level 1 instruments within the fair value hierarchy. The deferred compensation plan investments are considered Level 1 instruments and are recorded at their quoted market price. The fair values of the derivative financial instruments in the table above are based on current settlement values. 
 The long-term debt instruments are considered Level 2 instruments and are measured using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the Company s marginal borrowing rates. The differences between the carrying values and fair values of long-term debt are attributable to the stated interest rates differing from the Company's marginal borrowing rates. The fair values of the Company's variable rate short-term borrowings approximate their carrying values at September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023. 
 As part of the Craftsman brand acquisition in March 2017, the Company recorded a contingent consideration liability representing the Company's obligation to make future payments to Transform Holdco, LLC, which operates Sears and Kmart retail locations, of between and on sales of Craftsman products in new Stanley Black Decker channels through March 2032. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company paid million for royalties owed. The Company will continue making future payments quarterly through the second quarter of 2032. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis taking into consideration future sales projections, forecasted payments to Transform Holdco, LLC, based on contractual royalty rates, and the related tax impacts. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability was million and million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. Adjustments to the contingent consideration liability, with the exception of cash payments, are recorded in SG A in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). A basis point reduction in the discount rate would result in an increase to the liability of approximately million as of September 28, 2024. 
 
 A single estimate of fair value results from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and relies heavily on estimates and assumptions. The Company's judgments used to determine the estimated contingent consideration liability discussed above, including estimated future sales projections, can materially impact the Company s results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

L. 
 
 ) ) Facility closures and other ) Total ) ) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recognized net restructuring charges of million and million, respectively, primarily related to severance costs and facility closure charges. The majority of the million of reserves remaining as of September 28, 2024 is expected to be utilized within the next 12 months. 
 Segments: The million of net restructuring charges for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 includes: million in the Tools Outdoor segment; million in the Industrial segment; and million in Corporate. 
 The million of net restructuring charges for the three months ended September 28, 2024 includes: million in the Tools Outdoor segment and million in the Industrial segment. 
 Other, net is primarily comprised of intangible asset amortization expense, currency-related gains or losses, environmental remediation expense, deal costs and related consulting costs, and certain pension gains or losses. Other, net amounted to million and million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The year-over-year decrease is primarily driven by lower write-downs on investments. Other, net amounted to million and million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The year-over-year increase is primarily driven by an environmental remediation reserve adjustment relating to the Centredale site as further discussed in Note O, Contingencies . 
 During 2024, the Company continued its brand prioritization and investment strategy for its major brands, while leveraging certain of its specialty brands in a more focused manner. As a result of these ongoing brand prioritization efforts, and in connection with the preparation of its financial statements for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, the Company tested its indefinite-lived trade names for impairment utilizing a discounted cash flow valuation model. The key assumptions used included discount rates, royalty rates, and perpetual growth rates applied to updated sales projections. The Company determined that the fair values of its indefinite-lived trade names exceeded their respective carrying amounts, with the exception of the Lenox trade name. The Company recognized a million pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge related to this trade name in the third quarter of 2024. Subsequent to this impairment charge, the Lenox carrying value totaled million. The Company intends to continue utilizing this trade name indefinitely, which represented approximately of 2023 net sales for the Tools Outdoor segment. In the third quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a million pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge related to the Irwin and Troy-Bilt trade names. Refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023 for further information. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 M. 
 
 million and income tax expense of million, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of ) and , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024 differs from the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to the recognition of previously unrecognized foreign deferred tax assets, remeasurement of uncertain tax position reserves, tax credits, and state income taxes, partially offset by non-deductible expenses and U.S. tax on foreign earnings. For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the primary drivers are consistent with those discussed above, which in aggregate result in an effective tax rate equivalent to the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 . 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized an income tax benefit from continuing operations of million and million, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of and , respectively. The income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2023 included an incremental interim tax benefit to reflect the impact of a change in the estimated annual effective tax rate to the prior interim year-to-date tax benefit, which reversed in the fourth quarter of 2023. The effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to a tax benefit associated with the intra-entity asset transfer of certain intangible assets, tax on foreign earnings at tax rates different than the U.S. tax rate, state income taxes and tax credits, partially offset by U.S. tax on foreign earnings, non-deductible expenses, and losses for which a tax benefit is not recognized. 
 
 The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and the impact on income tax expense, which may require periodic adjustments, and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized benefit with respect to certain of the Company's unrecognized tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. However, based on the uncertainties associated with finalizing audits with the relevant tax authorities including formal legal proceedings, it is not possible to reasonably estimate the impact of any such change. 

N. 
 
 reportable business segments: Tools Outdoor and Industrial. 
 The Tools Outdoor segment is comprised of the Power Tools Group ("PTG"), Hand Tools, Accessories Storage ("HTAS") and Outdoor Power Equipment ("Outdoor") product lines. The PTG product line includes both professional and consumer products. Professional products, primarily under the DEWALT brand, include professional grade corded and cordless electric power tools and equipment including drills, impact wrenches and drivers, grinders, saws, routers and sanders, as well as pneumatic tools and fasteners including nail guns, nails, staplers and staples, and concrete and masonry anchors. DIY and tradesperson focused products include corded and cordless electric power tools sold primarily under the CRAFTSMAN brand, and consumer home products such as hand-held vacuums, paint tools and cleaning appliances primarily under the BLACK+DECKER brand. The HTAS product line sells hand tools, power tool accessories and storage products. Hand tools include measuring, leveling and layout tools, planes, hammers, demolition tools, clamps, vises, knives, saws, chisels and industrial and automotive tools. Power tool accessories include drill bits, screwdriver bits, router bits, abrasives, saw blades and threading products. Storage products include tool boxes, sawhorses, medical cabinets and engineered storage solution products. The Outdoor product line primarily sells corded and cordless electric lawn and garden products, including hedge trimmers, string trimmers, lawn mowers, pressure washers and related accessories, and gas powered lawn and garden products, including lawn tractors, zero turn ride on mowers, walk behind mowers, snow blowers, residential robotic mowers, utility terrain vehicles (UTVs), hand-held outdoor power equipment, garden tools, and parts and accessories to professionals and consumers under the DEWALT , CRAFTSMAN , CUB CADET , BLACK+DECKER , and HUSTLER brand names. 
 The Industrial segment is comprised of the Engineered Fastening business and the Infrastructure business prior to its sale in April 2024. The Engineered Fastening business primarily sells highly engineered components such as fasteners, fittings and various engineered products, which are designed for specific application across multiple verticals. The product lines include externally threaded fasteners, blind rivets and tools, blind inserts and tools, drawn arc weld studs and systems, engineered plastic and mechanical fasteners, self-piercing riveting systems, precision nut running systems, micro fasteners, high-strength structural fasteners, axel swage, latches, heat shields, pins, and couplings. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial Consolidated Segment Profit Tools Outdoor Industrial Segment Profit Corporate Overhead ) ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) ) Loss on sales of businesses ) Asset impairment charges ) ) ) ) Restructuring charges ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Earnings (Loss) from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) 
 Corporate Overhead includes the corporate overhead element of SG A, which is not allocated to the business segments. 
 The Company recognizes revenue at a point in time from the sale of tangible products or over time depending on when the performance obligation is satisfied. For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the majority of the Company s revenue was recognized at the time of sale. The percent of total segment revenue recognized over time for the Industrial segment for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 was and , respectively. The percent of total segment revenue recognized over time for the Industrial segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 Infrastructure Industrial 
 Industrial Assets held for sale Corporate assets ) ) Consolidated 
 Corporate assets primarily consist of cash, deferred taxes, property, plant and equipment, and right-of-use lease assets. Based on the nature of the Company's cash pooling arrangements, at times the corporate-related cash accounts will be in a net liability position. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Canada Other Americas Europe Asia Consolidated 
 
 O. 
 million for alleged untimely reporting in relation to certain utility bars and miter saws that were subject to voluntary recalls in September 2019 and March 2022, respectively. The Company believes there are defenses to the Division s claims, and has presented its defenses in a meeting with the Division on February 29, 2024 and in a written submission dated March 29, 2024. On April 1, 2024, the Division informed the Company's counsel that the Division intended to recommend that the CPSC refer the matter to the U.S. Department of Justice (the "DOJ"). On May 1, 2024, the Company was informed that the CPSC voted to refer the matter to the DOJ. The Company has not heard anything further from the CPSC or the DOJ in relation to this matter since then and therefore is not in a position to assess the likelihood of any potential loss or adverse effect on its financial condition or to estimate the amount of potential loss, if any, from this matter. 
 The Company previously disclosed that it had identified certain transactions relating to its international operations that may raise compliance questions under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and voluntarily disclosed this information to the DOJ and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Recently, the SEC and DOJ informed the Company that they have each closed their inquiries with no action taken against the Company in connection with these matters. 
 The Company is committed to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance and is continuously focused on ensuring the effectiveness of its policies, procedures, and controls. The Company is in the process, with the assistance of professional advisors, of reviewing and further enhancing relevant policies, procedures, and controls. 
 Class Action Litigation 
 As previously disclosed, on March 24, 2023, a putative class action lawsuit titled Naresh Vissa Rammohan v. Stanley Black Decker, Inc., et al ., Case No. 3:23-cv-00369-KAD (the Rammohan Class Action ), was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut against the Company and certain of the Company s current and former officers and directors. The complaint was filed on behalf of a purported class consisting of all purchasers of Stanley Black Decker common stock between October 28, 2021 and July 28, 2022, inclusive. The complaint asserts violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 based on allegedly false and misleading statements related to consumer demand for the Company s products amid changing COVID-19 trends and macroeconomic conditions. The complaint seeks unspecified damages and an award of costs and expenses. On October 13, 2023, Lead Plaintiff General Retirement System of the City of Detroit filed an Amended Complaint that asserts the same claims and seeks the same forms of relief as the original complaint. The Company intends to vigorously defend this action in all respects and on December 14, 2023 filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint in its entirety. Briefing on that motion concluded on April 5, 2024, and the Company awaits a decision on that motion. Given the early stage of this litigation, at this time, the Company is not in a position to assess the likelihood of any potential loss or adverse effect on its financial condition or to estimate the amount or range of potential losses, if any, from this action. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 active Superfund sites. Current laws potentially impose joint and several liabilities upon each PRP. In assessing its potential liability at these sites, the Company has considered the following: whether responsibility is being disputed, the terms of existing agreements, experience at similar sites, and the Company s volumetric contribution at these sites. 
 The Company s policy is to accrue environmental investigatory and remediation costs for identified sites when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. If no amount in the range of probable loss is considered most likely, the minimum loss in the range is accrued. The amount of liability recorded is based on an evaluation of currently available facts with respect to each individual site and includes such factors as existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, and prior experience in remediation of contaminated sites. The liabilities recorded do not take into account any claims for recoveries from insurance or third parties. As assessments and remediation progress at individual sites, the amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had reserves of million and million, respectively, for remediation activities associated with Company-owned properties, as well as for Superfund sites, for losses that are probable and estimable. Of the September 28, 2024 amount, million is classified as current within Accrued expenses and million as long-term within Other liabilities which is expected to be paid over the estimated remediation period. As of September 28, 2024, the Company's net cash obligations, including the West Coast Loading Corporation ("WCLC") assets discussed below, is million. As of September 28, 2024, the range of environmental remediation costs that is reasonably possible is million to million which is subject to change in the near term. The Company may be liable for environmental remediation of sites it no longer owns. Liabilities have been recorded on those sites in accordance with the Company's policy. 
 West Cost Loading Corporation 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 million in other assets related to funding received by the Environmental Protection Agency EPA and placed in a trust in accordance with the final settlement with the EPA, embodied in a Consent Decree approved by the United States District Court for the Central District of California on July 3, 2013. Per the Consent Decree, Emhart Industries, Inc. (a dissolved and liquidated former indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of The Black Decker Corporation) Emhart has agreed to be responsible for an interim remedy at a site located in Rialto, California and formerly operated by WCLC, a defunct company for which Emhart was alleged to be liable as a successor. The remedy will be funded by (i) the amounts received from the EPA as gathered from multiple parties, and, to the extent necessary, (ii) Emhart's affiliate. The interim remedy requires the construction of a water treatment facility and the treatment of ground water at or around the site for a period of approximately years or more. As of September 28, 2024, the Company's net cash obligation associated with these remediation activities, including WCLC assets, is million. 
 Centredale Site 
 On April 8, 2019, the United States District Court approved a Consent Decree documenting the terms of a settlement between the Company and the United States for reimbursement of EPA's past costs and remediation of environmental contamination found at the Centredale Manor Restoration Project Superfund Site ("Centredale site"), located in North Providence, Rhode Island. Black Decker and Emhart are liable for site clean-up costs under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ("CERCLA") as successors to the liability of Metro-Atlantic, Inc., a former operator at the Centredale site. The Company is complying with the terms of the settlement and has fully reimbursed the EPA for its past costs. Remediation work at the Centredale site remains ongoing. Technical and regulatory issues have arisen in connection with the disposal methods selected and described in the statement of work for contaminated Centredale site soils and sediment. Emhart s contractor is working with the EPA and the Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management RIDEM to develop alternatives. Based on these evolving technical and regulatory discussions, in the second quarter of 2024, the EPA and RIDEM began implementing regulatory changes that suggest that offsite landfill disposal now represents the most probable remedial alternative for the disposal of contaminated Centredale site soils and sediments. Significant open technical and regulatory issues relating to the implementation of this disposal alternative remain, including final EPA and RIDEM approvals, and further developments may result in additional or different remedial actions. Emhart s contractor s assessment of the offsite landfill disposal alternative involves soil and sediment volume estimates that could also change or increase as additional design investigations are performed at the site, which may further impact the remediation process. Emhart has recently entered into a cooperative agreement with the Federal and State Natural Resource Trustees to collectively conduct an assessment of what, if any, Natural Resource Damages may be associated with the contamination at the Centredale Site. Litigation continues in the District Court concerning Phase 3 of the case, which is addressing the potential allocation of liability to other PRPs who may have contributed to contamination of the Centredale site with dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls and other contaminants of concern. Based on the regulatory changes, and remedial developments currently contemplated by the EPA and the State of Rhode Island as described above, the Company increased its reserve for this site by million in the second quarter of 2024. As of September 28, 2024, the Company has reserved million for this site. 
 Lower Passaic River 
 The Company and approximately other companies comprise the Lower Passaic Cooperating Parties Group (the CPG ). The CPG members and other companies are parties to a May 2007 Administrative Settlement Agreement and Order on Consent AOC with the EPA to perform a remedial investigation/feasibility study RI/FS of the lower miles of the Lower Passaic River in New Jersey (the River ). The Company s potential liability stems from former operations in Newark, New Jersey. The CPG has substantially completed the RI/FS for the entire -mile River. The Company s estimated costs related to the RI/FS are included in its environmental reserves. 
 Lower Miles 
 On April 11, 2014, the EPA issued a Focused Feasibility Study FFS and proposed plan which addressed various early action remediation alternatives for the lower miles of the River. On March 4, 2016, the EPA issued a Record of Decision ("ROD") selecting the remedy for the lower miles of the River, which will include the removal of million cubic yards of sediment, placement of a cap over the entire lower miles of the River, and, according to the EPA, will cost approximately billion and take years to implement after the remedial design is completed. On September 30, 2016, Occidental Chemical Corporation ("OCC") entered into an agreement with the EPA to perform the remedial design for the cleanup plan for the lower miles of the River. OCC has submitted the final remedial design, which was approved by EPA in May 2024. On June 30, 2018, OCC filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against over companies, including the Company, seeking CERCLA cost recovery or contribution for past costs relating to various investigations and cleanups OCC has conducted or is conducting in connection with the River. According to the complaint, OCC has incurred or is incurring costs which include the estimated cost million) to complete the remedial design for the cleanup plan for the lower miles of the River. OCC also seeks a declaratory judgment to hold the defendants liable for their proper shares of future response costs for OCC's ongoing activities in connection with the River. The Company and other defendants have answered the complaint and have been engaged in discovery with OCC. On February 24, 2021, the Company and other 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 municipalities to require those entities to pay their equitable share of response costs. On December 20, 2022, various defendants (including the Company) in the OCC litigation filed an unopposed motion to stay the litigation for six months which was granted by the Court on March 1, 2023 and has been extended while the Court considers the Consent Decree filed by the United States, as discussed below. 
 The Company and other parties received a letter dated March 31, 2016 from the EPA notifying such parties of potential liability for the costs of the cleanup of the lower miles of the River. In a March 30, 2017 letter, the EPA stated that parties who did not discharge dioxins, furans or polychlorinated biphenyls (which are considered the contaminants of concern posing the greatest risk to human health or the environment) may be eligible for cash out settlement, but expected those parties' allocation to be determined through a complex settlement analysis using a third-party allocator. The EPA subsequently clarified this statement to say that such parties would be eligible to be "funding parties" for the lower mile remedial action with each party's share of the costs determined by the EPA based on the allocation process and the remaining parties would be "work parties" for the remedial action. The Company participated in the allocation process and asserted that it did not discharge dioxins, furans or polychlorinated biphenyls and should be eligible to be a "funding party" for the lower mile remedial action. The allocator selected by the EPA issued a confidential allocation report on December 28, 2020, which was reviewed by the EPA. As a result of the allocation process, on February 11, 2022, the EPA and certain parties (including the Company) reached an agreement in principle for a cash-out settlement for remediation of the entire -mile Lower Passaic River. On December 16, 2022, the United States lodged a Consent Decree with the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey in United States v. Alden Leeds, Inc. et al. (No. 2:22-cv-07326) that addressed the liability of parties (including the Company) for an aggregate amount of million based in part on the EPA-sponsored allocation report that found OCC responsible for the cleanup costs of the River. The Consent Decree was subject to a 90-day public comment period, which ended March 22, 2023. On November 21, 2023, the United States informed the Court that it concluded, based on the public comments, that a small number of parties (not including the Company) should be removed from the settlement and that a change should be made to the United States reservation of rights (which was agreed to by the remaining settling parties). On January 17, 2024, the United States filed the modified Consent Decree with the Court and filed its motion to enter the modified Consent Decree on January 31, 2024. On April 1, 2024, the settling defendants (including the Company) and certain other parties filed briefs in support of, and OCC filed a brief in opposition to, the motion to enter the modified Consent Decree. The Court will enter or disapprove the modified Consent Decree after the motion is fully briefed. 
 Upper Miles 
 On October 10, 2018, the EPA issued a letter directing the CPG to prepare a streamlined feasibility study for the upper miles of the River based on an iterative approach using adaptive management strategies. The CPG submitted a draft Interim Remedy Feasibility Study to the EPA on December 4, 2020, which identified various targeted dredge and cap alternatives with costs that range from million to million (net present value). The EPA issued the Interim Remedy ROD on September 28, 2021, selecting an alternative that the EPA estimates will cost million (net present value). 
 On March 2, 2023, the EPA issued a Unilateral Administrative Order requiring OCC to design the interim remedy for the upper miles of the River (the 2023 UAO ). Notwithstanding the stay of the litigation commenced in 2018 (and two days after the public comment period on the Consent Decree closed), OCC filed a complaint named Occidental Chem. Corp. v. Givaudan Fragrances Corp., et al. , No. 2:23 cv-1699 at 2, 5 (D.N.J. Mar. 24, 2023) (the 2023 Litigation against parties (not including the Company) for recovery of past and future response costs it will incur in complying with the 2023 UAO. All of the defendants named in the 2023 Litigation are also defendants or third-party defendants in the litigation commenced in 2018. 
 Maxus Bankruptcy Settlement 
 Pursuant to a settlement agreement by and among the Maxus Liquidating Trust, YPF and Repsol submitted to the bankruptcy court on April 7, 2023, YPF and Repsol will jointly pay a combined sum of million to various creditors. Based on the waterfall payout of the bankruptcy plan, the CPG received approximately million, which will be used either to offset future CPG costs, including EPA RI/FS oversight and legal and administrative costs, or to reimburse CPG members for a portion of their past contributions to the RI/FS costs. 
 At this time, the Company cannot reasonably estimate its liability related to the litigation and remediation efforts as discussed above, excluding the RI/FS, as the OCC litigation is pending and the EPA settlement process has not been completed and requires court approval. 
 Kerr McGee 
 Per the terms of a Final Order and Judgment approved by the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida on January 22, 1991, Emhart is responsible for a percentage of remedial costs arising out of the Kerr McGee Chemical Corporation Superfund Site located in Jacksonville, Florida. On March 15, 2017, the Company received formal notification from the EPA 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million for this site. 
 The amount recorded for the aforementioned identified contingent liabilities is based on estimates. Amounts recorded are reviewed periodically and adjusted to reflect additional technical and legal information that becomes available. Actual costs to be incurred in future periods may vary from the estimates, given the inherent uncertainties in evaluating certain exposures. Subject to the imprecision in estimating future contingent liability costs, the Company does not expect that any sum it may have to pay in connection with these environmental matters in excess of the amounts recorded will have a materially adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

P. 

Lease liabilities Weighted-average incremental borrowing rate 
 Weighted-average remaining term 
 years years 
 
 Right-of-use assets are included within Other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, while lease liabilities are included within Accrued expenses and Other liabilities , as appropriate. The Company determines its incremental borrowing rate based on interest rates from its debt issuances, taking into consideration adjustments for collateral, lease terms and foreign currency. 
 
 The Company has arrangements with third-party financial institutions that offer voluntary supply chain finance ("SCF") programs. These arrangements enable certain of the Company s suppliers, at the supplier s sole discretion, to sell receivables due from the Company to the financial institutions on terms directly negotiated with the financial institutions. The Company negotiates commercial terms with its suppliers, including prices, quantities, and payment terms, regardless of suppliers decisions to finance the receivables due from the Company under these SCF programs. The Company has no economic interest in a supplier s decision to participate in these SCF programs, and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions, as it relates to these SCF programs. The amounts due to the financial institutions for suppliers that voluntarily participate in these SCF programs were presented within Accounts payable on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and totaled million and million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 As of September 28, 2024, the Company had unrecognized commitments that require the future purchase of goods or services (unconditional purchase obligations) to provide it with access to products and services at competitive prices. These obligations consist of supplier agreements with long-term minimum material purchase requirements and freight forwarding arrangements with minimum quantity commitments. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had unconditional purchase obligations of million, consisting of million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and million in 2028. 

28 

Table of Contents 

Standby letters of credit Up to 
 Commercial customer financing arrangements Up to 
 Total 
 The Company has guaranteed a portion of the residual values associated with certain of its variable rate leases. The lease guarantees are for an amount up to million while the fair value of the underlying assets is estimated at million. The related assets would be available to satisfy the guarantee obligations. 
 
 The Company has issued million in standby letters of credit that guarantee future payments which may be required under certain insurance programs and in relation to certain environmental remediation activities described more fully in Note O, Contingencies . 
 
 The Company provides various limited and full recourse guarantees to financial institutions that provide financing to U.S. and Canadian Mac Tool distributors and franchisees for their initial purchase of the inventory and trucks necessary to function as a distributor and franchisee. In addition, the Company provides limited and full recourse guarantees to financial institutions that extend credit to certain end retail customers of its U.S. Mac Tool distributors and franchisees. The gross amount guaranteed in these arrangements is million and the million carrying value of the guarantees issued is recorded in Other liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company provides warranties on certain products across its businesses. The types of product warranties offered generally range from to limited lifetime. There are also certain products with no warranty. Further, the Company sometimes incurs discretionary costs to service its products in connection with product performance issues. Historical warranty and service claim experience forms the basis for warranty obligations recognized. Adjustments are recorded to the warranty liability as new information becomes available. 
 
 Warranties and guarantees issued Warranty payments and currency ) ) Balance end of period 

Q. 
 
 million. The Company received proceeds of million at closing, net of customary adjustments and costs. As of December 30, 2023, the assets and liabilities related to the Infrastructure business were classified as held for sale on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. This divestiture did not qualify for discontinued operations and therefore, its results were included in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in continuing operations through the date of sale. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 million and million in the first quarter of 2024 and fourth quarter of 2023, respectively, to adjust the carrying amount of the long-lived assets of the Infrastructure business to its estimated fair value less the costs to sell. 
 
 Accounts and notes receivable, net Inventories, net Other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangibles, net Other assets Total assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion contains statements reflecting the Company's views about its future performance that constitute forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. There are a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. Please read the information under the caption entitled Cautionary Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995." 
 Throughout this Management's Discussion and Analysis MD A ), references to Notes refer to the "Notes To Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" in Part 1, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless otherwise indicated. 
 BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 Strategy 
 The Company is a global provider of hand tools, power tools, outdoor products and related accessories, as well as a leading provider of engineered fastening solutions. The Company continues to execute its long-term business strategy focused on organic growth in excess of the market and industry, geographic and customer diversification to foster sustainable revenue, earnings and cash flow growth. In recent years, the Company has re-shaped its portfolio to focus on its leading positions in the tools outdoor and engineered fastening markets. Leveraging the benefits of a more focused portfolio, the Company initiated a business transformation in mid-2022 that includes reinvestment for faster growth as well as a 2.0 billion Global Cost Reduction Program through 2025. The Company s primary areas of multi-year strategic focus remain unchanged as follows: 
 
 Advancing innovation, electrification and global market penetration to achieve organic revenue growth of 2 to 3 times the market; 
 Streamlining and simplifying the organization, and investing in initiatives that more directly impact the Company's customers and end users; 
 Returning adjusted gross margins to historical 35 + levels by accelerating the operations and supply chain transformation to improve fill rates and better match inventory with customer demand; and 
 Prioritizing cash flow generation and inventory optimization. 
 In terms of capital allocation, the Company remains committed, over time, to returning excess capital to shareholders through a strong and growing dividend as well as opportunistically repurchasing shares. In the near term, the Company intends to direct any capital in excess of the quarterly dividend on its common stock toward debt reduction and internal growth investments. 
 Common Stock And Other Securities 
 In April 2021, the Board of Directors approved repurchases by the Company of its outstanding securities other than common stock up to an aggregate amount of 3.0 billion. No repurchases have been executed pursuant to this authorization to date. 
 Divestitures 
 On April 1, 2024, the Company sold its Infrastructure business to Epiroc AB for net proceeds of 728.5 million. The Company used the net proceeds to reduce debt in the second quarter of 2024. 
 Refer to Note Q, Divestitures , for further discussion. 
 Global Cost Reduction Program 
 In mid-2022, the Company launched a program comprised of a series of initiatives designed to generate cost savings by resizing the organization and reducing inventory with the ultimate objective of driving long-term growth, improving profitability and generating strong cash flow. These initiatives are expected to optimize the cost base as well as provide a platform to fund investments to accelerate growth in the core businesses. The program consists of a selling, general, and administrative ("SG A") planned pre-tax run-rate cost savings of 500 million and a supply chain transformation expected to deliver 1.5 billion of pre-tax run-rate cost savings by the end of 2025 to achieve projected 35 + adjusted gross margins. 
 The SG A cost savings are generated by simplifying the corporate structure, optimizing organizational spans and layers and reducing indirect spend. These savings will help fund 300 million to 500 million of innovation and commercial investments through 2025 designed to accelerate organic growth. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 The 1.5 billion of pre-tax run-rate cost savings from the supply chain transformation will be driven by the following value streams: 
 
 Strategic Sourcing: Implementing capabilities to source in a more efficient and integrated manner across all of the Company s businesses and leveraging contract manufacturing; 
 Operational Excellence: Leveraging the SBD Operating Model and re-designing in-plant operations following footprint rationalization to deliver incremental efficiencies, simplified organizational design and inventory optimization; 
 Footprint Rationalization: Transforming the Company s manufacturing and distribution network from a decentralized and inefficient system of sites built through years of acquisitions to a strategically focused supply chain, inclusive of site closures, transformations of existing sites into manufacturing centers of excellence and re-configuration of the distribution network; and 
 Complexity Reduction: Reducing complexity through platforming products and implementing initiatives to drive a SKU reduction. 
 
 The charges associated with the supply chain transformation are reflected in the Non-GAAP adjustments detailed below in "Results From Operations" and the full year estimate of Non-GAAP adjustments detailed below in "2024 Outlook". The cash investment required to achieve the estimated 1.5 billion of pre-tax run-rate supply chain cost savings is expected to be approximately 0.9 billion to 1.1 billion, of which approximately 40 is expected to be capital expenditures. Through 2023, the Company has made approximately 0.2 billion of these cash investments. The Company will continue prioritizing capital expenditures consistent with its existing approach and expects total capital expenditures, inclusive of the supply chain transformation, to be 325 million to 375 million for 2024 and to approximate 3.0 of net sales annually in 2025 and beyond. 
 During the first nine months of 2024 and since inception of the program, the Company has generated approximately 400 million and 1.4 billion, respectively, of pre-tax run-rate savings, driven by lower headcount, indirect spend reductions and the supply chain transformation. These savings are comprised of supply chain efficiency benefits, which support gross margin improvements as the benefits turn through inventory, and SG A savings. The Company believes that it is on track to grow to approximately 2 billion of pre-tax run-rate savings by year-end 2025. In addition, the Company has reduced inventory by approximately 2.0 billion since the end of the second quarter of 2022 and expects further inventory and working capital reductions to support free cash flow generation in 2024. 
 
 Segments 
 The Company s operations are classified into two reportable business segments: Tools Outdoor and Industrial. Both reportable segments have significant international operations and are exposed to translational and transactional impacts from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 Tools Outdoor 
 The Tools Outdoor segment is comprised of the Power Tools Group ("PTG"), Hand Tools, Accessories Storage ("HTAS"), and Outdoor Power Equipment ("Outdoor") product lines. Annual revenues in the Tools Outdoor segment were 13.4 billion in 2023, representing 85 of the Company s total revenues. 
 The PTG product line includes both professional and consumer products. Professional products, primarily under the DEWALT brand, include professional grade corded and cordless electric power tools and equipment including drills, impact wrenches and drivers, grinders, saws, routers and sanders, as well as pneumatic tools and fasteners including nail guns, nails, staplers and staples, and concrete and masonry anchors. DIY and tradesperson focused products include corded and cordless electric power tools sold primarily under the CRAFTSMAN brand, and consumer home products such as hand-held vacuums, paint tools and cleaning appliances primarily under the BLACK+DECKER brand. 
 The HTAS product line sells hand tools, power tool accessories and storage products. Hand tools include measuring, leveling and layout tools, planes, hammers, demolition tools, clamps, vises, knives, saws, chisels and industrial and automotive tools. Power tool accessories include drill bits, screwdriver bits, router bits, abrasives, saw blades and threading products. Storage products include tool boxes, sawhorses, medical cabinets and engineered storage solution products. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The Outdoor product line primarily sells corded and cordless electric lawn and garden products, including hedge trimmers, string trimmers, lawn mowers, pressure washers and related accessories, and gas powered lawn and garden products, including lawn tractors, zero turn ride on mowers, walk behind mowers, snow blowers, residential robotic mowers, utility terrain vehicles (UTVs), hand-held outdoor power equipment, garden tools, and parts and accessories to professionals and consumers under the DEWALT , CRAFTSMAN , CUB CADET , BLACK+DECKER , and HUSTLER brand names. 
 
 Industrial 
 The Industrial segment is comprised of the Engineered Fastening business and the Infrastructure business prior to its sale in April 2024. Annual revenues in the Industrial segment, inclusive of the Infrastructure business, were 2.4 billion in 2023, representing 15 of the Company s total revenues. 
 The Engineered Fastening business primarily sells highly engineered components such as fasteners, fittings and various engineered products, which are designed for specific application across multiple verticals. The product lines include externally threaded fasteners, blind rivets and tools, blind inserts and tools, drawn arc weld studs and systems, engineered plastic and mechanical fasteners, self-piercing riveting systems, precision nut running systems, micro fasteners, high-strength structural fasteners, axel swage, latches, heat shields, pins, and couplings. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 As previously discussed, the Company sold its Infrastructure business on April 1, 2024. This divestiture did not qualify for discontinued operations and therefore, its results were included in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) in continuing operations through the date of sale. 
 Certain Items Impacting Earnings and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The Company has provided a discussion of its results both inclusive and exclusive of certain gains and charges. The results and measures, including gross profit, SG A, Other, net, Income taxes, and segment profit (including Corporate Overhead), on a basis excluding certain gains and charges, free cash flow, organic revenue and organic growth are Non-GAAP financial measures. The Company considers the use of Non-GAAP financial measures relevant to aid analysis and understanding of the Company s results and business trends aside from the material impact of these items and ensures appropriate comparability to operating results of prior periods. Supplemental Non-GAAP information should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures presented herein may differ from similar measures used by other companies. 
 With the exception of forecasted free cash flow included in 2024 Outlook as discussed below, the Non-GAAP financial measures of gross profit, SG A, Other, net, Income taxes, and segment profit (including Corporate Overhead), presented on a basis excluding certain gains and charges, as well as free cash flow, organic revenue and organic growth are defined and reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures below. Due to high variability and difficulty in predicting items that impact cash flow from operations, a reconciliation of forecasted free cash flow to its most directly comparable GAAP estimate has been omitted. The Company believes such a reconciliation would also imply a degree of precision that is inappropriate for this forward-looking measure. 
 
 The Company s operating results at the consolidated level as discussed below include and exclude certain gains and charges impacting gross profit, SG A, Other, net, and Income taxes. The Company s business segment results as discussed below include and exclude certain gains and charges impacting gross profit and SG A. These amounts for the third quarter and year-to-date periods of 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 
 
 Third Quarter 2024 
 (Millions of Dollars) GAAP Non-GAAP Adjustments 2 
 Non-GAAP Gross profit 1,120.6 24.8 1,145.4 Selling, general and administrative 1 
 797.1 (15.1) 782.0 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 89.5 105.9 195.4 Income taxes on continuing operations (1.6) 12.0 10.4 Net earnings from continuing operations 91.1 93.9 185.0 Diluted earnings per share of common stock - Continuing operations 0.60 0.62 1.22 
 
 Year-To-Date 2024 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 (Millions of Dollars) GAAP Non-GAAP Adjustments 2 
 Non-GAAP Gross profit 3,370.3 72.7 3,443.0 Selling, general and administrative 1 
 2,477.5 (62.8) 2,414.7 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 115.7 416.7 532.4 Income taxes on continuing operations 24.3 74.4 98.7 Net earnings from continuing operations 91.4 342.3 433.7 Diluted earnings per share of common stock - Continuing operations 0.60 2.27 2.87 
 
 Third Quarter 2023 (Millions of Dollars) GAAP Non-GAAP Adjustments 2 
 Non-GAAP Gross profit 1,060.6 32.2 1,092.8 Selling, general and administrative 1 
 794.3 (29.4) 764.9 (Loss) earnings from continuing operations before income taxes (57.0) 191.0 134.0 Income taxes on continuing operations (61.7) 37.5 (24.2) Net earnings from continuing operations 4.7 153.5 158.2 Diluted earnings per share of common stock - Continuing operations 0.03 1.02 1.05 
 
 Year-To-Date 2023 (Millions of Dollars) GAAP Non-GAAP Adjustments 2 
 Non-GAAP Gross profit 2,828.2 157.0 2,985.2 Selling, general and administrative 1 
 2,456.7 (75.5) 2,381.2 (Loss) earnings from continuing operations before income taxes (296.9) 368.9 72.0 Income taxes on continuing operations (291.3) 282.6 (8.7) Net (loss) earnings from continuing operations (5.6) 86.3 80.7 Diluted (loss) earnings per share of common stock - Continuing operations (0.04) 0.58 0.54 1 Includes provision for credit losses 
 2 Refer to table below for additional detail of the Non-GAAP adjustments 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Below is a summary of the pre-tax Non-GAAP adjustments for the third quarter and year-to-date periods of 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Third Quarter Year-to-Date (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Supply Chain Transformation Costs: Footprint Rationalization 1 
 25.4 7.7 57.8 88.3 Strategic Sourcing Operational Excellence 2 
 (1.0) 23.9 12.4 68.7 Facility-related costs 0.3 0.2 2.6 1.1 Other charges (gains) 0.1 0.4 (0.1) (1.1) Gross Profit 24.8 32.2 72.7 157.0 Supply Chain Transformation Costs: Footprint Rationalization 1 
 13.4 4.6 34.0 8.4 Complexity Reduction Operational Excellence 2.0 1.2 6.2 8.0 Acquisition integration-related costs 3 
 2.4 11.5 9.1 24.0 Transition services costs related to previously divested businesses 4.6 11.3 14.8 37.0 Other charges (gains) (7.3) 0.8 (1.3) (1.9) Selling, general and administrative 15.1 29.4 62.8 75.5 Other, net 4 
 (1.3) (5.5) (10.2) (22.8) Loss on sales of businesses 7.6 Asset impairment charges 5 
 46.9 124.0 72.4 124.0 Environmental charges 6 
 (1.7) 152.1 Restructuring charges 7 
 22.1 10.9 66.9 27.6 Earnings from continuing operations before income taxes 105.9 191.0 416.7 368.9 
 
 1 Footprint Rationalization costs in 2024 primarily relate to accelerated depreciation of manufacturing and distribution center equipment of 45.2 million and other facility exit and re-configuration costs of 31.3 million. In 2023, transfers and closures of targeted manufacturing sites, including Fort Worth, Texas and Cheraw, South Carolina as previously announced in March 2023, resulted in accelerated depreciation of production equipment of 45.3 million and non-cash asset write-downs of 41.2 million (predominantly tooling, raw materials and WIP). 2 Strategic Sourcing Operational Excellence costs in 2023 primarily relate to third-party consultant fees to provide expertise in identifying and quantifying opportunities to source in a more integrated manner and re-design in-plant operations following footprint rationalization, developing a detailed program and related governance, and assisting the Company with the implementation of actions necessary to achieve the related objectives. 3 Acquisition integration-related costs primarily relate to the MTD and Excel acquisitions, including costs to integrate the organizations and shared processes, as well as harmonize key IT applications and infrastructure. 4 Includes deal-related costs, net of income related to providing transition services to previously divested businesses. 5 Asset impairment charges in 2024 include a 41.0 million pre-tax impairment charge related to the Lenox trade name, a 25.5 million pre-tax impairment charge related to the Infrastructure business, and a 5.9 million pre-tax impairment charge related to a small Industrial business. The 124.0 million pre-tax asset impairment charge in 2023 related to the Irwin and Troy-Bilt trade names. 6 The 152.1 million pre-tax environmental charges in 2024 related primarily to a reserve adjustment for the non-active Centredale site as a result of regulatory changes and revisions to remediation alternatives. Refer to Note O, Contingencies , for further discussion. 
 7 Refer to Restructuring Activities below for further discussion. 

Below is a summary of the Company s operating results at the consolidated level, followed by an overview of business segment performance. Organic growth is utilized to describe the Company's results excluding the impacts of foreign currency fluctuations, acquisitions during their initial 12 months of ownership, and divestitures. 
 
 Consolidated Results 
 
 Net Sales: Net sales were 3.751 billion in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 3.954 billion in the third quarter of 2023, representing a decreas e of 5 as a 1 increase in price was more than offset by a 3 decrease in volume, a 2 decrease from the Infrastructure divestiture and a 1 decrease from foreign currency. Tools Outdoor net sales decreased 3 compared to the third quarter of 2023 as a 1 increase in price was more than offset by a 3 decrease in volume and 1 decrease from 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 foreign currency. Industrial net sales decreased 18 compared to the third quarter of 2023 as a 17 decrease from the Infrastructure divestiture and a 2 decrease in volume was partially offset by a 1 increase in price. 
 
 Net sales were 11.645 billion in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 12.045 billion in the first nine months of 2023, representing a decrease of 3 driven by a 2 decrease from the Infrastructure divestiture and a 1 decrease in volume. Tools Outdoor net sales decreased 1 compared to the first nine months of 2023 driven by a 1 decrease in volume. Industrial net sales decreased 14 compared to the first nine months of 2023 as a 12 decrease from the Infrastructure divestiture, a 2 decrease in volume and a 1 decrease from foreign currency was partially offset by a 1 increase in price. 
 
 Gross Profit: Gross profit was 1.121 billion, or 29.9 of net sales, in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 1.061 billion, or 26.8 of net sales, in the third quarter of 2023. Non-GAAP adjustments, which reduced gross profit, were 24.8 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and 32.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Excluding these adjustments, gross profit was 30.5 of net sales for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 27.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to supply chain transformation benefits. 
 
 Gross profit was 3.370 billion, or 28.9 of net sales, in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2.828 billion, or 23.5 of net sales, in the first nine months of 2023. Non-GAAP adjustments, which reduced gross profit, were 72.7 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and 157.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Excluding these adjustments, gross profit was 29.6 of net sales for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 24.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower inventory destocking costs, supply chain transformation benefits and lower shipping costs. 
 
 SG A Expenses: SG A, inclusive of the provision for credit losses, was 797.1 million, or 21.2 of net sales, in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 794.3 million, or 20.1 of net sales, in the third quarter of 2023. Within SG A, Non-GAAP adjustments totaled 15.1 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and 29.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Excluding these adjustments, SG A was 20.8 of net sales for the three months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 19.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, as the Company increased growth investments designed to deliver future market share gains. 
 
 SG A, inclusive of the provision for credit losses, was 2.478 billion, or 21.3 of net sales, in the first nine months of 2024, compared to 2.457 billion, or 20.4 of net sales, in the first nine months of 2023. Within SG A, Non-GAAP adjustments totaled 62.8 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and 75.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Excluding these adjustments, SG A was 20.7 of net sales for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 19.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, driven by the same factors discussed above that impacted the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Distribution center costs (i.e. warehousing and fulfillment facility and associated labor costs) are classified within SG A. This classification may differ from other companies who may report such expenses within cost of sales. Due to diversity in practice, to the extent the classification of these distribution costs differs from other companies, the Company s gross margins may not be comparable. Such distribution costs classified in SG A amounted to 134.4 million and 396.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and 132.7 million and 392.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Other, net: Other, net totaled 86.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 94.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. Excluding Non-GAAP adjustments, Other, net, totaled 89.4 million and 99.5 million in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The year-over-year decrease is primarily driven by lower write-downs on investments. 
 
 Other, net totaled 392.9 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 224.3 million in the first nine months of 2023. The year-over-year increase was driven by environmental remediation reserve adjustments. Excluding Non-GAAP adjustments, Other, net totaled 251.0 million and 247.1 million for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Refer to Note O, Contingencies , for additional information on the environmental remediation reserve adjustment relating to the Centredale site. 
 
 Loss on Sales of Businesses : During the first nine months of 2023, the Company reported a pre-tax loss of 7.6 million primarily related to the divestiture of a small business in the Industrial segment. 
 
 Asset Impairment Charges : During the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge of 41.0 million related to the Lenox trade name. Refer to Note M, Restructuring Charges and Other Costs , for additional information. In addition, the Company recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of 5.9 million related to a small business in the Industrial segment. In the third quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a 124.0 million pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge related to the Irwin and Troy-Bilt trade names. Refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023 for further information. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 During the first quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of 25.5 million related to the Infrastructure business. Refer to Note Q, Divestitures , for additional information on the divestiture of the Infrastructure business completed in the second quarter of 2024. 
 
 Interest, net: Net interest expense was 78.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 94.4 million in the third quarter of 2023. On a year-to-date basis, net interest expense was 244.9 million in 2024 and 284.9 million in 2023. The year-over-year decreases were primarily driven by lower commercial paper balances in 2024. 
 
 Income Taxes: For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recognized an income tax benefit from continuing operations of 1.6 million and income tax expense of 24.3 million, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of (1.8) and 21.0 , respectively. Excluding the tax effect on Non-GAAP adjustments, for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recognized income tax expense on continuing operations of 10.4 million and 98.7 million, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of 5.3 and 18.5 , respectively. These effective tax rates for the three months ended September 28, 2024 differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to the recognition of previously unrecognized foreign deferred tax assets, remeasurement of uncertain tax position reserves, tax credits, and state income taxes, partially offset by non-deductible expenses and U.S. tax on foreign earnings. For the nine months ended September 28, 2024, the primary drivers are consistent with those discussed above, which in aggregate result in effective tax rates that approximate the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 . 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized an income tax benefit from continuing operations of 61.7 million and 291.3 million, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of 108.2 and 98.1 , respectively. The income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2023 included an incremental interim tax benefit to reflect the impact of a change in the estimated annual effective tax rate to the prior interim year-to-date tax benefit, which reversed in the fourth quarter of 2023. The effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to a tax benefit associated with the intra-entity asset transfer of certain intangible assets, tax on foreign earnings at tax rates different than the U.S. tax rate, state income taxes and tax credits, partially offset by U.S. tax on foreign earnings, non-deductible expenses and losses for which a tax benefit is not recognized. 
 
 Excluding the tax effect on Non-GAAP adjustments, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized an income tax benefit on continuing operations of 24.2 million and 8.7 million, respectively, resulting in effective tax rates of (18.1) and (12.1) , respectively. The effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 due to the items discussed above. 
 
 Refer to Note M, Income Taxes , for additional information on the impacts in interim periods of changes in the estimated annual effective income tax rate. 
 
 On December 20, 2021, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD published a proposal for the establishment of a global minimum tax rate of 15 Pillar Two"). The Pillar Two rules provide a template that jurisdictions can translate into domestic law to assist with the implementation within an agreed upon timeframe and in a coordinated manner, which became effective for fiscal years beginning after January 1, 2024. To date, jurisdictions in which the Company operates are in various stages of implementation. 
 
 The OECD and other countries continue to publish guidance and legislation which include transition and safe harbor rules. The Company expects to avail itself of the transitional safe harbor rules in most jurisdictions in which the Company operates. There are, however, a limited number of jurisdictions where the transitional safe harbor relief does not apply. The Company expects the Pillar Two tax impact from these jurisdictions to be immaterial to its estimated annual effective rate for 2024 and continues to monitor developments in legislation, regulation, and interpretive guidance in this area. 
 
 Business Segment Results 
 The Company s reportable segments represent businesses that have similar products, services and end markets, among other factors. The Company utilizes segment profit which is defined as net sales minus cost of sales and SG A inclusive of the provision for credit losses (aside from corporate overhead expense), and segment profit as a percentage of net sales to assess the profitability of each segment. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s operations are classified into two reportable business segments: Tools Outdoor and Industrial. 
 Tools Outdoor: 
 Third Quarter Year-to-Date (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 3,263.3 3,355.3 10,076.6 10,212.9 Segment profit 327.5 273.4 899.3 394.1 of Net sales 10.0 8.1 8.9 3.9 
 
 Tools Outdoor net sales decreased 92.0 million, or 3 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 as a 1 price increase was more than offset by a 3 decline in volume and a 1 decrease from foreign currency. Organic revenue declined 2 as growth in DEWALT was offset by the weak consumer and DIY backdrop. Organic revenue decreased 4 in North America, and increased 1 and 6 in Europe and the rest of the world, respectively. 
 
 Tools Outdoor net sales decreased 136.3 million, or 1 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 driven by volume declines. Organic revenue declined 2 in both North America and Europe and increased 6 in the rest of the world. 
 
 Segment profit for the third quarter of 2024 was 327.5 million, or 10.0 of net sales, compared to 273.4 million, or 8.1 of net sales, in the third quarter of 2023. Excluding Non-GAAP adjustments of 35.5 million and 39.4 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, segment profit was 11.1 of net sales in the third quarter of 2024 and 9.3 in the third quarter of 2023. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to supply chain transformation benefits, which were partially offset by growth investments. 
 
 Segment profit for the first nine months of 2024 was 899.3 million, or 8.9 of net sales, compared to 394.1 million, or 3.9 of net sales, in the first nine months of 2023. Excluding Non-GAAP adjustments of 111.0 million and 174.4 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, segment profit was 10.0 of net sales in the first nine months of 2024 and 5.6 in the first nine months of 2023. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to lower inventory destocking costs, supply chain transformation benefits and lower shipping costs, which were partially offset by growth investments. 
 Industrial: 
 Third Quarter Year-to-Date (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 488.0 598.6 1,568.6 1,831.7 Segment profit 70.2 62.5 202.2 201.5 of Net sales 14.4 10.4 12.9 11.0 
 
 Industrial net sales decreased 110.6 million, or 18 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, as a 17 decrease from the Infrastructure divestiture and a 2 decrease in volume was partially offset by a 1 increase in price. Engineered Fastening organic revenues decreased 1 as aerospace expansion and a return to growth in general industrial was more than offset by market softness in automotive. 
 
 Industrial net sales decreased 263.1 million, or 14 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, as a 12 decrease from the Infrastructure divestiture, a 2 decrease in volume and a 1 decrease from foreign currency was partially offset by a 1 increase in price. Engineered Fastening organic revenues increased 2 , primarily due to aerospace growth. 
 
 Industrial segment profit for the third quarter of 2024 totaled 70.2 million, or 14.4 of net sales, compared to 62.5 million, or 10.4 of net sales, in the corresponding 2023 period. Excluding a Non-GAAP gain of 2.6 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and a Non-GAAP charge of 10.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, segment profit amounted to 13.9 of net sales in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 12.2 in the third quarter of 2023. The year-over-year increase was due to price realization and cost control. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Industrial segment profit for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 202.2 million, or 12.9 of net sales, compared to 201.5 million, or 11.0 of net sales, in the corresponding 2023 period. Excluding Non-GAAP adjustments of 3.4 million and 19.3 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, segment profit amounted to 13.1 of net sales in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 12.1 in the first nine months of 2023. The year-over-year increase was driven by the same factors discussed above for the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Corporate Overhead 
 
 Corporate Overhead includes the corporate overhead element of SG A, which is not allocated to the business segments. Corporate Overhead amounted to 74.2 million and 69.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Excluding Non-GAAP adjustments of 7.0 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and 11.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, the corporate overhead element of SG A was 67.2 million and 57.9 million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 On a year-to-date basis, the corporate overhead element of SG A amounted to 208.7 million in 2024 compared to 224.1 million in 2023. Excluding Non-GAAP adjustments of 21.1 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and 38.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the corporate overhead element of SG A was 187.6 million and 185.3 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 RESTRUCTURING ACTIVITIES 
 A summary of the restructuring reserve activity from December 30, 2023 to September 28, 2024 is as follows: 
 (Millions of Dollars) December 30, 2023 Net Additions Usage Currency September 28, 2024 Severance and related costs 25.8 40.5 (35.7) (0.2) 30.4 Facility closures and other 3.1 26.4 (26.0) 3.5 Total 28.9 66.9 (61.7) (0.2) 33.9 
 For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, the Company recognized net restructuring charges of 22.1 million and 66.9 million, respectively, primarily related to severance costs and facility closure charges. The Company expects to achieve annual net cost savings of approximately 122 million by the end of 2025 related to the restructuring costs incurred during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. The majority of the 33.9 million of reserves remaining as of September 28, 2024 is expected to be utilized within the next 12 months. 
 
 Segments: 
 
 The 67 million of net restructuring charges for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 includes: 56 million in the Tools Outdoor segment; 6 million in Industrial; and 5 million in Corporate. 
 
 The 22 million of net restructuring charges for the three months ended September 28, 2024 includes: 21 million in the Tools Outdoor segment and 1 million in the Industrial segment. 
 
 The anticipated annual net cost savings of approximately 122 million related to the 2024 restructuring actions include: 107 million in the Tools Outdoor segment; 6 million in the Industrial segment; and 9 million in Corporate. 

2024 OUTLOOK 
 
 This outlook discussion is intended to provide broad insight into the Company's near-term earnings and cash flow generation prospects. The Company is updating 2024 guidance and expects diluted earnings per share to approximate 1.15 to 1.75 on a GAAP basis, narrowed from 0.90 to 2.00 3.90 to 4.30 excluding Non-GAAP adjustments, narrowed from 3.70 to 4.50). Management is reiterating its target for 2024 free cash flow generation to approximate 650 million to 850 million. 
 
 The difference between 2024 diluted earnings per share outlook and the diluted earnings per share range, excluding Non-GAAP adjustments, is approximately 2.55 to 2.75, consisting primarily of charges related to the supply chain transformation under the Global Cost Reduction Program, environmental reserve adjustments and a brand impairment charge. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity, Sources and Uses of Capital: The Company s primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations and available lines of credit under various credit facilities. 
 
 Operating Activities: Cash flows provided by operations were 285.8 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 443.9 million in the corresponding period of 2023, primarily driven by changes in working capital, partially offset by higher earnings. Year-to-date cash flows provided by operations were 427.8 million in 2024 compared to 422.0 million in 2023, relatively in-line with prior year as higher earnings were partially offset by changes in working capital. 
 
 Free Cash Flow: Free cash flow, as defined in the table below, was an inflow of 199.3 million and 364.0 million in the third quarter of 2024 and the corresponding period of 2023, respectively. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow was 188.4 million and 205.6 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The year-over-year change in free cash flow was primarily due to the same factors discussed above in operating activities, as well as higher planned capital expenditures in the first nine months of 2024. Management considers free cash flow an important indicator of its liquidity and capital efficiency, as well as its ability to fund future growth and provide dividends to shareowners, and is useful information for investors. Free cash flow does not include deductions for mandatory debt service, other borrowing activity, discretionary dividends on the Company s common stock and business acquisitions, among other items. 
 
 Third Quarter Year-to-Date (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 285.8 443.9 427.8 422.0 Less: capital and software expenditures (86.5) (79.9) (239.4) (216.4) Free cash flow 199.3 364.0 188.4 205.6 
 Investing Activities: Cash flows used in investing activities totaled 85.4 million and 76.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily due to capital and software expenditures of 86.5 million and 79.9 million, respectively. 
 Cash flows provided by investing activities totaled 500.8 million in the first nine months of 2024, primarily due to net proceeds from sales of businesses of 735.6 million, partially offset by capital and software expenditures of 239.4 million. Cash flows used in investing activities totaled 206.8 million in the first nine months of 2023, primarily due to capital and software expenditures of 216.4 million. 
 Financing Activities: Cash flows used in financing activities totaled 234.3 million in the third quarter of 2024, primarily driven by cash dividend payments on common stock of 123.6 million and net short-term commercial paper repayments of 121.5 million. Cash flows used in financing activities totaled 387.7 million in the third quarter of 2023, primarily driven by net short-term commercial paper repayments of 266.4 million and cash dividend payments on common stock of 121.3 million. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities totaled 1.054 billion in the first nine months of 2024, primarily driven by net short-term commercial paper repayments of 692.3 million and cash dividend payments on common stock of 367.2 million. Cash flows used in financing activities totaled 239.3 million in the first nine months of 2023, primarily driven by net repayments of short-term commercial paper borrowings of 594.3 million and cash dividend payments on common stock of 360.8 million, partially offset by net proceeds from debt issuances of 745.3 million. 
 
 Credit Ratings Liquidity: 
 
 The Company maintains investment grade credit ratings from the major U.S. rating agencies on its senior unsecured debt (S P A-, Fitch BBB+, Moody's Baa3), as well as its commercial paper program (S P A-2, Fitch F2, Moody's P-3). There were no changes to any of the Company's credit ratings during the first nine months of 2024. Failure to maintain investment grade rating levels could adversely affect the Company s cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets, but would not have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to access its existing committed credit facilities. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents totaled 298.7 million as of September 28, 2024, which was primarily held in foreign jurisdictions. Cash and cash equivalents totaled 449.4 million as of December 30, 2023, of which approximately 50 was held in foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Act"), the Company's tax liability related to the one-time transition tax associated with unremitted foreign earnings and profits totaled 83 million at September 28, 2024. The Act permits a U.S. company to elect to pay the net tax liability interest-free over a period of up to eight years. The Company has considered the implications of paying the required one-time transition tax and believes it will not have a material impact on its liquidity. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The Company has a 3.5 billion commercial paper program which includes Euro denominated borrowings in addition to U.S. Dollars. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had commercial paper borrowings outstanding of 387.3 million, of which 387.1 million in Euro denominated commercial paper was designated as a net investment hedge. As of December 30, 2023, the Company had 1.1 billion of borrowings outstanding, of which 399.7 million in Euro denominated commercial paper was designated as a net investment hedge. Refer to Note H, Financial Instruments , for further discussion. 
 
 In June 2024, the Company amended and restated its existing five-year 2.5 billion committed credit facility with the concurrent execution of a new five year 2.25 billion committed credit facility (the 5-Year Credit Agreement ). Borrowings under the 5-Year Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars, Euros or Pounds Sterling. A sub-limit of an amount equal to the Euro equivalent of 800.0 million is designated for swing line advances. Borrowings bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and specific terms of the 5-Year Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the 5-Year Credit Agreement by the earlier of June 28, 2029 or upon termination. The 5-Year Credit Agreement is designated to be a liquidity back-stop for the Company's 3.5 billion U.S. Dollar and Euro commercial paper program. As of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the Company had not drawn on its five-year committed credit facility. 
 
 In June 2024, the Company terminated its 364-Day 1.5 billion committed credit facility ("the 2023 Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement") dated September 2023. There were no outstanding borrowings under the 2023 Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement upon termination and as of December 30, 2023. Contemporaneously, the Company entered into a new 1.25 billion syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement (the "2024 Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement") which is a revolving credit loan. The borrowings under the 2024 Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement may be made in U.S. Dollars or Euros and bear interest at a floating rate plus an applicable margin dependent upon the denomination of the borrowing and pursuant to the terms of the 2024 Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement. The Company must repay all advances under the 2024 Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement by the earlier of June 27, 2025 or upon termination. The Company may, however, convert all advances outstanding upon termination into a term loan that shall be repaid in full no later than the first anniversary of the termination date provided that the Company, among other things, pays a fee to the administrative agent for the account of each lender. The 2024 Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement serves as part of the liquidity back-stop for the Company s 3.5 billion U.S. Dollar and Euro commercial paper program. As of September 28, 2024, the Company had not drawn on its 2024 Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement . 
 
 The 5-Year Credit Agreement and the 2024 Syndicated 364-Day Credit Agreement, as described above, contain customary affirmative and negative covenants, including but not limited to, maintenance of an interest coverage ratio. The interest coverage ratio tested for covenant compliance compares adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization to adjusted net Interest Expense ("Adjusted EBITDA"/"Adjusted Net Interest Expense"). The Company must maintain, for each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company, an interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.50 to 1.00, provided that the Company is only required to maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than (i) 1.50 to 1.00 for any four quarter period ending on or before the end of the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2024, and (ii) 2.50 to 1.00 for any four quarter period ending after the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2024 through and including the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2025. For purposes of calculating the Company s compliance with the interest coverage ratio, as defined in each credit agreement, the Company is permitted to increase EBITDA to allow for additional adjustment addbacks incurred prior to the end of the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2025, provided that (A) the sum of the applicable adjustment addbacks incurred through and including the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2024 may not exceed 500 million in the aggregate, and (B) the sum of the applicable adjustment addbacks incurred from the Company s third fiscal quarter of 2024 through and including the Company s second fiscal quarter of 2025 may not exceed 250 million in the aggregate; provided, further, that the sum of the applicable adjustment addbacks for any four quarter period may not exceed 500 million in the aggregate. 
 
 In March 2015, the Company entered into a forward share purchase contract with a financial institution counterparty for 3,645,510 shares of common stock. The contract obligates the Company to pay 350 million, plus an additional amount related to the forward component of the contract. In June 2024, the Company amended the settlement date to June 2026, or earlier at the Company's option. 
 
 Refer to Note G, Long-Term Debt and Financing Arrangements , for further discussion of the Company's financing arrangements. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 OTHER MATTERS 
 Critical Accounting Estimates: 
 During 2024, the Company continued its brand prioritization and investment strategy for its major brands, while leveraging certain of its specialty brands in a more focused manner. As a result of these ongoing brand prioritization efforts, and in connection with the preparation of its financial statements for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, the Company tested its indefinite-lived trade names for impairment utilizing a discounted cash flow valuation model. The key assumptions used included discount rates, royalty rates, and perpetual growth rates applied to updated sales projections. The Company determined that the fair values of its indefinite-lived trade names exceeded their respective carrying amounts, with the exception of the Lenox trade name. The Company recognized a 41.0 million pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge related to this trade name in the third quarter of 2024. Subsequent to this impairment charge, the Lenox carrying value totaled 115.0 million. The Company intends to continue utilizing this trade name indefinitely, which represented approximately 2 of 2023 net sales for the Tools Outdoor segment. Refer to Note L, Restructuring Charges and Other Costs , for further discussion. 
 There have been no changes in the Company s critical accounting estimates during the third quarter of 2024. Refer to the Other Matters section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023 for a discussion of the Company s critical accounting estimates. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 There has been no significant change in the Company s exposure to market risk during the third quarter of 2024. Refer to the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023 and subsequent related filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for further discussion. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, the Company has, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 28, 2024, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION 
 REFORM ACT OF 1995 
 
 This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections or guidance of earnings, revenue, profitability or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements relating to initiatives concerning environmental, social and governance matters; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may include, among others, the words may, will, estimate, intend, could, project, plan, continue, believe, expect, anticipate, run-rate, annualized, forecast, commit, objective, goal, prospect, target, design, on-track, position or positioning, guidance or any other similar words. 
 Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in any of its forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in any of its forward-looking statements. The Company's future financial condition and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties, such as those disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Important factors that could cause the Company's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in its forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: (i) successfully developing, marketing and achieving sales from new products and services and the continued acceptance of current products and services; (ii) macroeconomic factors, including global and regional business conditions, commodity prices, inflation and deflation, interest rate volatility, currency exchange rates, and uncertainties in the global financial markets related to the recent failures of several financial institutions; (iii) laws, regulations and governmental policies affecting the Company's activities in the countries where it does business, including those related to tariffs, taxation, data privacy, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, government contracts and trade controls such as section 301 tariffs and section 232 steel and aluminum tariffs; (iv) the economic, political, cultural and legal environment in Europe and the emerging markets in which the Company generates sales, particularly Latin America and China; (v) realizing the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, strategic alliances or divestitures; (vi) pricing pressure and other changes within competitive markets; (vii) availability and price of raw materials, component parts, freight, energy, labor and sourced finished goods; (viii) the impact that the tightened credit markets may have on the Company or its customers or suppliers; (ix) the extent to which the Company has to write off accounts receivable, inventory or other assets or experiences supply chain disruptions in connection with bankruptcy filings by customers or suppliers; (x) the Company's ability to identify and effectively execute productivity improvements and cost reductions; (xi) potential business, supply chain and distribution disruptions, including those related to physical security threats, information technology or cyber-attacks, epidemics, natural disasters, pandemics, sanctions, political unrest, war or terrorism, including the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, and Israel and Hamas and tensions or conflicts in South Korea, China, Taiwan and the Middle East; (xii) the continued consolidation of customers, particularly in consumer channels, and the Company s continued reliance on significant customers; (xiii) managing franchisee relationships; (xiv) the impact of poor weather conditions and climate change and risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as the Company's ability to successfully adopt new technology, meet market-driven demands for carbon neutral and renewable energy technology, or to comply with changes in environmental regulations or requirements, which may be more stringent and complex, impacting its manufacturing facilities and business operations as well as remediation plans and costs relating to any of its current or former locations or other sites; (xv) maintaining or improving production rates in the Company's manufacturing facilities, responding to significant changes in customer preferences or expectations, product demand and fulfilling demand for new and existing products, and learning, adapting and integrating new technologies into products, services and processes; (xvi) changes in the competitive landscape in the Company's markets; (xvii) the Company's non-U.S. operations, including sales to non-U.S. customers; (xviii) the impact from demand changes within world-wide markets associated with homebuilding and remodeling; (xix) potential adverse developments in new or pending litigation and/or government investigations; (xx) the incurrence of debt and changes in the Company's ability to obtain debt on commercially reasonable terms and at competitive rates; (xxi) substantial pension and other postretirement benefit obligations; (xxii) potential regulatory liabilities, including environmental, privacy, data breach, workers compensation and product liabilities; (xxiii) attracting, developing and retaining senior management and other key employees, managing a workforce in many jurisdictions, labor shortages, work stoppages or other labor disruptions; (xxiv) the Company's ability to keep abreast with the pace of technological change; (xxv) changes in accounting estimates; (xxvi) the Company s ability to protect its intellectual property rights and to maintain its public reputation and the strength of its brands; (xxvii) critical or negative publicity, including on social media, whether or not accurate, concerning the Company s brands, products or initiatives, and (xxviii) the Company s ability to implement, and achieve the expected benefits (including cost savings and reduction in working capital) from, its Global Cost Reduction Program including: continuing to advance innovation, electrification and global market penetration to achieve organic revenue growth of 2-3 times the market; streamlining and simplifying the organization, and investing in initiatives that more directly impact the Company's 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 customers and end users; returning adjusted gross margins to historical 35 + levels by accelerating the supply chain transformation to leverage strategic sourcing, drive operational excellence, rationalize manufacturing and distribution networks, including consolidating facilities and optimizing the distribution network, and reduce complexity of the product portfolio; improving fill rates and matching inventory with customer demand; prioritizing cash flow generation and inventory optimization; executing the SBD Operating Model to deliver operational excellence through efficiency, simplified organizational design; and reducing complexity through platforming products and implementing initiatives to drive a SKU reduction. 
 Additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements are set forth in the Annual Report on Form 10-K and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including under the headings Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes. 
 Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date hereof, and forward-looking statements in documents that are incorporated by reference herein speak only as of the date of those documents. The Company does not undertake any obligation or intention to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of future events or circumstances, new information or otherwise, except as required by law. Any standards of measurement and performance made in reference to the Company's environmental, social, governance and other sustainability plans and goals are developing and based on assumptions that continue to evolve and may be subject to change, and no assurance can be given that any such plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment, expectation, or prospect can or will be achieved. The inclusion of information related to such goals and initiatives is not an indication that such information is material under the standards of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023 and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 30, 2024 and June 29, 2024 include "Legal Proceedings" under Item 3 of Part I and Item 1 of Part II, respectively. Other than as described below, there have been no material changes from the legal proceedings described in the Company's Forms 10-K and 10-Q. 
 Government Investigations 
 The Company previously disclosed that it had identified certain transactions relating to its international operations that may raise compliance questions under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and voluntarily disclosed this information to the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Recently, the SEC and DOJ informed the Company that they have each closed their inquiries with no action taken against the Company in connection with these matters. 
 The Company is committed to upholding the highest standards of corporate governance and is continuously focused on ensuring the effectiveness of its policies, procedures, and controls. The Company is in the process, with the assistance of professional advisors, of reviewing and further enhancing relevant policies, procedures, and controls. 
 Other Actions 
 In addition to the matters above, in the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various lawsuits and claims, including product liability, environmental, intellectual property, contract and commercial, advertising, employment and distributor claims, and administrative proceedings. The Company does not expect that the resolution of these matters occurring in the normal course of business will have a materially adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors as disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2024. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information about the Company s purchases of equity securities that are registered by the Company pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the three months ended September 28, 2024: 
 2024 Total Number Of Common Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Common Share Total Number Of Common Shares Purchased As Part Of A Publicly Announced Plan Or Program (In Millions) 
 Maximum Number Of Common Shares That May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under The Program 
 (a) 
 June 30 - August 3 20 August 4 - August 31 20 September 1 - September 28 20 Total 20 
 (a) On April 21, 2022, the Board approved a share repurchase program of up to 20 million shares of the Company s common stock (the April 2022 Program ). The April 2022 Program does not have an expiration date. The Company may repurchase shares under the April 2022 Program through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or share repurchase programs, including one or more accelerated share repurchase programs (under which an initial payment for the entire repurchase amount may be made at the inception of the program). Such repurchases may be funded from cash on hand, short-term borrowings or other sources of cash at the Company s discretion, and the Company is under no obligation to repurchase any shares pursuant to the repurchase program. The currently authorized shares available for repurchase under the April 2022 Program do not include approximately 3.6 million shares reserved and authorized for purchase under the Company s approved repurchase program in place prior to the April 2022 Program relating to a forward share purchase contract entered into in March 2015. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three months ended September 28, 2024, no director or Section 16 officer of the Company , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 
 (10.1) Agreement and General Release, dated July 25, 2024, by and between Stanley Black Decker, Inc. and John T. Lucas (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2024) . 
 (31.1) Certification by President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 (31.2) Certification by Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 (32.1) Certification by President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 (32.2) Certification by Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 (101) The following materials from Stanley Black Decker Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareowners' Equity for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023; and (v) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 (104) The cover page of Stanley Black Decker Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (included within Exhibit 101 attachments). 

Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 STANLEY BLACK DECKER, INC. Date: October 29, 2024 By: /s/ PATRICK HALLINAN Patrick Hallinan Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311-q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Donald Allan Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 s Donald Allan, Jr. Donald Allan, Jr. President & Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312-q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Patrick Hallinan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 s Patrick Hallinan Patrick Hallinan Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321-q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Donald Allan Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Donald Allan, Jr. Donald Allan, Jr. President & Chief Executive Officer Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322-q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 STANLEY BLACK & DECKER, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Patrick Hallinan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Patrick Hallinan Patrick Hallinan Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 swk-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 swk-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 swk-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 swk-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 swk-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

