<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1834032_0001213900-24-098449.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4040799</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98866</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>904411</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>840293</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>962621</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1170709</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098449.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098449
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Constellation Acquisition Corp I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001834032
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39945
		FILM NUMBER:		241462532

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE, 32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-585-8975

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE, 32ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098449.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220387-10q_constella1.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to
 . 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Not
Applicable 

(Former
name, former address and formal fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered OTCQX Best Market OTCQB Venture Market OTCQX Best Market 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of November 14, 2024, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

CONSTELLATION
ACQUISITION CORP I 
Form 10-Q 

For
the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023. 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 2 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements. 
 5 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 21 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 26 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 26 
 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 27 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 27 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 27 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 27 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Defaults upon Senior Securities. 
 27 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 27 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Other Information. 
 27 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Exhibits. 
 28 
 
 Signature 
 29 

i 

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Financial Statements. 

CONSTELLATION
ACQUISITION CORP I 
CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets: 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Promissory notes related party 

Convertible promissory note - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee 

Warrant liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value at approximately and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and no shares issued and outstanding (excluding 2,367,684 and 4,493,843 shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

CONSTELLATION
ACQUISITION CORP I 
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended 
September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative costs 

Loss from Operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Total other income 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, redeemable Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding,
 non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net
 income (loss) per share, non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

CONSTELLATION
ACQUISITION CORP I 
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Non-Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary shares 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 (audited) 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Conversion of Class B ordinary shares to Class A ordinary shares 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

FOR
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 (audited) 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

CONSTELLATION
ACQUISITION CORP I 
CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payments on promissory note to related party 

Proceeds from promissory note to related party 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note to related party 

Redemption of Class A ordinary shares 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

CONSTELLATION
ACQUISITION CORP I 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

units
(the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares, par value per share (the Class A ordinary shares ),
included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including Units issued pursuant to the partial
exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which
is discussed in Note 3. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, and one-third of redeemable warrant to purchase Class
A ordinary share at a price of per whole share. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of private placement warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, in a private placement to certain affiliates of the Company s
sponsor at the time, Constellation Sponsor GmbH Co. KG, a German limited partnership (the Old Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4. 

Transaction
costs of the IPO amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting
fees (the Deferred Underwriting Fees ), and of other offering costs. 

Following
the closing of the IPO on January 29, 2021, per Unit) from the net offering proceeds of the sale of the
Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Company trust account (the Trust Account and invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay the income taxes, if any, the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will not be released
from the Trust Account (1) to the Company, until the completion of the initial Business Combination, or (2) to the public shareholders,
until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary
shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations, (b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly
tendered in connection with a (A) shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify
the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares
redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete
the initial Business Combination by the date by which the Company is required to consummate a Business Combination pursuant to the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (such period, the Combination Period ), or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity,
and (c) the redemption of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination within the Combination
Period. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in
the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination
or liquidation if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, with respect to such
Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. 

5 

per share, plus
any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten (10) business days, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the income taxes, if any, divided by the number
of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors (the Board ),
liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, which will expire worthless
if the Company fails to consummate an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares (as defined below)
and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in connection with (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii)
a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and (iii)
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete
its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The
Company s Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of
intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below
the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the
liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable,
provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any
and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under
the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked its Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether its Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations
and believe that the Company s Sponsor s only assets are Securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure
that its Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

On
January 26, 2023, the Old Sponsor underwent a reorganization pursuant to which the limited partners of the Old Sponsor transferred all
of their limited partnership interests to Constellation Sponsor LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Sponsor ). On January
26, 2023, the Old Sponsor liquidated pursuant to applicable law by the retirement of the general partner of the Old Sponsor (the second
to last partner of the Sponsor) and all Securities held by the Old Sponsor were distributed by operation of law to its sole remaining
limited partner, the Sponsor, following which, on January 30, 2023, control of the Sponsor was transferred to affiliates of Antarctica
Capital Partners, LLC, including Antarctica Endurance Manager, LLC the current general partner of the Sponsor. 

6 

as a loan to be deposited into the Trust Account.
The shareholders of the Company approved the 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal at the Extension Meeting and on January 31, 2023, the
Company filed the 2023 Articles Amendment with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. In connection with the Extension Meeting,
on January 30, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note, in the amount of to the Sponsor (the Extension
Note ). 

In
connection with the vote to approve the 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal, the holders of Class A ordinary shares of the Company
properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate
redemption amount of approximately . 

On
April 28, 2023, May 26, 2023, July 3, 2023, July 28, 2023, August 29, 2023, September 29, 2023, October 26, 2023, November 28, 2023 and
December 28, 2023, the Company drew on each date, as approved by unanimous director resolution, dated April
24, 2023, pursuant to the Extension Note, which funds the Company deposited into the Trust Account for its public shareholders. This
deposit enabled the Company to extend the date by which it must complete its initial Business Combination from April 29, 2023 to January
29, 2024. These extensions are nine one-month extensions permitted under the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and provides the Company with additional time to complete its initial Business Combination. The Extension Note does not bear interest
and matures upon closing of the Company s initial Business Combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business
Combination, the Extension Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. 

On
December 20, 2023, the Company announced its intention to voluntarily delist its Class A ordinary shares, redeemable warrants, each one
whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A ordinary shares at an exercise price of (the Public Warrants and Units (collectively, the Securities from the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and its intention to make
an application to have its Securities quoted on the OTCQX Marketplace OTCQX ). 

The
Board approved the voluntary delisting on December 20, 2023, and the Company provided notice of the voluntary delisting to NYSE on December
20, 2023. The Company filed a Form 25 with the SEC to effect the delisting of its Securities on January 2, 2024. The delisting became
effective on January 12, 2024 when the Form 25 took effect. The last day of trading of its Securities on NYSE was January 12, 2024, and
the Securities were suspended pre-market on January 16, 2024. On January 16, 2024, the Company s Securities began trading on the
OTCQX where the Class A ordinary shares and Units began trading on the OTCQX Best Market under their new trading symbols
 CSTAF and CSTUF, respectively, and the warrants started trading on the OTCQB Venture Market
under its new trading symbol CSTWF. In connection with the extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders on January
29, 2024 (the Shareholder Meeting the Company adhered to the initial or continued trading requirements of OTCQX. 

On
January 23, 2024 and January 25, 2024, the Company held extraordinary general meetings and only voted on the Adjournment Proposal (as
defined below) to adjourn the Shareholder Meeting to January 25, 2024 and January 29, 2024, respectively. On January 29, 2024, the Company
held its Shareholder Meeting (A) to amend, by way of special resolution, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (the 2024 Articles Amendment to extend the date (the Termination Date by which the Company
has to consummate a Business Combination from January 29, 2024 (the 2024 Original Termination Date to February 29, 2024
(the Articles Extension Date and to allow the Company, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the Termination
Date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis for up to eleven (11) times by an additional one month each time after the
Articles Extension Date, by resolution of the Board, if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the
applicable Termination Date, until January 29, 2025, or a total of up to twelve (12) months after the 2024 Original Termination Date,
unless the closing of a Business Combination shall have occurred prior thereto (the 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal 
(B) to amend, by way of special resolution, the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to eliminate the limitation
that the Company may not redeem Class A ordinary shares, to the extent that such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible
assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), of less than 
(the Redemption Limitation in order to allow the Company to redeem Class A ordinary shares irrespective of whether such
redemption would exceed the Redemption Limitation (such proposal the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and (C)
if required, an adjournment proposal to adjourn, by way of ordinary resolution, the Shareholder Meeting to a later date or dates, if
necessary, (i) to permit further solicitation and vote of proxies if, based upon the tabulated vote at the time of the Shareholder Meeting,
there are insufficient ordinary shares (as defined below) in the capital of the Company represented (either in person or by proxy) to
approve the 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal, (ii) where the Company would not adhere
to the initial or continued trading requirements of OTCQX or (iii) where the Board has determined it is otherwise necessary (the Adjournment
Proposal ). 

7 

Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately
 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . After the satisfaction of such redemptions and receipt
of the initial deposit of to the Trust Account, the balance in the Trust Account was approximately after the redemptions
and initial deposit. 

On
January 30, 2024, the Sponsor converted an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Class
B ordinary shares and together with the Class A ordinary shares, the ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares
on a one-for-one basis. The Sponsor waived any right to receive funds from the Trust Account with respect to the Class A ordinary shares
received upon such conversion and acknowledged that such shares will be subject to all of the restrictions applicable to the original
Class B ordinary shares under the terms of that certain letter agreement, dated as of January 26, 2021 (the Letter Agreement ),
by and among the Company and its initial shareholders, directors and officers (as further amended by and among, the Company, its directors
and officers, the Sponsor and other parties thereto, on January 30, 2023). As of January 30, 2024, there were Class A ordinary
shares outstanding which were composed of non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and redeemable Class A ordinary
shares. 

In
connection with the Shareholder Meeting, the Sponsor agreed that the Sponsor (or one or more of its affiliates, members or third-party
designees) (the Lender shall make a deposit into the Trust Account established in connection with the Company s
Initial Public Offering of , in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note issued by the Company to the Lender.
In addition, in the event that the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination by February 29, 2024, without approval
of the Company s public shareholders, the Company may, by resolution of the Company s Board, if requested by the Sponsor,
and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date, extend the Termination Date up to eleven (11) times,
each by one additional month (for a total of up to eleven (11) additional months to complete a Business Combination), provided that the
Lender will deposit into the Trust Account for each such monthly extension, for an aggregate deposit of up to (if all
eleven (11) additional monthly extensions are exercised), in exchange for a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note issued by
the Company to the Lender. 

On February 29, 2024 First 2024 Extension ),
March 28, 2024 Second 2024 Extension ), April 29, 2024 Third 2024 Extension ), May 29, 2024 Fourth
2024 Extension ), June 28, 2024 Fifth 2024 Extension ), July 23, 2024 Sixth 2024 Extension ), August
23, 2024 Seventh 2024 Extension ), September 26, 2024 Eighth 2024 Extension and October 29, 2024 Ninth
2024 Extension ), the Company drew (the Extension Funds on each date, as approved by unanimous director resolution,
dated February 27, 2024 pursuant to the Extension Note, which Extension Funds the Company deposited into the Trust Account for its public
shareholders. The deposit enabled the Company to extend the date by which it must complete its initial Business Combination from February
29, 2024 to November 29, 2024. These extensions are nine one-month extensions permitted under the amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and provides the Company with additional time to complete its initial Business Combination. The 2024 Note does
not bear interest and matures upon closing of the Company s initial Business Combination. In the event that the Company does not
consummate a Business Combination, the 2024 Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. 

8 

in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of , net of the convertible promissory note related party. Convertible promissory note - related party amounting to is
not expected to be settled out of the current assets. 

The
Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation as of the time of filing this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In connection with
the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Disclosures
of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern until the earlier of the consummation of the
Business Combination or the Termination Date. 

These
unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

As
such, management plans to consummate a Business Combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. If the Company s estimates
of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than
the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to an initial Business
Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete an initial Business Combination or because
it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of its Public Shares upon completion of an initial Business Combination, in which
case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such initial Business Combination. 

9 

from the Trust Account in connection with the redemption. 

10 

. Any loss incurred or a lack
of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition. 

, of which was allocated to expense associated with the warrant liability. Offering costs
associated with the Class A ordinary shares were charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for
the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer
in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. In accordance with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been
codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require ordinary shares subject to redemption
to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the
entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Accordingly, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
 and Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption were presented as temporary equity, outside of the
shareholders deficit section of the Company s condensed balance sheets, respectively. 

11 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Less: 

Redemptions 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of March 31, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of June 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 

Class A ordinary shares (the Private Placement in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share, since the exercise of the Warrants are contingent upon the occurrence
of future events. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic net income (loss) per ordinary share
for the periods presented. 

12 

Weighted average redeemable Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

Non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and B ordinary shares 

Allocation of net income (loss) to non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares 

Weighted average non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

13 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit, including Units issued pursuant
to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, and one-third
of redeemable warrant to purchase Class A ordinary share. 

Public
Warrants 

Each
whole warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment.
Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination or 12 months from
the closing of the IPO and will expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares
underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, or a valid exemption from registration is available.
No warrant will be exercisable, and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant, unless
the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities
laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding
sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such
warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event
that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have
paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

In
addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary
share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board and, in the case of any such issuance
to the initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial shareholders or such
affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance including any transfer or reissuance of such shares (the Newly Issued Price )),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest, available for
the funding of the initial Business Combination, and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during
the (10) trading period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination
is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher
of the market value and the Newly Issued Price, and the and per share redemption trigger prices adjacent to Redemption
of warrants for Class A ordinary shares when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. and Redemption
of warrants for Class A ordinary shares when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to and of the higher of the market value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. 

14 

. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the
Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given to the warrant holders (the Reference Value ). 

Redemptions
of warrants for cash when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds . 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the
Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; provided that during such 30 day period holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table in the registration statement, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; provided, further, that if the warrants are not exercised on a cashless basis or otherwise during such 30 day period, the Company shall redeem such warrants for per share; if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the Reference Value is less than per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants. 

The
 fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares
for the (10) trading immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. This
redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in other blank check offerings. The Company will provide
the warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-day trading period described above ends.
In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary shares per
warrant (subject to adjustment). 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. A portion of the proceeds from the private
placement was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. 

15 

shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares for
 , or approximately per share, in connection with formation (the Founder Shares ). On December 23, 2020, such
 shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares were transferred to the Sponsor for . The Founder Shares included
an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters in full.
On January 29, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option, hence, Founder Shares were no longer subject
to forfeiture, and on March 1, 2021, the remaining Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor. 

The
Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of
(i) after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to the initial Business Combination,
(x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share
capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing
at least days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their
ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

In
November 2020, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to an executive officer of the Company. This loan was non-interest bearing,
unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. On December 31, 2020, the amount borrowed under the
note was . During the period from January 1, 2021 to January 28, 2021, an additional was borrowed under the promissory
note, and on January 29, 2021, the balance of repaid in full from the proceeds of the IPO, and is no longer available to
be drawn upon. 

On
February 23, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2021 Note in the amount of up to to
certain affiliates of the Old Sponsor. The proceeds of the 2021 Note, which may be drawn down from time to time until the Company consummates
its initial Business Combination, will be used for general working capital purposes. 

The
2021 Note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) the Termination Date or (ii) the consummation of
the Company s Business Combination. A failure to pay the principal within five business days of the date specified above or the
commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the 2021 Note may be
accelerated. The affiliates of the Sponsor had the option to convert any unpaid balance of the 2021 Note into Private Placement Warrants
(the Conversion Warrants ), each warrant exercisable for one ordinary share of the Company at an exercise price of per
share. The terms of the Conversion Warrants would be identical to the warrants issued by the Company to affiliates of the Sponsor in
a private placement that was consummated in connection with the Company s IPO. The affiliates of the Sponsor shall be entitled
to certain registration rights relating to the Conversion Warrants. On May 3, 2021, the 2021 Note was amended to remove the option to
convert any unpaid balance of the 2021 Note into Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were no amounts outstanding under the 2021 Note. 

16 

to certain executive officers and affiliates of the Company. The proceeds of the 2022 Notes will be used as general working capital purposes.
The 2022 Notes bear no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) the Termination Date or (ii) the consummation
of the Company s Business Combination. Failure to pay the principals within five business days of the date specified above or the
commencement of a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the 2022 Notes may be
accelerated. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were outstanding under the 2022 Notes. 

On
January 30, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of (the 2024 Note to the Sponsor. The 2024 Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of the Business Combination. In the event that the Company
does not consummate a Business Combination, the 2024 Note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the Trust Account or will be
forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven. As of September 30, 2024, was outstanding under the 2024 Note. 

As
of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and were outstanding under the promissory notes to the Sponsor, respectively.
Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company has borrowed for funding the Ninth 2024 Extension of the Company. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

As
of January 26, 2021 the Company had agreed, commencing on the date that the Securities of the Company were first listed on NYSE, to pay
the Sponsor up to per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, and other obligations
of the Sponsor. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying
these monthly fees. For each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and 
administrative service fees, respectively. and are reported as due to related parties in the accompanying condensed
balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or certain of the
Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital
Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the
Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside
the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital
Loans. Up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination company
at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. 

On
January 18, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note (the 2023 Note in the amount of to the Sponsor.
The proceeds of the 2023 Note will be used for general working capital purposes. The 2023 Note bears no interest and is payable in full
upon the earlier to occur of (i) the consummation of the Company s Business Combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of
the Company is effective. A failure to pay the principal within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of
a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the 2023 Note may be accelerated. At
the election of the Sponsor, all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2023 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company,
at a price of per warrant, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share of the Company. The warrants shall be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the Company s IPO. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, is outstanding under this 2023 Note. 

As disclosed
in the definitive proxy statement filed by the Company with the SEC on December 30, 2022 relating to the Extension Meeting, the Sponsor
agreed that if the 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, it or one or more of its affiliates, members or third-party designees
will contribute to the Company as a loan, within ten (10) business days of the date of the Extension Meeting, , to be deposited
into the Trust Account. In addition, in the event the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination by the Articles Extension
Date, the Lender may contribute to the Company as a loan to be deposited into the Trust Account for each of nine one-month extensions
following the Articles Extension Date. 

Accordingly,
on January 30, 2023, the Company issued the Extension Note to the Sponsor. The Sponsor funded the initial principal amount of 
on January 30, 2023. The Extension Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of the Company s initial Business Combination.
In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the Extension Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining
outside of the Trust Account, if any. The proceeds of the Extension Note will be deposited in the Trust Account. At the election of the
payee, of the total principal amount of the Extension Note may be converted, in whole or in part, at the option of the Lender
into warrants of the Company at a price of per warrant, which warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued
to the Sponsor at the time of the IPO of the Company. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and are outstanding
under this Extension Note, respectively. 

17 

and of borrowings under the Working
Capital Loans, respectively. 

additional Units at the public
offering price less the underwriting commissions to cover over-allotments, if any. On January 29, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised
the over-allotment option to purchase Units, and were paid an underwriting discount in aggregate of . As of March
15, 2021, the remaining over-allotment option expired. 

Additionally,
the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO held in the Trust Account,
or , upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Investment
Agreement 

On
January 26, 2023, the Company, entered into an Investment Agreement (the Investment Agreement with the Old Sponsor, and
Endurance Constellation, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Investor agreed
to contribute to the Old Sponsor an aggregate amount in cash equal up to , which amount will be loaned to the Company in accordance
with the Extension Note, in consideration for which, the Sponsor shall issue to the Investor interests in certain equity securities. 

In
connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Investment Agreement, on January 26, 2023, the Old Sponsor underwent
a reorganization pursuant to which the limited partners of the Old Sponsor transferred all of their limited partnership interests to
the Sponsor. On January 26, 2023, the Old Sponsor was liquidated pursuant to applicable law by the retirement of the general partner
of the Old Sponsor (the second to last partner of the Old Sponsor) and all Securities held by the Old Sponsor were distributed by operation
of law to its sole remaining limited partner, the Sponsor, following which, on January 30, 2023, control of the Sponsor was transferred
to affiliates of Antarctica Capital Partners, LLC, including Antarctica Endurance Manager, LLC the general partner of the Sponsor. 

The
Investment Agreement contains customary representations and warranties of the parties, including, among others, with respect to corporate
organization, corporate authority, and compliance with applicable laws. The representations and warranties of each party set forth in
the Investment Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the Investment Agreement, and shareholders of the Company
are not third-party beneficiaries of the Investment Agreement. In addition, such representations and warranties (a) are subject to materiality
and other qualifications contained in the Investment Agreement, which may differ from what may be viewed as material by shareholders
of the Company, (b) were made only as of the date of the Investment Agreement or such other date as is specified in the Investment Agreement
and (c) may have been included in the Investment Agreement for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing
matters as facts. Accordingly, the Investment Agreement is included with this filing only to provide shareholders of the Company with
information regarding the terms of the Investment Agreement, and not to provide shareholders of the Company with any other factual information
regarding any of the parties or their respective businesses. 

18 

preference shares at par value of each
(the Preference Shares ). On September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no Preference Shares issued or outstanding. 

Class
A ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares. On
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and no shares issued and outstanding, excluding and
 shares subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

Class
B ordinary shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares. On
January 30, 2024, the Sponsor converted an aggregate of . On September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

The
Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of
(i) one year after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to the initial Business Combination,
(x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share
capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their
ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

The
Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day following the consummation of the initial
Business Combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal,
in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion
of the IPO, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise
of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible
into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private
Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers and directors or any of their affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans.
In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 

Holders
of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted
to a vote of the Company s shareholders, with each share of ordinary shares entitling the holder to one vote. 

19 

2 

Private Placement Warrant Liability 
 2 
 
 2 

The
Warrants are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liability on the condensed balance
sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented
within change in fair value of warrant liability in the condensed statements of operations. 

The
Company established the initial fair value for the Public Warrants on January 29, 2021, the date of the Company s IPO, using a
Monte Carlo simulation model, and for the Private Placement Warrants on January 29, 2021, using a Black-Scholes model. As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was valued utilizing the quoted market price of the
Public Warrants, and the fair value of the Public Warrants by reference to the quoted market price of the Public Warrants. The Public
Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were classified as Level 3 at the initial measurement date. There were no transfers among fair
value hierarchy during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Public Warrants are classified as Level 2 due to the lack
of trading activity as of the reporting date. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 1 measurement
to a Level 2 fair value measurement during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was . 

20 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References
to the Company, Constellation Acquisition Corp I, our, us or we 
refer to Constellation Acquisition Corp I. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Quarterly Report ). Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Quarterly Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future
events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause
our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, 
 plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative
of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited
to, those described in our other SEC filings. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in Cayman Islands on November 20, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a Business
Combination. 

Our
sponsor is Constellation Sponsor LP, a Delaware limited partnership. The registration statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared
effective on January 26, 2021. On January 29, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 31,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit,
generating gross proceeds of 310.0 million, and incurring offering costs of 17,586,741 million, inclusive of 10,850,000 million in
deferred underwriting commissions. On January 26, 2023, our Old Sponsor underwent a reorganization pursuant to which the limited partners
of our Old Sponsor transferred all of their limited partnership interests to the Sponsor. On January 26, 2023, our Old Sponsor was liquidated
pursuant to applicable law by the retirement of the general partner of our Old Sponsor (the second to last partner of our Sponsor) and
all Securities held by our Old Sponsor were distributed by operation of law to its sole remaining limited partner, the Sponsor, following
which, on January 30, 2023, control of the Old Sponsor was transferred to affiliates of Antarctica Capital Partners, LLC, including Antarctica
Endurance Manager, LLC the general partner of the Sponsor. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 5,466,667 Private Placement Warrants, at a price
of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to our Old Sponsor, which are now held by our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to us of 8.2
million. 

Since
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 310.00 million 10.00 per unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account and was invested in permitted United
States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended having
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. On January 27, 2023, we liquidated the U.S. government treasury
obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account. 

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. 

21 

We
will only have until the Termination Date to complete an initial Business Combination. If we do not complete a Business Combination by
the Termination Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible,
but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account, including
interest not previously released to us to fund our working capital requirements (less taxes payable) and (iii) as promptly as possible
following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of our net assets to our remaining shareholders, as part of our plan of
dissolution and liquidation. Our Sponsor and initial shareholders entered into the Letter Agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their Founder Shares; however, if the initial shareholders or any
of our officers, directors or affiliates acquire ordinary shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to a
pro rata share of the Trust Account upon our redemption or liquidation in the event we do not complete a Business Combination within
the required time period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining
available for distribution (including the Trust Account assets) will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per unit in the Initial
Public Offering. 

On
January 27, 2023, we held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination from January 29, 2023 to
April 29, 2023 and to allow the Company, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the 2023 Termination Date to consummate
a Business Combination on a monthly basis for up to nine times by an additional one month each time after the 2023 Articles Extension
Date, by resolution of the Board if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable Termination
Date, until January 29, 2024, or a total of up to twelve months after the 2023 Termination Date, unless the closing of the Company s
Business Combination shall have occurred prior to such date. The shareholders of the Company approved the 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal
at the Extension Meeting and on January 31, 2023, the Company filed the 2023 Articles Amendment with the Registrar of Companies of the
Cayman Islands. 

In
connection with the vote at the Extension Meeting, the holders of 26,506,157 Class A ordinary shares of the Company properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for an aggregate price of approximately 10.167 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately
 269,485,746. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in our Trust Account was approximately 46,138,503. On February
13, 2023, a total of 46,600,678.12 (the remaining trust balance), was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at Citibank, N.A., maintained
by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

In
connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Investment Agreement, on January 26, 2023, the Old Sponsor underwent
a reorganization pursuant to which the limited partners of the Old Sponsor transferred all of their limited partnership interests to
the Sponsor. On January 26, 2023, the Old Sponsor was liquidated pursuant to applicable law by the retirement of the general partner
of the Old Sponsor (the second to last partner of the Sponsor) and all Securities held by the Old Sponsor were distributed by operation
of law to its sole remaining limited partner, the Sponsor, following which, on January 30, 2023, control of the Old Sponsor was transferred
to affiliates of Antarctica Capital Partners, LLC. 

On
December 20, 2023, the Board approved the voluntary delisting of its Class A ordinary shares, Public Warrants and Units from the NYSE,
and on January 16, 2024, the Company began trading its Class A ordinary shares and Units on OTCQX Best Market under the
symbols CSTAF and CSTUF, respectively, and its Public Warrants on the OTCQB Venture Market
under the symbol CSTWF. 

On
January 29, 2024, the Company held the Shareholder Meeting (A) to amend, by way of special resolution, the Company s amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the Termination Date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination
from January 29, 2024 to February 29, 2024 and to allow the Company, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the Termination
Date to consummate a Business Combination on a monthly basis for up to eleven times by an additional one month each time after the 2024
Articles Extension Date, by resolution of the directors, if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior
to the applicable Termination Date, until January 29, 2025, or a total of up to twelve months after the 2024 Original Termination Date,
unless the closing of a Business Combination shall have occurred prior thereto; and (B) to amend, by way of special resolution, the Company s
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to eliminate from the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
the limitation that the Company may not redeem Class A ordinary shares to the extent that such redemption would result in the Company
having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), of
less than 5,000,001 in order to allow the Company to redeem Public Shares irrespective of whether such redemption would exceed the Redemption
Limitation. The shareholders of the Company approved the 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal
at the Shareholder Meeting and on January 30, 2024, the Company filed the 2024 Articles Amendment with the Registrar of Companies of
the Cayman Islands. 

22 

In
connection with that vote to approve the 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal, the holders
of 2,126,159 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately
 11.13 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 23,671,533. After the satisfaction of such redemptions and receipt
of the initial deposit of 55,000 to the Trust account, the balance in our Trust Account was approximately 26,415,545. 

On
January 30, 2024, the Sponsor converted an aggregate of 7,600,000 Class B ordinary shares into Public Shares on a one-for-one basis.
The Sponsor waived any right to receive funds from the Trust Account with respect to the Public Shares received upon such conversion
and acknowledged that such shares will be subject to all of the restrictions applicable to the original Class B ordinary shares under
the terms of the Letter Agreement. 

During
2024, the Board of the Company approved the First 2024 Extension on February 29, 2024, and the extension committee of the Board approved
the Second 2024 Extension, Third 2024 Extension, Fourth 2024 Extension, Fifth 2024 Extension, Sixth 2024 Extension, Seventh 2024 Extension,
Eighth 2024 Extension, and Ninth 2024 Extension on March 28, 2024, April 29, 2024, May 29, 2024, June 28, 2024, July 23, 2024, August
23, 2024, September 26, 2024, and October 29, 2024 respectively, resulting in a new Termination Date of November 29, 2024, and the Company
drew an aggregate of 495,000 of Extension Funds pursuant to the 2024 Note. The 2024 Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing
of the Company s initial Business Combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the 2024
Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern Consideration 

As
of September 30, 2024, the Company had 5,666 in its operating bank account, and a working capital deficit of 5,095,087, net of the
convertible promissory note related party. Convertible promissory note - related party amounting to 3,181,000 is not expected
to be settled out of the current assets. 

Our
liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through loans from the Sponsor to cover for certain operating expenses. In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company working capital loans. 

As
of September 30, 2024, there was approximately 4,533,208 of borrowings outstanding and 210,000 of related admin fees owed to the Sponsor
under the following promissory notes: 

During
 the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued a number of unsecured promissory notes totaling 258,780 to certain executive
 officers and affiliates of the Company. The proceeds of the 2022 Notes was used for general working capital purposes. The 2022 Notes
 bear no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur of (i) the Termination Date or (ii) the consummation of the Company s
 Business Combination. Failure to pay the principals within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of
 a voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the 2022 Notes may be accelerated.
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 227,208 is outstanding under the 2022 Notes. 

23 

On
 January 18, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of 230,000 to the Sponsor. The proceeds of the 2023
 Note was used for general working capital purposes. The 2023 Note bears no interest and is payable in full upon the earlier to occur
 of (i) the consummation of the Company s Business Combination or (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective.
 A failure to pay the principal within five business days of the date specified above or the commencement of a voluntary or involuntary
 bankruptcy action shall be deemed an event of default, in which case the 2023 Note may be accelerated. At the election of the Sponsor,
 all or a portion of the unpaid principal amount of the 2023 Note may be converted into warrants of the Company, at a price of 1.50
 per warrant, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share of the Company. The warrants shall be identical to the Private
 Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the Company s IPO. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
 230,000 is outstanding under this 2023 Note. 

On
 January 30, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note, in the amount of 3,000,000 to the Sponsor. The Sponsor funded
 the initial principal amount of 450,000 on January 30, 2023. The Extension Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing
 of the Company s Business Combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the Extension
 Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. The proceeds of the Extension Note was deposited
 in the Trust Account. At the election of the payee, 1,270,000 of the total principal amount of the Extension Note may be converted,
 in whole or in part, at the option of the lender into warrants of the Company at a price of 1.50 per warrant, which warrants will
 be identical to the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor at the time of the IPO of the Company. As of September 30, 2024
 and December 31, 2023, 2,951,000 and 2,901,000 is outstanding under this Extension Note. 

On
 January 30, 2024, the Company issued the 2024 Note in the amount of 1,660,000 to the Sponsor. The 2024 Note does not bear interest
 and matures upon closing of the Business Combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination, the
 2024 Note will be repaid only from funds held outside of the Trust Account or will be forfeited, eliminated or otherwise forgiven.
 As of September 30, 2024, 1,125,000 is outstanding under the 2024 Note. 

We
cannot provide any assurance that new financing along the lines detailed above will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms,
if at all. Further, we have until the Termination Date to consummate a Business Combination, but we cannot provide assurance that we
will be able to consummate a Business Combination by that date. If a Business Combination is not consummated by the required date, there
will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations
in accordance with ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or January 29, 2025, the date the Company is required to liquidate.
These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the
liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

We
intend to complete our Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date; however, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to consummate any Business Combination by the Termination Date. If the Company s estimates of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to a Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may
need to obtain additional financing either to complete a Business Combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant
number of its Public Shares upon completion of a Business Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur
debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

24 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity from inception through September 30, 2024 related to our formation, the preparation for the Initial Public Offering,
and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any
operations nor generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our Business Combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income and dividends on cash and investments held in the Trust Account. We expect
to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance),
as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net income of approximately 38,000, which included interest earned on investments
held in the Trust Account of 310,000, offset by a loss from operations of 245,000 and a loss from the change in fair value of warrant
liabilities of 28,000. 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of approximately 251,000, which included a loss from operations of 1.3
million, offset by interest earned on investments held in the Trust Account of 1.0 million and a gain from the change in fair value
of warrant liabilities of 2,000. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of approximately 0.3 million, which included interest earned on investments
held in the Trust Account of 0.5 million and a gain from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 0.5 million, offset by
a loss from operations of 0.7 million. 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had a net income of approximately 0.1 million, which included an interest earned on investments
held in the Trust Account of 2.5 million and a gain from the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 0.03 million, offset by
loss from operations of 2.4 million. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term
liabilities. 

Registration
Rights 

The
initial shareholders and holders of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
rights agreement. The initial shareholders and holders of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form registration demands, that register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders
will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will
bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

We
paid an underwriting discount of 2 of the per Unit offering price, or approximately 6,200,000 in the aggregate at the closing of the
Initial Public Offering and agreed to pay Deferred Underwriting Fees of 3.5 of the gross offering proceeds, or approximately 10,850,000
in Deferred Underwriting Fees. The Deferred Underwriting Fees will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust
Account solely in the event the Company completes its Business Combination. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

This
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these unaudited condensed financial statements requires us to make
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities in our unaudited condensed financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments,
including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience,
known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
One of the more significant accounting estimates included in these unaudited condensed financial statements is the determination of the
fair value of the warrant liability. Such estimates may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and, accordingly,
actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

25 

Inflation 

We
do not believe that inflation had a material impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the period presented. 

JOBS
Act 

The
JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify
as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth
public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted
by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report
providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain
executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s
compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our
Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

On
January 27, 2023, we liquidated the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account. The funds in
the Trust Account will be maintained in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank until the earlier of our initial
Business Combination or our liquidation. Interest on such deposit account is currently approximately 2.5 - 3.0 per anum, but such deposit
account carries a variable rate, and we cannot assure you that such rate will not decrease or increase significantly. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this
Quarterly Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements
included in this Quarterly Report present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows
for the period presented. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 covered by this
Quarterly Report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

26 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Investing
in our ordinary shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together
with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report as well as those risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report filed
with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional
risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. We
may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item
3. Defaults upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information. 

. 

27 

Item
6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 30, 2024, between Constellation Acquisition Corp I and Constellation Sponsor LP. (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 

These
 certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes
 of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing
 under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2024. 

28 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jarett Goldman 

Name: 
 Jarett
 Goldman 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022038701ex31-1_constella1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Chandra R. Patel, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Constellation Acquisition Corp I; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Chandra R. Patel 

Name: 
 Chandra
 R. Patel 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022038701ex31-2_constella1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jarett Goldman, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Constellation Acquisition Corp I; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jarett Goldman 

Name: 
 Jarett
 Goldman 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022038701ex32-1_constella1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Constellation Acquisition Corp I (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chandra R.
Patel, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Chandra R Patel 

Name: 
 Chandra
 R Patel 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022038701ex32-2_constella1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Constellation Acquisition Corp I (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jarett Goldman
, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jarett Goldman 

Name: 
 Jarett
 Goldman 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 csta-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 csta-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 csta-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 csta-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 csta-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

