<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241009_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1643301_0001477932-24-006302.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8923415</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139734</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1460161</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2154224</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1966956</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2958228</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-006302.hdr.sgml : 20241009
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241009133903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-006302
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241009
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241009

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001643301
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				371765151
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55908
		FILM NUMBER:		241362312

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5805 SEPULVEDA BLVD., SUITE 801
		CITY:			SHERMAN OAKS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91411
		BUSINESS PHONE:		424-273-8675

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5805 SEPULVEDA BLVD., SUITE 801
		CITY:			SHERMAN OAKS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91411

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cure Pharmaceutical Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Makkanotti Group Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150526

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-006302.txt : 20241009

10-Q/A
 1
 avrw_10qa.htm
 FORM 10-Q/A

avrw_10qa.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Amendment No. 1) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 2834 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Number) (IRS Employer Identification Number) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) (Issuer s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Title of each class: Trading symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered OTCQB Markets Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No On May 13, 2022, we had shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock issued and outstanding. EXPLANATORY NOTE TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 3 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION: Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 4 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2022 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2021 4 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three month periods ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 5 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three month periods ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 6 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three month periods ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 7 Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 41 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 51 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 51 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION: Item 1. Legal Proceedings 53 Item 1A. Risk Factors 53 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 54 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 54 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 54 Item 5. Other Information 54 Item 6. Exhibits 55 Signatures 56 2 Table of Contents Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that involve risks and uncertainties, including statements based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about future events, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, our industry and the regulatory environment in which we operate. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, will, would or the negative of those terms, or other comparable terms intended to identify statements about the future. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: the length and severity of the recent COVID-19 outbreak and its impact on the global economy and our financial results; our ability to obtain additional and substantial funding for our company on an immediate basis, whether pursuant to a capital raising transaction arising from the sale of our securities, a strategic transaction or otherwise; our ability to attract and/or maintain research, development, commercialization and manufacturing partners; the ability of our company and/or a partner to successfully complete product research and development, including pre-clinical and clinical studies and commercialization; the ability of our company and/or a partner to obtain required governmental approvals, including product patent approvals; the ability of our company and/or a partner to develop and commercialize products that can compete favorably with those of our competitors; the timing of costs and expenses related to the research and development programs of our company and/or our partners; the timing and recognition of revenue from milestone payments and other sources not related to product sales; our ability to obtain suitable facilities in which to conduct our planned business operations on acceptable terms and on a timely basis; our ability to satisfy our disclosure obligations under the Exchange Act, and to maintain the registration of our common stock thereunder; our ability to attract and retain qualified officers, employees and consultants as necessary; and costs associated with any product liability claims, patent prosecution, patent infringement lawsuits and other lawsuits. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations of our management based on available information and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. As such, our actual results may differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in more detail in Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Part I and Item 1A Risk Factors of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Readers should carefully review these risks, as well as the additional risks described in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In light of the significant risks and uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that such results will be achieved, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents we file with the SEC, with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise, as used in this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the words we, us, our, the Company our Company or CURE refer to Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and our subsidiaries taken as a whole, unless otherwise noted. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes our trademarks and trade names, including, without limitation, CureFilm Technology, which is our property and is protected under applicable intellectual property laws. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also includes trademarks and trade names that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may appear without the and symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or that the applicable owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 3 Table of Contents PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share amounts) March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS (unaudited) Current assets: Cash Accounts receivable, net Note receivable, net Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Finance lease right-of-use assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Note receivable Investment Goodwill, net Intellectual property and patents, net In-process research and development, net Customer relationships, Tradename, and Non-compete, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Finance lease payable Operating lease payable Loan payable Related party payable Notes payable Convertible promissory notes Fair value convertible promissory notes, net Contract liabilities Contingent share considerations Total current liabilities Finance lease payable Operating lease payable Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 21) Stockholders' equity: Common stock: par value; authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Common stock issuable Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity See accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 4 Table of Contents AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share amounts) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 March 31, 2021 Revenue: Product sales, net of discounts and refunds Consulting research development income Shipping and other sales Total revenues Cost of goods sold: Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Change in fair value of contingent stock consideration Impairment of goodwill Total operating expenses Net operating loss before other income (expense) Other income (expense): Interest income Settlement income Gain on extinguishment of debt Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes Interest expense Total other income (expense) Net loss before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Net loss per share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted See accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 5 Table of Contents AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (in thousands, except share amounts) Additional Common Common Stock Paid-in Stock Accumulated Shares Par Capital Issuable Deficit Total Balance, December 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock for professional services Issuance of common stock from conversion of convertible promissory notes Fair value of stock options and restricted stock granted Fair value of restricted stock units granted Net loss Balance, March 31, 2022 Balance, December 31, 2020 Issuance of common stock for professional services Issuance of common stock from the equity incentive plan Issuance of common stock for exercise of warrants Fair value of stock options and restricted stock granted Fair value of restricted stock units granted Net loss Balance, March 31, 2021 See accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 March 31, 2021 Net loss Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock based compensation - services Stock based compensation - prepaid Stock issued from equity incentive plan Gain from settlement of accounts payable Gain from extinguishment of debt Change in fair value of contingent share consideration Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes Impairment of goodwill Depreciation and amortization Amortization of right of use asset Bad debt expenses Recovery of bad debt expense Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Inventory reserve for obsolescence Change of fair value in derivative liabilities Fair value of vested stock options and restricted stock Warrant granted for broker fee expense Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other assets Other assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses Finance lease payable Operating lease payable Contract liabilities License fees Cash used in operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Investment in company Purchase of intangible assets Net cash acquired from acquisition of Sera Labs, Inc. Acquisition of property and equipment, net Purchase of note receivable Collection of note receivable Cash provided by (used in) investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from convertible notes payable Proceeds from loans payable Proceeds from exercise of warrants Proceeds from notes payable Proceeds from related party payable Proceeds from payroll protection program loan Repayment of notes payable Repayment of related party payable Repayment of loans payable Cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest and income taxes: Interest Income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Common stock issued for conversion of promissory notes and accrued interest See accompanying notes to these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 7 Table of Contents AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 8 Table of Contents Going Concern and Management s Liquidity Plans million and a working capital deficit of approximately million. Our operating activities consume the majority of our cash resources. We anticipate that we will continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations, at least into the near future, as we execute our commercialization and development plans and strategic and business development initiatives. As of March 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of cash on hand. We have previously funded, and intend to continue funding, our losses primarily through the issuance of common stock and/or promissory notes, combined with or without warrants, and cash generated from our product sales and research and development and license agreements. We are currently discussing various financing alternatives with potential investors, but there can be no assurance that these funds will be available on terms acceptable to us or will be enough to fully sustain operations. We believe the funds available through these potential financings will be sufficient to meet the Company s working capital requirements during the coming year. If we are unable to raise sufficient additional funds, we will have to develop and implement a plan to extend payables, reduce expenditures, or scale back our business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the issuance of the consolidated financial statements. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 9 Table of Contents Restatement Based on an initial analysis of ASC 250 Accounting Changes and Error Corrections and Staff Accounting Bulletin 99 Materiality, the Company determined that the error was immaterial to the previously issued consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and that the correction and disclosure of the error in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 was adequate. The Company has since determined that the errors in its previously reported earnings per share are material and is thus restating the impacted financial statements. Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents per bank. The Company minimizes this risk by placing its cash deposits with major financial institutions. At March 31, 2022 had million in excess of the federal insurance limit. At December 31, 2021, the Company did not have in excess of the federal insurance limit. Investment in Associates million. Relief shall accrue interest on the Loans at 6 per annum and shall become due and payable to the Company at the earlier of the conversion date, the date when the Loans are repaid or at the maturity date of October 31, 2021 Maturity Date ). In the event of a request for conversion by the Company Request for Conversion or at the end of the Maturity Date, the outstanding amount of the Loans and any unpaid accrued interest shall be converted into shares of Relief Shares based on a price per share on a post money valuation of 10.9 million. In the event Releaf completes a financing round totaling at least 2 million of debt and/or equity Qualified Financing ), the outstanding amount of the Loan Agreement and any unpaid accrued interest shall automatically convert at a price per share paid by the investors in connection with the Qualified Financing less a discount of 20 on the subscription price . In addition, both the Company and Releaf agree in the event the pre-money valuation of the Qualified Financing is higher than million, the conversion shall be calculated with a cap of pre-money valuation of million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an investment using the cost method of accounting in Releaf and recorded accrued interest relating to these Loans as well as a reserve on investment. As of the filing date of this report, the Company has not extended or received Shares as per the term of the agreement, but are in discussions with Releaf regarding the terms of conversion of the Loans. 10 Table of Contents million and million, respectively, were necessary. Inventory Goodwill and intangible assets million impairment of goodwill relating to the Cure Pharmaceutical reporting unit. Based on the continuing decline of our stock price and market capitalization as well as not meeting our revenue projections for the Cure Pharmaceutical reporting unit, we determined that the fair value of goodwill is more likely than not to be less than its carrying amount. The Company determined the amount of impairment to record was based on the income approach discounted cash flow method. As of December 31, 2021, there has been no impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. Business Combinations 11 Table of Contents Contingent consideration liabilities Related Party Revenue Recognition 12 Table of Contents years from the Effective Date Term ). Medolife is to pay million to assist in completing the jointly developed production line at Cure Pharmaceutical s cGMP facility. In addition, Cure Pharmaceutical will produce Products on behalf of Medolife and will grant access to Medolife for a joint production area within Cure Pharmaceutical s production facility for the Term of this Agreement. The Company has determined that there are no distinct obligations for the million and Cure Pharmaceutical does have further obligations as stated in the Agreement, thus the Company will recognize the revenue monthly over the Term, beginning February 1, 2021. Sera Labs Revenue Practical Expedients and Exemptions 13 Table of Contents Sales Returns, Discounts and Warranties Cost to Obtain a Contract Contract Liabilities million and million, respectively. Contract liabilities is made up of the following as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (in thousands): Total contract liabilities The following table summarizes the changes in contract liabilities during the three months ended March 31, 2022 and year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): Additions Customer deposits returned Transfers to Revenue Balance at December 31, 2021 Transfers to Revenue Balance at March 31, 2022 14 Table of Contents Advertising Expense million and million for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Research and Development million and million for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Income Taxes has been established due to the uncertainty of the Company s realization of the net operating loss carry forward prior to its expiration. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was enacted in response to the outbreak of a novel strain of the coronavirus, COVID-19. The CARES Act lifts certain deduction limitations originally imposed by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the 2017 Tax Act ). Under the CARES Act, net operating losses NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2021 may be carried back to each of the five tax years preceding the tax year of such loss. Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Act as modified by the CARES Act, federal NOLs of our corporate subsidiaries generated in tax years ending after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of federal NOLs, particularly for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2021, may be limited. The accounting for the material income tax impacts has been reflected in the year ended December 31, 2021 financial statements. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the 2017 Tax Act or the CARES Act. The Company is currently assessing the impact the CARES Act will have on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. Stock-Based Compensation 15 Table of Contents Fair value measurements million in relation to the Sera Labs Merger. The Company has elected the fair value option to account for the Series A and B Notes that were issued on October 30, 2020 and records this at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. As a result of applying the fair value option, direct costs and fees related to the Series A and B Notes were recognized in earnings as incurred and not deferred. 16 Table of Contents - - Fair value of Series A Note - - Fair value of Series B Note - - The following table summarizes fair value measurements by level at December 31, 2021 for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): - - Fair value of Series A Note - - Fair value of Series B Note - - Change in fair value of Series A Note Change in fair value of Series B Note Conversion of Series B Note Fair value of Series A and B Notes at March 31, 2022 Financial instruments measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Series A and Series B Notes are measured at fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation valuation methodology. A summary of the weighted average (in aggregate) significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs) used in measuring the Company s derivative liabilities that are categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy is as follows: Conversion price Term (in years) Series A Note Term (in years) Series B Note Volatility Series A Note Volatility Series B Note Risk-free interest rate Series A Note Risk-free interest rate Series B Note Interest rate The Company recorded a loss of million due to the change in fair value of Series A and B convertible notes for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and a gain of million due to the change in fair value of Series A and B convertible notes for the three months ended March 31, 2021. Beneficial Conversion Feature Series A and Series B convertible notes: 17 Table of Contents Derivative Liabilities Contingencies 18 Table of Contents Weighted average outstanding shares of common stock Dilutive potential common stock shares from: Vested Stock options from the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan - - Warrants - - Conversion of convertible notes - - Issuance of contingent shares relating to CHI acquisition - - Common stock and common stock equivalents Income (loss) per share: Basic net income (loss) per share Diluted net income (loss) per share The following number of shares have been excluded from diluted net income (loss) since such inclusion would be anti-dilutive: Shares to be issued upon conversion of convertible payable Total In connection with Sera Labs Merger, Sera Labs security holders are also entitled to receive up to shares of the Company s common stock (the Clawback Shares based on the achievement of certain sales milestones. Due to the uncertainty of the number of Clawback Shares to be issued, these Clawback Shares were not included in the table above. The Series A and B Notes (other than restricted amounts under a Series B Note) is convertible, at the option of the Investor, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of per share. The conversion price is subject to full ratchet antidilution protection upon any transaction in which the Company is deemed to have granted, issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock. If the Company enters into any agreement to issue any variable rate securities, other than a bona fide at-the-market offering or equity line of credit, the Investor has the additional right to substitute such variable price (or formula) for the conversion price. If an Event of Default has occurred under the Convertible Notes, the Investor may elect to alternatively convert the Convertible Notes at the redemption premium described therein. Due to the uncertainty of the number of shares to be issued, the shares to be issued from the conversion of the Series A and B Notes were also not included in the table above. 19 Table of Contents Risks and Uncertainties 20 Table of Contents Allowance for doubtful accounts Accounts receivable, net Customer billed accounts receivable represents amounts billed to clients that have yet to be collected. Allowances for doubtful accounts have been determined through specific identification of amounts considered to be uncollectible and potential write-offs, plus a non-specific allowance for other amounts for which some potential loss has been determined to be probable based on current and past experience. Prepaid equipment Prepaid inventory Prepaid expenses Other assets Total Prepaid expenses and other assets Current portion of prepaid expenses and other assets Prepaid expenses and other assets less current portion Packaging components Work-in-process Finished goods Reserve for obsolescence Total inventory Manufacturing equipment Computer and other equipment Less accumulated depreciation Property and Equipment, net For the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation expense amounted to 0.04 million and 0.05 million, respectively. 21 Table of Contents million, which is one of a series of notes (Notes pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement NPA offered by BRC. BRC shall accrue interest on the May 2021 Loan at per annum and shall become due and payable to the Company at the earlier of the conversion date or the maturity date of May 26, 2023. In the event of a request for conversion by the Company, the outstanding amount of the May 2021 Loan and any unpaid accrued interest shall be converted into shares of BRC, rounded down to the nearest whole share, by dividing the May 2021 Loan by the price per share obtained by dividing million by the number of outstanding shares of common stock of BRC immediately prior to such conversion (assuming conversion of all securities convertible into common stock and exercise of all outstanding options and warrants of BRC, but excluding (i) the shares of equity securities of BRC issued or issuable upon the conversion of the Notes and (ii) all shares of the common stock reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or similar plan of BRC. In the event the Company has not requested for conversion, the May 2021 Loan can automatically convert if BRC sells shares of preferred stock (the Qualified Financing Securities to one or more investors in a single transaction or series of related transactions for aggregate proceeds to BRC (including cancellation of indebtedness under the Notes or any other convertible debt) of at least million (a Qualified Financing ). The May 2021 Loan shall automatically convert at the initial closing of and on the same terms and conditions of the Qualified Financing into a total number of Qualified Financing Securities, rounded down to the nearest whole share, obtained by dividing the May 2021 Loan by the lesser of (i) of the price per share paid for the Qualified Financing Securities by investors in the Qualified Financing and (ii) million by the number of outstanding shares of common stock of BRC immediately prior to such conversion (assuming conversion of all securities convertible into common stock and exercise of all outstanding options and warrants of BRC, but excluding (a) the shares of equity securities of BRC issued or issuable upon the conversion of the Notes, (b) all shares of the common stock reserved and available for future grant under any equity incentive or similar plan of BRC and (c) any equity incentive or similar plan to be created or increased in connection with the Qualified Financing). Note receivable consists of the following (in thousands): Less: allowance for doubtful accounts - - Note receivable, net million and million of legal patent costs that were capitalized during the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company acquired from Sera Labs customer relationships at a fair value of million, million in Tradename intangibles, million in non-compete and million in Goodwill from the acquisition of Sera Labs. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company acquired from the CHI acquisition patents at a fair value of million, million in Intellectual Property Research Development and million in Goodwill from the acquisition of CHI. 22 Table of Contents Accumulated impairment losses Goodwill, net Intangible assets not subject to amortization: Acquired IPR D Chemistry (2) Pending patents Cure Pharmaceutical Total intangible assets not subject to amortization Intangible assets subject to amortization: Acquired IPR D Chemistry (2) Customer relationships (2) Tradename (2) Noncompete (2) Intellectual property Issued patents Total intangible assets subject to amortization Accumulated amortization Total intangible assets subject to amortization, net Intangible assets, net (1) Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired from CHI and Sera Labs (see Note 19). (2) See Note 19 for information on the Mergers which were consummated in May 2019 and October 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company completed two research and development projects that resulted in the company reclass approximately million of IPR D from intangibles not subject to amortization to intangibles subject to amortization. Amortization expense was million and million for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Impairment loss of goodwill was million and for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The estimated aggregate amortization expense over each of the next five years is as follows (in thousands): 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total Amortization 23 Table of Contents Valuation reserve Investment, net As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the net investment is based on management s best estimate of net realizable value, which resulted a valuation reserve amount of million and million, respectively. Refunds and returns liability Accrued interest (see Note 11 for amount of related party interest included) Accrued payroll Accrued vacation leave Accrued expenses Sales tax payable Accrued Expenses into a new secured promissory note Secured August Note with a new principal amount of million and an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The Secured August Note is due on June 30, 2022The Secured August Note is secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. 24 Table of Contents million owed to the CEO of Sera Labs Duitch Note ), of which million is the upfront payment in connection with the closing of the Sera Labs Merger, and million is for certain liabilities of Sera Labs due to Mrs. Duitch. The Duitch Note was due on and had an interest rate of per annum. On November 9, 2020, a payment of million was made and applied to principal only. On June 30, 2021, both the Company and the CEO of Sera Labs agreed to roll the amount of principal and accrued interest as of June 30, 2021 as well as other amounts due to the CEO of Sera Labs into a new secured promissory note Secured Duitch Note with a new principal amount of million and an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The Secured Duitch Note is secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. The Secured Duitch Note was due on , and the Company and the CEO of Sera Labs are negotiating the terms to extend the Secured Duitch Note. On November 16, 2021, the Company entered into a secured promissory note (the Secured November Note with Mr. Bell for a principal amount of million. The Secured November Note is due on and has an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The Secured November Note is secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. From May 3, 2021 through December 28, 2021, the Company entered into several secured promissory notes (the Secured Notes with several of Dov Szapiro s affiliated investment companies Mr. Szapiro for a total principal amount of million. The Secured Notes are due on and have an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The Secured Notes are secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. On January 12, 2022, the Company entered into a secured promissory note (the Secured January Note with the CEO of Sera Labs for a principal amount of million (the Second Duitch Note with an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The Second Duitch Note is secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. The Second Duitch Note was due on and the Company and the CEO of Sera Labs are negotiating the terms to extend the Second Duitch Note. On January 10, 2022, the Company entered into several secured promissory notes (the Secured January Notes with Mr. Szapiro for a total principal amount of million. The Secured January Notes are due on and have an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The Secured January Notes are secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million and million, respectively of accrued related party interest and is recorded in accrued expenses. Interest expense in regard to related party payables for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021was million and , respectively. 25 Table of Contents Note to a company due June 6, 2022, including interest at 4.42 per annum; unsecured; interest due monthly Current portion of loan payable Loan payable, less current portion Interest expense for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. Secured Promissory note to a company originally due June 30, 2022; interest at 10 per annum payable at maturity Secured Promissory note to a company originally due May 18, 2021 due June 30, 2022; interest at 10 per annum payable at maturity Secured Promissory note to a company originally due January 13, 2022 was due June 30, 2022; interest at 10 per annum payable at maturity Secured promissory notes to a company originally due April 8, 2022 and October 30, 2021 was rolled into a new secured promissory notes now due June 30, 2022; interest at 10 per annum payable at maturity Secured promissory note to a company due May 31, 2022; interest at 10 per annum payable at maturity Secured promissory note to a company due May 31, 2022; interest at 10 per annum payable at maturity Promissory notes to a company, , terms of the promissory notes are still being negotiated Secured promissory notes to a company due June 30, 2022; interest at 10 per annum payable at maturity Secured promissory notes to a company due June 30, 2022; interest at 10 per annum payable at maturity Promissory notes to a company, , terms of the promissory notes are still being negotiated Current portion of note payable On May 18, 2020 and August 12, 2020, the Company entered into unsecured promissory notes Notes with an investor for million and million, respectively. The Notes were due on and , respectively, and have an interest rate of per annum, payable in quarterly payments. The principal and accrued interest under the Notes can convert into convertible promissory notes if the Company consummates a debt financing for the sale and issuance of promissory notes that are convertible into common stock of the Company on terms that are more favorable to new investors than the terms described in the term sheet included in the Notes. Upon notice by the Company of such debt financing, the holder of the Notes shall have the right, but not the obligation, to convert the Notes into convertible promissory notes, with the same principal amount and interest accruing from the date of issuance of the Notes, on the same terms as the convertible promissory notes issued to such new investors. On October 30, 2021, both the Company and the investor agreed to roll the amount of principal and accrued interest as of October 30, 2021 into new secured promissory notes New August May Notes with a new principal amount of million and million. The New August May Notes are due on and has an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The New August May Notes are secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. On January 13, 2021 and February 25, 2021, the Company received a total of 0.5 million from an investment company in exchange for a promissory note. At the time the Company received the 0.5 million, terms of promissory note were not yet finalized. On October 30, 2021, both the Company and the investment company agreed to roll the amount of principal and accrued interest as of October 30, 2021 into a new secured promissory note New January 2021 Note with a principal amount of million. The New January 2021 Note is due on June 15, 2022 and has an interest rate of 10 per annum, payable at maturity. The New January 2021 Note is secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. 26 Table of Contents million and 0.3 million, respectively, from an investment company in exchange for two promissory notes. At the time the Company received the total amount of 0.5 million, terms of promissory notes were not yet finalized. On October 30, 2021, both the Company and the investment company agreed to roll the amount of principal and accrued interest as of October 30, 2021 into new secured promissory notes New April September 2021 Notes with principal amounts of 0.3 million and 0.3 million. The New April September 2021 Notes are due on and has an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The New April September 2021 Notes are secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. On October 27, 2021, the Company received million from an investment company in exchange for a secured promissory note October 2021 Note ). The October 2021 Note is due on and has an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The October 2021 Note is secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. As of the filing date of this report, the Company and the investment company are negotiating the terms to extend the October 2021 Note. On November 18, 2021, the Company received million from an investment company in exchange for a secured promissory note November 2021 Note ). The November 2021 Note is due on and has an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The November 2021 Note is secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. As of the filing date of this report, the Company and the investment company are negotiating the terms to extend the November 2021 Note. From October 15, 2021 to December 15, 2021, the Company received at total of million from an investment company in exchange for promissory notes. Both the Company and the investment company agreed to negotiate the terms of the promissory notes and as of the filing date of this report, the Company and the investment company are still negotiating the terms of the promissory notes. On December 16, 2021, the Company received at total of million from an investment company in exchange for secured promissory note December 2021 Note ). The December 2021 Note is due on and has an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The December 2021 Note is secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. On January 18, 2022, the Company received million from an investment company in exchange for a secured promissory note January 2022 Note ). The January 2022 Note is due on and has an interest rate of per annum, payable at maturity. The January 2022 Note is secured by all the Company s personal property, now existing or later arising, including accounts, chattel paper, commercial tort claims, fixtures, intellectual property, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, inventory, equipment, general intangibles, deposit accounts, financial assets, documents, instruments, goods and money and all proceeds of all of the foregoing. As of the filing date of this report, the Company and the investment company are negotiating the terms to extend the January 2022 Note. From January 31, 2022 to March 31, 2022, the Company received at total of 2.1 million from an investment company in exchange for promissory notes. Both the Company and the investment company agreed to negotiate the terms of the promissory notes and as of the filing date of this report, the Company and investment company are still negotiating the terms of the promissory notes. Interest expense for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 27 Table of Contents Current portion of convertible promissory notes Series B subordinated convertible note at fair value Total convertible promissory notes Less: Investor Note offset Series B Note Carrying value of convertible promissory notes at fair value Less: current portion of convertible promissory notes at fair value Convertible promissory notes, less current portion On October 30, 2020, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement with an institutional investor (the Investor for the purchase of two new series of convertible notes with an aggregate principal amount of . Concurrently the Company consummated the sale to the Investor of a Series A subordinated convertible note (the Series A Note with an initial principal amount of and a Series B senior secured convertible note (the Series B Note, and together with the Series A Note, the Convertible Notes and, each a Convertible Note with an initial principal amount of in a private placement (the Private Placement ). The Series A Note was sold with an original issue discount of and the Series B Note was sold with an original issue discount of . The Investor paid for the Series A Note to be issued to the Investor by delivering in cash consideration and paid for the Series B Note to be issued to the Investor by delivering a secured promissory note (the Investor Note with an initial principal amount of . The Company will receive cash in respect of a Series B Note only upon cash repayment of the corresponding Investor Note. In certain circumstances, the Investor Note may be automatically satisfied through netting against the Series B Note, as described more fully below, rather than through the payment of cash. Until an Investor Note is repaid, the original issue discount and the rest of the principal under the corresponding Series B Note is considered to be restricted. Upon any repayment of the Investor Note, the principal of the corresponding Series B Note becomes unrestricted on dollar-for-dollar basis, along with a proportional amount of the original issue discount. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company received million from the Investor Note, leaving a remaining balance of million of the Investor Note as of December 31, 2020, which is netted against the Series B Note and included in convertible promissory notes in the balance sheet. The placement agent received a placement agent fee of at the closing of the Private Placement, representing 8 of the gross cash proceeds at the closing. After deducting the placement agent fee, the Company s estimated expenses associated with the Private Placement and the repayment of the September Note, the Company s net cash proceeds at the closing were approximately . If the Investor Note is subsequently satisfied in full by payment in cash, the additional financial advisory fee on the cash proceeds received from the Investor Note will be another , and the aggregate net cash proceeds from the Private Placement as a whole will be approximately . In addition, the placement agent received a warrant (the Warrant exercisable for two years for the purchase of an aggregate of up to 242,424 shares of the Company s common stock, at an exercise price of per share. The Warrant may also be exercised by means of a cashless exercise or net exercise. Upon the achievement of certain milestones, the placement agent is entitled to receive an additional warrant, on the same terms as the Warrant, exercisable for an aggregate of up to shares of the Company s common stock (collectively with the shares underlying the Warrant, the Warrant Shares ). The Warrant Shares, when issued, will have the same rights, preferences and privileges (including the registration rights described under Registration Rights Agreement below) as the shares underlying the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes mature on October 30, 2022 with respect to the Series A Note and October 30, 2021 with respect to the Series B Note (the Maturity Date ), subject to extension in certain circumstances, including bankruptcy and outstanding events of default. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Investor an amount in cash (other than restricted amounts under a Series B Note) presenting all outstanding principal, Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Convertible Notes), if any, accrued and unpaid interest and accrued and unpaid Late Charges (as defined in the Convertible Notes) on such principal, except that any restricted amount under the Series B Note will be automatically satisfied on the Maturity Date (in lieu of a cash payment) by Maturity Netting (as defined in the Investor Note described below). The Company may not prepay any amounts due under the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes shall bear no interest unless there is an occurrence, and during the continuance, of an Event of Default at which point interest shall be . 28 Table of Contents per share. The conversion price is subject to full ratchet antidilution protection upon any transaction in which the Company is deemed to have granted, issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock. If the Company enters into any agreement to issue any variable rate securities, other than a bona fide at-the-market offering or equity line of credit, the Investor has the additional right to substitute such variable price (or formula) for the conversion price. If an Event of Default has occurred under the Convertible Notes, the Investor may elect to alternatively convert the Convertible Notes at the redemption premium described therein. Promptly after the consummation of the sale of the Convertible Notes, the Company repaid in full the outstanding principal balance and all accrued but unpaid interest expense on the Senior Promissory Note issued on September 25, 2020 to the Investor (the September Note ). The cash payment to the Investor to satisfy the September Note was in the amount . On January 5, 2022, the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement (the Forbearance Agreement with the Investor pursuant to which the Investor has agreed not to exercise, with certain exclusions, any of its judicial or administrative enforcement actions to obtain cash or other assets (excluding Common Stock or other assets issuable upon conversion or exchange of the Series B Note in accordance with the terms thereof) from the Company on account of any payment obligations of the Company under the Series B Note or the Event of Default Redemption Notice that exist as of the date of the Forbearance Agreement or that may arise from the date of this Agreement through February 15, 2022. See Note 21 for additional information as of the filing date of this report. Payment of Amounts Due under the Convertible Notes On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Investor an amount in cash (other than restricted amounts under a Series B Note) presenting all outstanding principal, Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Convertible Notes), if any, accrued and unpaid interest and accrued and unpaid Late Charges (as defined in the Convertible Notes) on such principal, except that any restricted amount under the Series B Note will be automatically satisfied on the Maturity Date (in lieu of a cash payment) by Maturity Netting (as defined in the Investor Note described below). The Company may not prepay any amounts due under the Convertible Notes. Interest The Convertible Notes shall bear no interest unless there is an occurrence, and during the continuance, of an Event of Default (as defined in the Convertible Notes). During any such Event of Default, the Convertible Notes will accrue interest at the rate of per annum. See Events of Default below. Conversion; Alternate Conversion upon Event of Default Each Convertible Note (other than restricted amounts under a Series B Note) is convertible, at the option of the Investor, into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 1.32 per share. The conversion price is subject to full ratchet antidilution protection upon any transaction in which the Company is deemed to have granted, issued or sold, any shares of Common Stock. If the Company enters into any agreement to issue any variable rate securities, other than a bona fide at-the-market offering or equity line of credit, the Investor has the additional right to substitute such variable price (or formula) for the conversion price. If an Event of Default has occurred under the Convertible Notes, the Investor may elect to alternatively convert the Convertible Notes at the redemption premium described therein. Conversion Limitation ; provided that any such increase will not be effective until the 61st day after delivery of a notice to the Company of such increase. 29 Table of Contents . Upon the achievement of certain milestones, the placement agent is entitled to receive an additional warrant, on the same terms as the Warrant, exercisable for an aggregate of up to 363,636 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company used the Black-Scholes model to determine the fair value of the Warrants issued to the Placement Agent. The Company has elected the Fair Value Option for the Series A Note and Series B Note, accordingly the fair value of the Warrants issued to the placement agent were expensed. The following table sets forth the assumptions used and calculated aggregated fair values of the warrants: Expected stock price volatility Expected dividend payout Expected warrant life (in years) Expected forfeiture rate Fair Value Option for the Series A and Series B Notes The Company elected the fair value option under ASC 825, Financial Instruments , for both the Series A and Series B Notes and accounted for the Notes as follows (1) the portion of the change in the liability s fair value that is attributable to a change in instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income (2) the remaining change in the liability s fair value in net income (3) the excess of the fair value over the proceeds is recognized as an expense and (4) upfront costs and fees are recognized in earnings as incurred Gains and losses attributable to changes in credit risk are determined using observable credit default spreads for the issuer or comparable companies; these gains and losses were insignificant during all periods presented. The Company recognized a loss of million and million at the time of issuance of the Series A and Series B Notes, respectively, as a result of the make whole provision noted within the debt arrangements as the debt holders would be awarded a variable number of shares at the time of conversion which would always equate to an amount greater than the principal amount of the debt. The Company recorded a loss of million and million relating to the Series A and Series B Notes, respectively, attributed to the change if fair value of the Series A and Series B Notes for the three months period ended March 31, 2022 and were recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. The Company recorded a gain of million and million relating to the Series A and Series B Notes, respectively, attributed to the change if fair value of the Series A and Series B Notes for the three months period ended March 31, 2021 and were recorded in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. Granted - - Exercised - Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted - - Exercised - - Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, March 31, 2022 Exercisable at March 31, 2022 30 Table of Contents Warrant summary as of December 31, 2021: 0.66 The change in warrant value for the three months ended March 31, 2022and 2021 was and , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of warrants outstanding and exercisable at March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. shares of the common stock of the Company are available for grant. On November 28, 2020, the Company registered an additional shares of common stock of the Company that are available to be granted by filing a Form S-3 Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933. The Board of Directors have determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to provide an additional incentive for certain employees, including executive officers, and non-employee members of the Board of Directors of the Company by granting to them awards with respect to the common stock of the Company pursuant to the Plan. The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for awards in the form of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards Awards ). . The Company did not issue any NSO s, ISO s, RSC s or RSU s during the three months ended March 31, 2022. The Company issued Nonstatutory Stock Options NSO to employees of the Company and did not issue any Incentive Stock Options ISO ), Restricted Common Stock RCS and Restricted Stock Units RSU during the three months ended March 31, 2021. Vesting periods for awarded RCS, ISO s and NSO s range from immediate to quarterly over a year period. Vesting period for RSU s is the earlier of (i) the day prior to the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders following the date of grant, and (ii) one (1) year from the Date of Grant. For ISO s and NSO s awarded, the term to exercise their ISO or NSO is years. The Company issued stock options to a consultant that contains performance-based vesting conditions where revenue milestones are to be met over a certain period. Such stock option awards would be valued using a Monte Carlo simulation based on the probability of the performance condition being met and the underlying expense would be recognized as the associated vesting conditions are met. No stock options that contain performance-based vesting conditions vested during the three months ended March 31, 2022 and the likelihood of meeting the performance-based condition is currently nil. 31 Table of Contents Granted Exercised - - Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted - - Exercised - - Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, March 31, 2022 Exercisable at March 31, 2022 3,760,015 3,760,015 The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable at March 31, 2022 was . The aggregate grant date fair value of options granted during the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 and amounted to and million, respectively. Compensation expense related to stock options was million and million for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of March 31, 2022, the total unrecognized fair value compensation cost related to unvested stock options was million, which is to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of approximately years. 32 Table of Contents Expected stock price volatility 84.52 Expected dividend payout Expected option life (in years) - Expected forfeiture rate Restricted Stock Subject to the restrictions set with respect to the particular Award, a recipient of Restricted Stock generally shall have the rights and privileges of a shareholder, including the right to vote the Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends; provided that, any cash dividends and stock dividends with respect to the Restricted Stock shall be withheld for the recipient s account, and interest may be credited on the amount of the cash dividends withheld. The cash dividends or stock dividends so withheld and attributable to any particular share of Restricted Stock (and earnings thereon, if applicable) shall be distributed to the recipient in cash or, at the discretion of the Board or Committee, in shares of common stock having a fair market value equal to the amount of such dividends, if applicable, upon the release of restrictions on the Restricted Stock and, if the Restricted Stock is forfeited, the recipient shall have no right to the dividends. The Company s restricted stock activity was as follows: Granted Vested 1.26 Forfeited/Expired - Non-vested, December 31, 2021 - - Granted - Vested - Forfeited/Expired - Non-vested, March 31, 2022 - Compensation expense related to restricted shares for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 was and million, respectively. At March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had 0 and 0, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock awards. Compensation will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 0 years and 0 years, respectively. Restricted Stock Units The terms and conditions of a grant of Restricted Stock Units shall be determined by the Board or Committee. No shares of common stock shall be issued at the time a Restricted Stock Unit is granted. A recipient of Restricted Stock Units shall have no voting rights with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the expiration of the restrictions applicable to a Restricted Stock Unit, The Company will either issue to the recipient, without charge, one share of common stock per Restricted Stock Unit or cash in an amount equal to the fair market value of one share of common stock. 33 Table of Contents Granted Vested Forfeited/Expired Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted - Vested - Forfeited/Expired - Outstanding, March 31, 2022 At March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock units. Compensation will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years and years, respectively. Compensation expense related to restricted stock units for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. All compensation expense related to restricted stock units were included in selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. common shares with a par value of per share. As of March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, there were and shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. Common Share Issuances From January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021, the Company issued common stock shares, at prices per share in connection to issuances from our 2017 Equity Plan. The total value of these issuances was million. From January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021, the Company issued common stock shares, at prices per share in connection to several consulting agreements. The total value of these issuances was million. From January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021, the Company issued common stock shares, at a price of , from a cash-less exercise of certain warrants. Total value of these issuances was million. From January 1, 2022 to March 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock shares, at a , the Alternative Conversion Price, in connection to conversion of million of the Series B Note plus common stock shares at a price per share of , in connection to the make-whole-amounts totaling million per the terms of the Series B Note. Common Stock Issuable In 2018, the Company entered into an amendment to extend the maturity date of a convertible promissory note. As compensation for extending the note, the Company is to issue common stock shares of the Company at a price of per share. As of the filing of this Current Report on Form 10-Q, the Company has not yet issued these common stock shares and has recorded a stock issuable of million. From January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021, the Company entered into Consulting Agreements Agreements with individuals. Per the terms of the Agreements, the Company is to issue common stock shares of the Company at prices per share. These common stock shares were issued subsequent to the filing of the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 17, 2021. On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement Agreement with individuals. Per the terms of the Agreement, the Company is to issue common stock shares of the Company at prices per share. As of our filing of our Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company has not yet issued these common stock shares and has recorded a stock payable of million. 34 Table of Contents Operating Loss Assets Accounts receivable, net Inventory, net Interest expense Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill Summary financial information for the two reportable segments for March 31, 2021 is as follows (in thousands): Operating Loss Assets Accounts receivable, net 7 Inventory, net Interest expense Depreciation and amortization Impairment of goodwill Disaggregation of Revenues and Concentration Risk The following table presents the percentage of consolidated revenues attributable to products or services classes that represent greater than ten percent of consolidated revenues for the three months March 31, 2022 and 2021: 11 Cosemtic sales Revolution Line Product sales - CBD 85 Total The Company received revenue from one customer representing of consolidated revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2022. Accounts receivable from this customer at March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was million and 0, respectively. The Company did not receive revenue from any one customer that individually represents greater than ten percent of consolidated revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2021. 35 Table of Contents million in cash (the Upfront Payment and (ii) up to shares of the Company s common stock. On October 1, 2020, the Parties entered into a Waiver of Closing Condition, pursuant to which the Company s obligation to pay the Upfront Payment at the Effective Time was extended to October 13, 2020. Pursuant to the Sera Labs Merger Agreement, Sera Labs security holders are also entitled to receive up to shares of the Company s common stock (the Clawback Shares based on the achievement of certain sales milestones up to an aggregate maximum amount of million as set forth in the Sera Labs Merger Agreement. Subsequent to the Effective Time and for a period of two years, the Company agreed to make available to Sera Labs million for working capital, less the outstanding amount of the Secured Promissory Note previously issued by the Company to Sera Labs. total potential shares to be issued, shares are considered contingent shares based on the achievement of certain sales milestones up to an aggregate maximum amount of million as described in the Sera Labs Merger Agreement. Contingent Shares ). Under ASC 480-10-25, based on the variable number of shares to be issued as part of the acquisition, the fair value of the Contingent Shares of million will be recorded as a liability as contingent share consideration as of October 2, 2020. The following table presents the change in fair value of contingent consideration (in thousands): Fair value at March 31, 2022 Net change in fair value three months ended March 31, 2022 (846 The Company estimated the fair value of the preliminary purchase price for the acquisition of Sera Labs is approximately million. million of the Upfront Payment ii) Company s closing price 1.38) on October 2, 2020 for the closing merger consideration shares ; and iii) the estimated fair value using the Monte-Carlo simulation of stock price correlation, and other variables over a 24 month performance period applied to the Clawback Shares. Closing Merger Consideration Shares Contingent Consideration Shares (Clawback Shares) Liabilities assumed - Total purchase price The Company allocated the acquisition consideration to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquired tangible and identifiable intangible assets were determined based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. It is also based on estimates and assumptions made by management at the time of the acquisition. As such, this was classified as Level 3 fair value hierarchy measurements and disclosures. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values is assigned to goodwill. 36 Table of Contents Other assets Property, plant and equipment Other long term assets Intangibles assets Goodwill Accounts payable and accrued expenses Contract liabilities Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Net assets acquired Information regarding identifiable intangible assets acquired in the Sera Labs acquisition is presented below: years Tradename years Non-compete years Total finite-lived intangible assets acquired years million, of which million was paid to the Company on May 6, 2021, and the balance of million was paid to the Company s attorneys. The Company recognized a settlement income of million during 2021 as a result of this agreement. During the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not recognize any revenue relating to work completed in regard to the transfer of technology fee as discussed in the License Agreement with Canopy. 37 Table of Contents million, of which million was paid to the Company on May 6, 2021, and the balance of million was paid to the Company s attorneys. On April 12, 2022, the Company filed a civil action in the California Super Court for the County of Ventura against the Investor referenced in Note 14, alleging that the Investor entered into the Purchase Agreement as an unregistered securities dealer and unlicensed finance lender in violation of California law. The Company s complaint seeks rescission of the Purchase Agreement, damages, attorneys fees and other relief. As of the filing date of this report, the Investor has not responded to the complaint. Tax Filings The Company tax filings are subject to audit by taxing authorities in jurisdictions where it conducts business. These audits may result in assessments of additional taxes that are subsequently resolved with the authorities or potentially through the courts. As of March 31, 2022, the Company is not subject to any such these audits. Employment Contracts The Company has entered into a severance benefit contract with an executive officer. Under the provisions of the contracts, the Company may be required to incur severance obligations for matters relating to changes in control, as defined, and certain terminations of executives. As of March 31, 2021, the Company had such severance obligations, in accordance with the severance benefit provisions of the respective employment and severance benefit agreement. On November 3, 2021 the Company entered into a separation agreement (the Berlent Separation Agreement with Jonathan Berlent whereby the parties have agreed to a mutual separation of Mr. Berlent s employment as the Company s Chief Business Officer, effective November 3, 2021. Pursuant to the terms of the Berlent Separation Agreement, Mr. Berlent will be entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) a gross sum of 0.01 million relating to deferred payroll; (ii) separation pay of three weeks of Mr. Berlent s gross pay, less standard payroll deductions and withholdings; and (iii) for a period of five months, an amount equal to the cost of his COBRA health benefits if he enrolls for COBRA coverage. The Berlent Separation Agreement contains a release and certain restrictive covenants that are binding upon Mr. Berlent. Indemnification In the normal course of business, The Company may provide indemnification of varying scope under The Company s agreements with other companies or consultants, typically The Company s clinical research organizations, suppliers and others. Pursuant to these agreements, The Company will generally agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and reimburse the indemnified parties for losses and expenses suffered or incurred by the indemnified parties arising from claims of third parties in connection with the use or testing of The Company s products. Indemnification provisions could also cover third party infringement claims with respect to patent rights, copyrights, or other intellectual property pertaining to The Company s products. The Company s office and laboratory facility leases also will generally contain indemnification obligations, including obligations for indemnification of the lessor for environmental law matters and injuries to persons or property of others, arising from The Company s use or occupancy of the leased property. The term of these indemnification agreements will generally continue in effect after the termination or expiration of the particular research, development, services, lease, or license agreement to which they relate. Historically, The Company has not been subject to any claims or demands for indemnification. The Company also maintains various liability insurance policies that limit The Company s financial exposure. As a result, The Company management believes that the fair value of these indemnification agreements is minimal. Accordingly, The Company has not recorded any liabilities for these agreements as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 38 Table of Contents million during the first 12 months of the Term. Base monthly rent will increase annually, over the base monthly rent then in effect, by . If the Lease is terminated based on the occurrence of an event of default, The Company will be obligated to pay the abated rent to the lessor. On May 1, 2019, Sera Labs entered into a lease agreement to lease a square feet office space and was absorbed by the Company upon acquisition of Sera Labs on October 2, 2020. The agreement contains an option to extend the lease for an additional 36 months and the Company will reassess the lease term of the contract when it has determined it is reasonably certain to exercise the option. Sera Labs will pay base monthly rent in the amount of 0.01 million during the first 12 months of the Term. Base monthly rent will increase annually, over the base monthly rent then in effect, by 3 . If the Lease is terminated based on the occurrence of an event of default, The Company will be obligated to pay the abated rent to the lessor. Total rent expense was 0.1 million and 0.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company classified the Sera Labs lease as an operating lease in accordance with ASC 842 and has recognized a right-of-use asset and a lease liability based on the present values of its lease payments over its respective lease term. The Company used the services of a valuation company to compute the IBR which is necessary to determine the present value of its lease payments since a borrowing rate is not explicitly available on the lease agreement. The concluded IBR is . Operating lease payments and lease expense are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. As of March 31, 2022, the current portion and long-term portion of operating lease liability is million and million, respectively. The future payments due under the operating lease as of March 31 are as follows: 2023 2024 2025 2026 Undiscounted cash flow Effects of discounting Lease liabilities recognized Finance leases During 2019 the Company entered into a -year equipment lease rental which requires the Company to pay monthly payments of million. The Company determined the payments represented substantially all of the fair value of the asset and recorded a right of use asset for million and a finance lease liability for million during the year ended December 31, 2019 within other assets and liabilities. The company will make payment of 0.02 annually until October 2024. Interest associated with the lease is 0.01 million or less annually based on a discount rate of . As of March 31, 2022, the current portion and long-term portion of finance capital lease liability was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company the current and long-term portion of finance capital lease liability was million and million, respectively. 39 Table of Contents 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Finance lease liabilities recognized Operating and Financing leases The following table presents supplemental balance sheet information related to operating and financing leases as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (in thousands, except lease term and discount rate): Right-of-use lease liabilities, current Right-of-use lease liabilities, noncurrent Total operating lease liabilities Financing Leases Finance lease right-to-use assets, net Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Total financing lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Financing leases years years Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Financing leases million from an investment company in exchange for promissory notes. Both the Company and the investment company agreed to negotiate the terms of the promissory note and as of the filing date of this report, the Company and Investor are still negotiating the terms of the promissory note. 40 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, and the discussion under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022. Overview Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc. formerly known as CURE Pharmaceutical Holding Corp. CPHC ), its wholly-owned subsidiaries, CURE Pharmaceutical Corporation CURE Pharmaceutical ), Cure Chemistry Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as CHI and The Sera Labs, Inc. Sera Labs (CPHC, CURE Pharmaceutical, CHI and Sera Labs, collectively the Company, we, our, us, or CURE is a biopharmaceutical company focusing on the development and manufacturing of drug formulation and drug delivery technologies in novel dosage forms to improve drug safety, efficacy and patient adherence. Our mission is to improve lives by redefining how medications are delivered and experienced. Our primary business model is to develop wellness and drug products using our proprietary technology, which development may include preclinical and clinical studies and regulatory approval, and grant product rights to partners responsible for marketing, sales and distribution, while retaining exclusive manufacturing rights and market, sell and distribute branded health, wellness, and beauty products through Sera Labs. We operate in a 25,000 square foot cGMP manufacturing plant in Oxnard, CA. On October 2, 2020, we completed our acquisition of Sera Labs, a Delaware corporation pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 23, 2020 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among the Company, Cure Labs, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), Sera Labs and Nancy Duitch, in her capacity as the security holders representative. The Merger Agreement provides for the acquisition of Sera Labs by the Company through the merger of Merger Sub with and into Sera Labs, with Sera Labs surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). Our technology platform includes oral thin film OTF ), and encapsulation systems microCURE compatible with OTF, chews, oral solutions, topical and transdermal dose forms. We apply our technology to pharmaceutical drugs and dietary supplements for the wellness market. OTF products are about the size of a postage stamp and composed of excipients such as polymers, stabilizers, lipids and surfactants which are all generally recognized as safe. They can be designed to deliver active ingredients to the gastrointestinal, or GI, tract when placed on the tongue and swallowed, or directly to the blood stream when placed under the tongue (sublingual) or on the inner lining of the cheek and lip (buccal). We mainly sell multiple commercial wellness products through Sera Labs where the Company generates the majority of revenue from. We also sell commercial wellness products under our distribution partners brands. We have also developed a 50,000IU and Vitamin D3 OTF for oral administration to be distributed by Meroven Pharmaceuticals in the United States and the MENA region. Our pharmaceutical drug program includes: CUREfilm Blue A 25mg and 50mg sildenafil OTF for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. We have completed our pre-IND meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA ), confirming a 505(b)(2) regulatory path. CUREfilm Canna We are developing several cannabinoid products with optimized pharmacokinetic profiles using microCURE and CUREfilm technology. CUREfilm Anti-Viral We are developing an orally bio-available anti-viral of an existing therapeutic leveraging existing pre-clinical/clinical safety and toxicity data. CUREfilm Central Nervous System (CNS) In the area of CNS indications, we are developing a novel dosage form of a difficult to treat disease states utilizing our proprietary CUREfilm dosage form. These could include but are not limited to mental health disorders such as depression, PTSD, addiction disorders, obsessive compulsive disorder, and anxiety. 41 Table of Contents The pharmaceutical industry is facing ever-growing R D expenditures and fewer new drug approvals as a result of increasing regulation, a failure to predict safety problems or a lack of efficacy early in a drug s development, and high investment in new technologies to improve the speed and accuracy of drug development. Researching and developing new molecular entities (NMEs) is risky as measured by an ever-increasing R D spend (13.4 average increase per year), low clinical trial success rate (10 and sluggish NME drug approvals with 50 NMEs approved in 2021, down from 53 in 2020. Faced with these challenges, drug developers are looking toward alternative dosage forms, for which R D investments dwarves those of NMEs. Alternative dosage forms can address safety and efficacy limitations observed during clinical development of an NME using conventional formulations, by improving its pharmacokinetic profile. In addition to these challenges, many marketed drugs are coming off-patent, creating a need to fill revenue gaps. Novel dosage forms can offer strategies for surviving patent cliffs by extending market exclusivity when they address a bona fide unmet need. The pharmaceutical industry is also challenged by the many patients who do not adhere to a regime of prescription drugs because of side effects, difficulty in administration or the taste of a drug. According to HealthPrize and Capgemini, the loss of global revenues by drug makers due to non-adherence to medicines is 630 billion every year and according to a recent paper published in The Annals of Pharmacotherapy titled Cost of Prescription Drug-Related Morbidity and Mortality the estimated annual cost of prescription drug-related morbidity and mortality resulting from nonoptimized medication therapy was 528.4 billion in 2016 US dollars and about 275,689 deaths per year. Medication adherence and the patient experience can be improved with strategies such as replacing an injectable drug with a sublingual drug, simplifying the dosing schedule with a sustained release dosage form and reducing toxicities by avoiding the GI tract (e.g. through transdermal or transmucosal delivery). Improved formulations can address these many challenges by cutting down development costs, reducing the time to market, extending product patent protection, improving patient compliance and increasing drug efficacy. For example, reformulation can enable drug repositioning, the process of finding new uses for failed drugs, such as those abandoned for lack of efficacy or excessive toxicity after Phase II trials, or marketed drugs for which new uses will extend patent life and, therefore, profitability. 42 Table of Contents Our Strategy Our commercial strategy is designed to mitigate risk by pursuing a diversified model in the following categories: Pharmaceuticals We partner with companies that are responsible for marketing and distribution of the products we develop and manufacture. On a case-by-case basis, we may be responsible for clinical development and regulatory approval with the FDA and/or other regulatory bodies. Deal terms may include upfront licensing fees, development costs, milestone payments, royalties and exclusive manufacturing rights. Within this category, we are pursuing products with 505(b)(2) approval pathways such as our Sildenafil OTF CUREfilm Blue. While we currently manufacture nutraceutical products in our state-of-the-art cGMP oral dissolving film manufacturing facility, we are undertaking steps to manufacture pharmaceutical products for commercial use. Cannabinoids and Other Schedule 1 Drugs We are specifically investing in pharmaceutical-grade cannabinoid products, such as tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD). The oral bioavailability of cannabinoids is very low due to extensive first-pass metabolism. Consequently, potency and release times are unpredictable and inconsistent. Moreover, cannabinoids do not readily dissolve in water which adds to dosing difficulties and discrepancies. In addition to improving bioavailability, CUREfilm enables the loading of combinations of cannabinoids and botanical extracts which may provide maximum therapeutic benefit. We are sponsoring preclinical cannabinoid research at the Technion Israel Institute of Technology, where the laboratory of Dr. Dedi Meiri is identifying specific combinations of cannabinoids with anti-tumor effects. We are registered with the Drug Enforcement Administration DEA to manufacture Schedule 1 controlled substances at the Oxnard facility. Wellness We focus on evidence-based wellness products that are differentiated by using proprietary and/or proven active ingredients that we formulate for greater stability, overall quality and increased bioavailability. Wellness products can be cosmetics, OTC or dietary supplements which do not require FDA approval but do require following all GMPs. Thus, they are less costly and faster to launch in the marketplace. We sell white labeled and private labeled wellness products which we produce in our state-of-the-art cGMP manufacturing facility. While manufacturing fees for such products have lower margins than prescription drugs, they provide us with short term revenue opportunities. Our recently acquired wholly-owned subsidiary, Sera Labs, is a trusted leader in the health, wellness, and beauty sectors of innovative products with cutting edge technology and superior ingredients such as CBD. Sera Labs creates high quality products that use science-backed, proprietary formulations. Its more than 25 products are sold under the brand names Seratopical , Seratopical Revolution, SeraLabs , and Nutri-Strips . Sera Labs sells its products at affordable prices, making them easily accessible on a global scale. Strategically positioned in the growth market categories of beauty, health wellness, and pet care, Sera Labs products are sold in major national drug, grocery chains and mass retailers. The company also sells products under private label to major retailers and multi-level marketers, as well as direct-to-consumer (DTC), via online website orders, including opt-in subscriptions. In December 2020, Nicole Kidman became the Global Brand Ambassador and Strategic Partner for Seratopical Skincare. In addition to being the face of the brand, Nicole Kidman will play an integral role in the strategic direction of product development and messaging. This partnership will allow for women of all skin tones and types to look and feel their best by using Sera Labs industry best ingredients. 43 Table of Contents Our Technology As a drug delivery company, we seek to grow our technological capabilities through internal innovation and acquisitions. On May 13, 2019, we acquired Chemistry Holdings, Inc., a formulation technology company that is developing innovative delivery systems for wellness and pharmaceutical products. This acquisition allows us to address the increased demand for solid, chewable, liquid and dermal products for immediate and controlled-release, particularly for poorly soluble molecules such as cannabinoids. Our expanded formulation and delivery platform, CUREform TM combines the right formulation with the right dosage form. In addition to novel chewable dosage forms, the acquisition gives us advanced encapsulation capabilities (microCURE) that serve to: Protect molecules from degradation during the manufacturing process and throughout shelf life Protect molecules from degradation in the body (e.g. stomach acids); and Increase a drug s bioavailability and optimize its release kinetics through: Increased solubility in water and therefore bodily fluids Enhanced permeability and retention in target tissue CUREfilm TM Technology The founders of CURE Pharmaceutical are pioneers in drug delivery and OTF, having launched the first therapeutic OTF product, Chloraseptic relief strips in 2003. OTF products are about the size of a postage stamp and can deliver medicines through the mucosal tissue in the mouth, sublingually or buccally on the cheek or more traditionally via the GI tract. Oral transmucosal drug delivery is a non-invasive route for drug delivery that allows for absorption directly into the vascularized tissue in the mouth, bypassing the hepatic first pass effect. This leads to reduced drug exposure and can offer a rapid onset of action. As an oral OTF, active ingredients can be either pre-solubilized within the matrix or encapsulated, or both for more effective GI absorption and/or sustained release. The quick dissolution nature of OTF means that no water is required for administration, improving patient compliance - especially among the elderly, children, and in conditions where patients have difficulty in swallowing. OTFs have significant advantages compared to other dosage forms (e.g., tablets and capsules), including: 44 Table of Contents Safety and Efficacy Potential for rapid onset of action which can be especially useful for indications such as motion sickness, erectile dysfunction, seizures, allergic attack or coughing, bronchitis or asthma. Potential to extend a drug s half-life and consequently extending dosage intervals. Transmucosal delivery can improve a drug s safety profile of therapy such as reduced gastric irritation. Transmucosal delivery can improve a drug s efficacy in patients with GI absorption issues. Accuracy in the administered dose can be better assured for each film. Patient Experience and Medication Adherence Difficulty swallowing tablets and capsules can be a problem for many individuals and can lead to a variety of adverse events and patient noncompliance with treatment regimens. It is estimated that over 16 million people in the United States have some difficulty swallowing, also known as dysphagia. Studies in adults evaluating the effect of tablet and capsule size on ease of swallowing suggest that increases in size are associated with increases in patient complaints related to swallowing difficulties at tablet sizes greater than approximately 8 mm in diameter. OTFs can readily be taken without the need to swallow or use of water or other beverages. Upon administration, there is a relatively low risk of the patient choking which can be most beneficial for patients suffering from motion sickness, dysphagia and repeated emesis. Easily administered to bedridden and non-cooperative patients (e.g., geriatric, pediatric, and psychiatric). They are hard to spit out. Configured with physical dimensions such that it is relatively easy and convenient to store and carry. Patients can conveniently carry multiple dissolvable films in his or her pocket or wallet. A single dose of strip can be carried individually without requiring the secondary container. OTFs are flexible with a pleasant mouth feel unlike oral dissolvable tablets which are brittle. Manufacturing and logistics The pouches or sachets offer larger printable 2D areas which traditional drug product formats do not. This allows the manufacturer to adapt to rapidly evolving labeling and regulatory requirements for information and anti-counterfeiting, such as product serialization. The manufacturing process has a low carbon foot print, with lower use of water for component preparation and sterilization as compared with other dosage forms. Even though not necessarily sterile, each dose unit is packed individually avoiding contact with other units. Tensile strength and plasticity of OTF allow for handling single, individual dose units without damage to the dosage form. Multiple SKUs can be produced by simply modifying the length of the OTF. Enables anti-counterfeit management and dose management. Adaptable for use with dispensing devices for pharmacy preparation or self-administration. Can be easily and conveniently handled, stored, and transported at room temperature. The CUREfilm platform is a scalable and versatile formulation and drug delivery system for both oral (OTF) and transdermal (skin) delivery. We believe that CUREfilm formulations can improve or match the pharmacokinetics of drugs in accordance with the desired outcome. The platform is compatible with a broad spectrum of molecules, for the formulation of both investigational and marketed prescription drugs and nutraceutical products. The specific advantages below are present with multiple CUREfilm products and platform technologies. The advantages listed below are expressly described in CURE s patent documents. Other advantages are present in specific products and platform technologies but not outlined in the patent documents and kept as trade secrets and proprietary equipment designs. Additional advantages are described in pending and unpublished patent documents, including, but not limited to the following: loading of multiple active ingredients on one dose unit; ability to accommodate high drug load per dose unit (e.g. > 200 mg); quickly dissolving/disintegrating (e.g. potential for low moisture level (e.g. ability to achieve desired performance characteristics while maintaining pleasant feeling in the mouth (e.g. soft, plush feeling with pliable film); ability to achieve desired performance characteristics while formulating active ingredients susceptible to degradation from low pH environments, light, heat, moisture, and oxygen; and multiple and unique ways to mask the bitter, metallic or salty taste of an active ingredient. 45 Table of Contents Intellectual Property The competitive advantages of the CUREform TM platform and products are protected by issued and ending patents, as well as trade secrets such as proprietary equipment design and manufacturing processes which allow us to produce CUREform products at commercial scale in a cGMP environment. We will be able to protect our technology and products from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent it is covered by valid and enforceable claims of our patents or is effectively maintained as trade secrets. Patents and other proprietary rights are thus an essential element of our business. Our success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, technology, and know-how, to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing it proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing U.S. and foreign patent applications related to our proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation, and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. We own or have exclusive rights to fourteen (14) issued U.S. patents, two (2) allowed U.S. patents, twenty three (23) pending applications in the United States, one (1) issued patent in China and one (1) international Patent Cooperation Treaty PCT patent application. These patents and applications relate, among others, to: a method and apparatus for minimizing heat, moisture, and shear damage to medicant incorporated into an edible film; edible films for administration of medicaments to animals; methods for modulating dissolution, bioavailability, bioequivalence; pharmaceutical composition and method of manufacturing; pharmaceutical composition with ionically crosslinked polymer encapsulation of active ingredient; multi-layered high dosage dissolvable film for oral administration; thin films with high load of active ingredient; high dosage dissolvable films for oral administration; methods and composition for improving sleep; oral dissolvable film that includes plant extracts and controlled substances; rapidly disintegrating film matrix for moisture sensitive compounds; protein-polysaccharide macromolecular complexes encapsulating ethyl alcohol; self-emulsifying oral thin film compositions; and topical preparation. Granted U.S. patents will expire between 2023 and 2035, excluding any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. If issued, pending applications would expire in 2040, excluding any patent term adjustment that might be available following the grant of the patent and any patent term extensions that might be available following the grant of marketing authorizations. We have five (5) registered trade and logomarks, and one pending trademark registration for which the opposition periods have expired without any opposition being filed. 46 Table of Contents Competition We face competition from pharmaceutical companies, generic drug companies, wellness and nutraceutical companies, as well as organizations developing advanced drug delivery platforms such as Lonza, Aquestive Therapeutics, BioDelivery Sciences International, IntelGenx, ARx Pharma and LTS Lohmann which have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than we have. Furthermore, we face competition from these entities as well as universities, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations for collaborative arrangements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific and management personnel and for licenses to additional technologies. Our success will be based in part on our ability to develop and manufacture products that address unmet medical needs and create value to patients at competitive price points. In addition, continuing to build our intellectual property portfolio and designing innovative approaches that surpass our competitors patents will be critical to success. Environmental Compliance Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of hazardous materials and chemicals. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specific waste products. We are also subject to numerous environmental, health and workplace safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, exposure to blood-borne pathogens and the handling of bio-hazardous materials. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations could be significant and may adversely affect capital expenditures to the extent we are required to procure expensive capital equipment to meet regulatory requirements. At this time, we believe that we are in compliance with environmental regulations applicable to our research and development and manufacturing facility located in Oxnard, California. Employees As of the date of this filing, we have 24 full-time employees. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Revenues for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 Revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2022 was 1.1 million as compared to 1.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2021. The decrease in revenue was mainly due to decrease in our DTC revenue attributed from Sera Labs when compared to the previous period. However, this decrease was offset by an increase in our wholesale revenue from sales of our Seratopical Revolution products in one of the largest retail stores in the United States. Cost of Goods Sold Cost of goods sold was 0.35 million in the three months ended March 31, 2022 compared to 0.41 million in the three months ended March 31, 2021. Cost of goods sold decreased by approximately 0.06 million during the three months ended March 31, 2022 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in DTC revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2022 compared to the same period 2021. 47 Table of Contents Research and Development Expenses For the three months ended March 31, 2022, research and development expenses decreased to 0.3 million compared to the three months ended March 31, 2021 of 0.6 million. The decrease in research and development expenses is mainly due to the Company not incurring the same third party contractor expenses for our CUREfilm Blue product during the three months ended March 31, 2022 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2021. In addition, the Company did incur any clinical expenses during the 2022 period compared to the 2021. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Our expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2022 are summarized as follows in comparison to our expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2021 (in thousands). Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 March 31, 2021 Consulting 54 219 Salaries and wages 504 523 Selling, general and administrative 2,047 2,395 Professional and investor relations 304 806 Noncash compensation 455 1,602 Total operating expenses 3,364 5,545 Consulting Consulting expense decreased for the three months ended March 31, 2022, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2021. The Company has reduced the number of consultants used during the three months period ended March 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, resulting in a decrease in consulting expenses. Salaries and wages Salaries and wages expense has slightly decreased by approximately 0.02 million during the three months ended March 31, 2022 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2021. This was due to a decrease in employees from during the 2022 period when compared to the same period in 2022. Selling, General and Administrative Selling, general and administrative expense increased by approximately 0.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2022, as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2021. This was mainly due to a decrease in our marketing spend and selling expenses incurred by Sera Labs during the 2022 period when compared to the same period in 2021 as well as a decrease in other general administrative expenses in the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period. However, this decrease in selling, general and administrative expense is offset by an increase in amortization expense mainly related to the IPR D that was placed in service during the year ended 2021 and thus the Company did not incur any amortization expense relating to our IPR D during the three months ended March 31, 2021. 48 Table of Contents Professional and Investor Relations Professional and investor relations expenses decreased by approximately 0.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2022 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2021. This was primarily due to the Company looking to a new investor relations firm to help increase awareness of our Company with potential new investors base. As a result, we did not utilize the same investor relations firm during the 2022 period as we did in the 2021 period. Non-cash Compensation Non-cash compensation expense decreased by approximately 1.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2022 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2021. This was primarily due to the Company recording the fair value of vested stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units issued from our 2017 Equity Plan during the three months ended March 31, 2021 and issue nearly as many stock options and restricted stock during the same period in 2022. Change in Fair Value Contingent Stock Consideration The change in fair value contingent stock consideration increased by approximately 0.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2022 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2021. The change in fair value contingent stock consideration during the three months ended March 31, 2022 was based on a change in probability percentages of achieving the milestones which was significantly different compared to the probability percentages estimated during the same period in 2021. In addition, the decrease in the stock price resulted in a decrease in the fair value of the contingent stock consideration. Impairment of Goodwill Impairment of goodwill increased by approximately 2.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2022 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2021. The impairment of goodwill during the three months ended March 31, 2022 was determined based on the qualitative factors that the fair value of goodwill is more likely than not to be less than its carrying amount and thus the fair value of a reporting unit, Cure Pharmaceutical, to be calculated and compared with its carrying amount and an impairment charge was recognized of approximately 2.7 million. Other Income/ (Expense) For the Three Months Ended (in thousands) March 31, 2022 March 31, 2021 Interest expense (196 (64 Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes (280 1,032 Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment - (41 Settlement income 82 - Interest income 2 2 Gain on extinguishment of debt - 399 Total other income (expense), net (392 1,328 Other income/(expense) decreased by approximately 1.7 million during the three months ended March 31, 2022 as compared to the three months ended March 31, 2021. This was primarily due to (i) an increase in interest expense of 0.1 million, (ii) aa decrease in the change in fair value of convertible promissory notes of 1.3 million, (iii) recording of settlement income of 0.08 million during the three months ended March 31, 2022 and (iv) a decrease in the gain on extinguishment of debt of the PPP loan that was forgiven during the three months ended March 31, 2021. 49 Table of Contents LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Working Capital Deficit (in thousands) March 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current assets 2,283 1,781 Current liabilities (25,060 (24,261 Working capital (deficiency) (22,777 (22,480 Working capital deficit as of March 31, 2022 was approximately 22.7 million, as compared to a working capital deficit of approximately 22.5 million as of December 31, 2021. As of March 31, 2022, current assets were approximately 2.3 million, comprised primarily of (i) cash of approximately 0.5 million, (ii) accounts receivable, net of approximately 0.5 million, (iii) inventory, net of approximately 0.8 million and (iv) prepaid expenses and other assets of approximately 0.5 million. As of December 31, 2021, current assets were approximately 1.8 million, comprised primarily of (i) cash of approximately 0.02 million, (ii) accounts receivable, net of approximately 0.4 million, (iii) inventory, net of approximately 0.9 million and (iv) prepaid expenses and other assets of approximately 0.5 million. As of March 31, 2022, current liabilities were approximately 24.8 million, comprised primarily of (i) approximately 15.4 million in notes payable, convertible notes payable and fair value of convertible promissory notes (ii) 2.2 million in related party payable, (iii) approximately 3.1 million in accounts payable; (iv) approximately 3.1 million in accrued expenses, (v) approximately 0.1 million of finance and operating lease payables and (vi) contingent share considerations of approximately 0.6 million. Comparatively, as of December 31, 2021, current liabilities were approximately 24.3 million, comprised primarily of (i) approximately 13.6 million in loans, notes, related party payables, convertible notes payable and fair value of convertible promissory notes, (ii) approximately 2.8 million in accounts payable; (iii) approximately 0.5 million in contract liabilities, (iv) approximately 3.8 million in accrued expenses, (v) approximately 0.1 million of finance and operating lease payables and (vi) contingent share considerations of approximately 1.4 million. Net Cash (in thousands) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 March 31, 2021 (in thousands) Net cash used in operating activities (1,834 (1,775 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities - 139 Net cash provided by financing activities 2,349 391 Net increase (decrease) in cash 515 (1,245 Net cash used in Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was approximately 1.8 million during the three months ended March 31, 2021. This was primarily due to the net loss of approximately 5.2 million, offset by (i) the fair value of vested stock options and restricted stock of approximately 0.5 million, (ii) impairment of goodwill of approximately 2.7 million, (iii) change in fair value of convertible promissory notes of approximately 0.3 million and (iv) depreciation and amortization of approximately 1.0 million which was increased by (v) the change in fair value of contingent share consideration approximately of 0.8 million, and (vi) increase in the change in accrued expenses of approximately 0.6 million. Comparatively, net cash used in operating activities was approximately 1.8 million during the three months ended March 31, 2021. This was primarily due to the net loss of approximately 3.2 million, offset by (i) stock based compensation of approximately 0.5 million, (ii) the fair value of vested stock options and restricted stock of approximately 1.1 million, and (iii) depreciation and amortization of approximately 0.7 million which was increased by (iv) the change in fair value of contingent share consideration and change in fair value of convertible promissory notes of 1.7 million, and (v) gain from extinguishment of debt of 0.4 million. 50 Table of Contents Net cash used in Investing Activities Net cash provided by investing activities of approximately 0.001 million during the three months ended March 31, 2022 was due to the purchase of an intangible asset for approximately 0.05 million. Comparatively, net cash provided by investing activities of approximately 0.1 million during the three months ended March 31, 2021 was due to (i) collection of a note receivable of approximately 0.2 million and (ii) the purchase of an intangible asset for approximately 0.05 million. Net cash provided by Financing Activities Net cash used by financing activities of approximately 0.4 million during the three months ended March 31, 2022 was primarily due to (i) proceeds from notes payable of 2.3 million (ii) proceeds from related party payables of 0.2 million and (iii) the repayment of debt in the amount of 0.1 million. Correspondingly, Net cash used by financing activities of approximately 0.4 million during the three months ended March 31, 2021 was primarily due to (i) proceeds from notes payable of 0.5 million and (ii) the repayment of debt in the amount of 0.1 million. We may need to raise additional operating capital in calendar year 2022 in order to maintain our operations and to realize our business plan. Without additional sources of cash and/or the deferral, reduction, or elimination of significant planned expenditures, we may not have the cash resources to continue as a going concern thereafter. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. The SEC has defined a company s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company s financial condition and results of operations, and which require the company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions that are significant to understanding our results. Although we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based upon information presently available. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions, judgments, or condition. Our 2021 Annual Report, contains additional information regarding the critical accounting policies that affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There have been no material changes to these policies in 2022. Please refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding recently adopted accounting standards. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Information for this Item is not required as we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are designed to ensure that: (1) information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (2) such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2022. Based on this assessment, management concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting as a result of the identified material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. In making this assessment, management used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system, including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication and (v) monitoring. 51 Table of Contents Identified Material Weakness A material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement or the financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Management identified the segregation of duties as a material weakness during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of March 31, 2022. Management has been implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weaknesses are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions planned include: re-design of our accounting processes and control procedures and identify gaps in our skills base and the expertise of our staff required to meet the financial reporting requirements of a public company. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we continued to execute upon our planned remediation actions which are all intended to strengthen our overall control environment. Additionally, Management has engaged a professional services firm with expertise in internal controls. In order to remediate the material weaknesses described above, management has initiated compensating controls in the near term and are enhancing and revising the design of existing controls and procedures to properly account for significant and unusual transactions. The following are the primary remediation efforts made by the Company: Prepare accounting memos over the debt issuances made by the Company in fiscal 2021 and 2020 which include derivative and warrants Review fair value of convertible promissory notes in relation to the Series A and B Notes Review of impairment of long-lived assets including goodwill and intangibles Review forms 10-Q and 10-K to ensure the appropriate disclosures are made within the SEC filed documents In addition, the Company engaged external SOX consultants to further enhance the Company s internal control environment. After several meetings with the key accounting personnel the following were put in place: Adoption of COSO SOX risk assessment memo Entity level COSO mapping SOX control narratives for financial reporting as well as other processes While we believe these additions have addressed our lack of segregation of duties, due to the timing of the events, they were not able to mitigate the material weakness for the three months period ended March 31, 2022. We are committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment and believe that these remediation efforts will represent significant improvements in our control environment. Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the relevance of our risk-based approach and the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. Management, with the participation of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) as of March 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that as of March 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is not effective as a result of the identified material weakness described herein. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to have a material effect, on our internal control over financial reporting. 52 Table of Contents PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We currently are not a party to any legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, in management s opinion, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, any litigation could have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. The information contained in Note 21 Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. Except as set forth therein, there have been no new material legal proceedings and no material developments in the legal proceedings reported in our 2021 Annual Report. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results, some of which are beyond our control. The occurrence of any of these risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or growth prospects or cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this report and those we may make from time to time. In evaluating the Company and its business, you should carefully consider the information included in this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the factors discussed under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as well as in other documents we file with the SEC. 53 Table of Contents ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES As of March 31, 2022, there were two convertible promissory notes (the Defaulted Notes totaling 550,000 that were in default as the maturity dates of these Notes have expired and have not yet been repaid or converted into common stock shares of the Company. The Company has offered to either repay the Defaulted Notes or request to have them converted into common stock shares of the Company. As of our filing of our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, the note holders of the Defaulted Notes have not yet communicated their intent to either receive payment or convert. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None. 54 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 10.1 Forbearance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on January 7, 2022). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31.2 2002Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 32.1# Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2# Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). _____________ # The information in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (including this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), unless the Registrant specifically incorporates the foregoing information into those documents by reference. In accordance with Rule 402 of Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act or Section 18 of the Exchange Act and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 55 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AVENIR WELLNESS SOLUTIONS, INC.. Dated: October 9, 2024 By: /s/ Nancy Duitch Nancy Duitch Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: /s/ Nancy Duitch Nancy Duitch Chief Executive Officer October 9, 2024 /s/ Joel Bennett Joel Bennett Chief Financial Officer October 9, 2024 56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 avrw_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 avrw_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Nancy Duitch, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 9, 2024 By: /s/ Nancy Duitch Nancy Duitch Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 avrw_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 avrw_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED I, Joel Bennett, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 9, 2024 By: /s/ Joel Bennett Joel Bennett Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 avrw_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 avrw_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report of Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Nancy Duitch, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: October 9, 2024 By: /s/ Nancy Duitch Nancy Duitch Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 avrw_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 wordproof.doc EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Amendment No. 1 to Quarterly Report of Avenir Wellness Solutions, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joel Bennett, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: October 9, 2024 By: /s/ Joel Bennett Joel Bennett Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 avrw-20220331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 avrw-20220331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 avrw-20220331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 avrw-20220331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

