<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_1016281_0001016281-24-000170.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15969240</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>65020</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2047169</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7045480</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3509513</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2895256</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001016281-24-000170.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101161337
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001016281-24-000170
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CARRIAGE SERVICES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001016281
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				760423828
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11961
		FILM NUMBER:		241419236

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3040 POST OAK BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-332-8400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3040 POST OAK BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001016281-24-000170.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 csv-20240930.htm
 10-Q

csv-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________ to ____________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares of the registrant s Common Stock, .01 par value per share, outstanding as of October 25, 2024 was . 

CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 INDEX 
 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Cautionary Statement on Forward Looking Statements 
 36 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 52 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 53 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 53 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 53 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 53 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 53 
 Item 5. Other Information 53 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 53 
 SIGNATURE 
 55 
 INDEX OF EXHIBITS 
 56 
 
 - 2 - 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 (unaudited and in thousands, except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Preneed cemetery trust investments Preneed funeral trust investments Preneed cemetery receivables, net Receivables from preneed funeral trusts, net Property, plant and equipment, net Cemetery property, net Goodwill Intangible and other non-current assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Cemetery perpetual care trust investments Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of debt and lease obligations Accounts payable Accrued and other liabilities Total current liabilities Acquisition debt, net of current portion Credit facility Senior notes Obligations under finance leases, net of current portion Obligations under operating leases, net of current portion Deferred preneed cemetery revenue Deferred preneed funeral revenue Deferred tax liability Other long-term liabilities Deferred preneed cemetery receipts held in trust Deferred preneed funeral receipts held in trust Care trusts corpus Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies: par value; shares authorized and and shares issued, respectively and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost; shares 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 3 - 

CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited and in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Service revenue Property and merchandise revenue Other revenue Field costs and expenses: Cost of service Cost of merchandise Cemetery property amortization Field depreciation expense Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs Other expenses Gross profit Corporate costs and expenses: General, administrative and other Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairments charges Operating income Interest expense Net gain on property damage, net of insurance claims ) ) ) Other, net ) Income before income taxes Expense for income taxes Expense related to discrete income tax items Total expense for income taxes Net income Basic earnings per common share: Diluted earnings per common share: Dividends declared per common share: Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 4 - 

CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited and in thousands) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Amortization of intangibles Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization and accretion of debt Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges Net gain on property damage, net of insurance claims ) ) Gain on sale of excess land ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities that provided (used) cash: Accounts and preneed receivables ) ) Inventories, prepaid and other current assets ) Intangible and other non-current assets ) ) Preneed funeral and cemetery trust investments ) Accounts payable ) Accrued and other liabilities Incentive payment from vendor Deferred preneed funeral and cemetery revenue Deferred preneed funeral and cemetery receipts held in trust ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of businesses ) Proceeds from divestitures and sale of other assets Proceeds from insurance claims Capital expenditures ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings from the credit facility Payments against the credit facility ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs for the credit facility ) Payments on acquisition debt and obligations under finance leases ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan contributions Taxes paid on restricted stock vestings and exercise of stock options ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 5 - 

CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (unaudited and in thousands) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Balance June 30, 2024 ) Net income Issuance of common stock from employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock to directors and board advisor Exercise of stock options Restricted common stock and stock options surrendered for taxes paid ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends on common stock ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Balance June 30, 2023 ) Net income Issuance of common stock from employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock to directors and board advisor Exercise of stock options ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends on common stock ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) 
 - 6 - 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Balance December 31, 2023 ) Net income Issuance of common stock from employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock to directors and board advisor Issuance of restricted common stock ) Exercise of stock options Restricted common stock and stock options surrendered for taxes paid ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends on common stock ) ) Other Balance September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Shares Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Balance December 31, 2022 ) Net income Issuance of common stock from employee stock purchase plan Issuance of common stock to directors and board advisor Issuance of common stock to former executive Issuance of restricted common stock ) Exercise of stock options ) ) Restricted common stock and stock options surrendered for taxes paid ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Dividends on common stock ) ) Other Balance September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying condensed notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 7 - 

CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 business segments: Funeral Home Operations, which currently accounts for approximately of our total revenue, and Cemetery Operations, which currently accounts for approximately of our total revenue. At September 30, 2024, we operated funeral homes in states and cemeteries in states. 
 Our funeral home operations are principally service businesses that generate revenue from sales of burial and cremation services and related merchandise, such as caskets and urns. Funeral services include consultation, the removal and preparation of remains, the sale of caskets and related funeral merchandise, the use of funeral home facilities for visitation and memorial services and transportation services. We provide funeral services and products on both an atneed (time of death) and preneed (planned prior to death) basis. 
 Our cemetery operations generate revenue primarily through sales of cemetery interment rights (primarily grave sites, lawn crypts, mausoleum spaces and niches), related cemetery merchandise (such as memorial markers, outer burial containers and monuments) and services (interments, inurnments and installation of cemetery merchandise). We provide cemetery services and products on both an atneed and preneed basis. 

- 8 - 

million contingent liability to reflect our agreement to pay our financial advisor in connection with the review of strategic alternatives. At September 30, 2024, the contingency has been resolved resulting in no change to the liability recorded. 
 million of realized capital gains and earnings from our preneed funeral and cemetery trust investments. We did not withdraw any realized capital gains and earnings from our preneed trust investments during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In certain states, we are allowed to make these withdrawals prior to the delivery of preneed merchandise and service contracts. The realized capital gains and earnings withdrawn increase our cash flow from operations, but are not recognized as revenue in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, however, they reduce our Preneed funeral trust investments and Preneed cemetery trust investments and increase our Deferred preneed funeral revenue and Deferred preneed cemetery revenue. 
 million incentive payment from a vendor for entering into a strategic partnership agreement to market and sell prearranged funeral services in the future, which increased our cash flow from operations and Deferred preneed funeral revenue. term of the agreement. As such, we will recognize the incentive payment in proportion to our achieved preneed funeral sales volume per the agreement at each reporting period. 
 Held for Sale 
 At September 30, 2024, we had million of assets classified as held for sale on our Consolidated Balance Sheet related to funeral home. The carrying value of these assets held for sale exceeded their fair value and in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), we recognized an impairment of thousand related to property, plant and equipment, which was recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 For our 2024 and 2023 annual qualitative assessments, we determined that there were no factors that would indicate the need to perform an additional quantitative goodwill impairment test. We concluded that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of our reporting units is greater than their carrying value and thus there was impairment to goodwill. 
 - 9 - 

impairment to goodwill. 
 See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information related to our goodwill. 
 
 As a result of our 2024 and 2023 qualitative assessments, we determined that there were factors that would indicate the need to perform additional quantitative impairment tests for certain funeral home businesses. As a result of these additional quantitative impairment tests, we recorded an impairment to the tradenames for certain funeral home businesses of million and million, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as the carrying amount of these tradenames exceeded their fair value. 
 See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information related to our intangible assets. 
 - 10 - 

Buildings and improvements Furniture, equipment and vehicles Property, plant and equipment, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold funeral homes and cemetery that had a carrying value of property, plant and equipment of million, which was included in the loss on sale and recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations, more fully described in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold real property for million, with a carrying value of million and we recognized an impairment related to property, plant and equipment for assets held for sale of thousand, which was recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we acquired million of property, plant and equipment related to our acquisition of a business located in Bakersfield, CA, more fully described in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold real property for million, with a carrying value of million, resulting in a gain on the sale of million. We also divested funeral home that had a carrying value of million, which was included in the loss on the sale of divestitures and recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations, more fully described in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our growth and maintenance capital expenditures totaled million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, we recorded depreciation expense of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Cemetery Property 
 Cemetery property was million and million, net of accumulated amortization of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. When cemetery property is sold, the value of the cemetery property (interment right costs) is expensed as amortization using the specific identification method in the period in which the sale of the interment right is recognized as revenue. Our growth capital expenditures for cemetery property development totaled million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We recorded amortization expense for cemetery interment rights of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold cemetery that had a carrying value of cemetery property of million, which was included in the loss on sale and recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations, more fully described in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we acquired cemetery property for million related to our acquisition of a business located in Bakersfield, CA, as more fully described in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We also sold cemeteries that had a carrying value of cemetery property of million, which was included in the loss on sale and recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations, more fully described in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 11 - 

million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our operating tax rate before discrete items was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2. 
 
 3. 
 funeral homes, cemeteries and cremation focused business in Bakersfield, CA for million in cash. We acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain operating liabilities of this business. 
 The pro forma impact of this acquisition on prior periods is not presented, as the impact is not significant to our reported results. The results of the acquired business are reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations from the date of acquisition. 
 - 12 - 

Preneed trust assets Property, plant equipment Cemetery property Goodwill ) Intangible and other non-current assets Assumed liabilities ) ) ) Preneed trust liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) ) Purchase price 
 The current assets relate to accounts receivable and inventory. The intangible and other non-current assets relate to the fair value of tradenames and right-of-use operating lease assets. The assumed liabilities relate to operating lease obligations and commissions payable. As of December 31, 2023, our accounting for this acquisition was complete. 
 ) 
 
 4. 
 Increase in goodwill related to acquisitions Decrease in goodwill related to divestitures ) Goodwill at the end of the period 
 million of goodwill to the sale of funeral homes and cemetery for a loss recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairments charges, million was allocated to our funeral home segment and million was allocated to our cemetery segment. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized million in goodwill related to our acquisition of a business located in Bakersfield, CA, of which million was allocated to our cemetery segment and million was allocated to our funeral home segment. 
 See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein, for a discussion of the methodology used for our goodwill impairment test. 
 
 5. 
 funeral homes with other businesses we own in existing markets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold funeral homes and cemetery for an aggregate of million and merged three funeral homes with other businesses we own in existing markets. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we sold funeral home for million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold funeral homes and cemeteries for an aggregate of million and merged one funeral home with another business we own in an existing market. 
 - 13 - 

Operating income (loss) ) Gain (loss) on divestitures (1) 
 ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net gain (loss) from divested operations, after tax ) ) ) 
 (1) Gain (loss) on divestitures is recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairments charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

6. 
 Other receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 December 31, 2023 Funeral Cemetery Corporate Total Trade and financed receivables Other receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Other receivables include supplier rebates, commissions due from third party insurance companies and perpetual care income receivables. We do not provide an allowance for credit losses for these receivables as we have historically not had any collectability issues nor do we expect any in the foreseeable future.) ) ) ) Cemetery ) ) ) Total allowance for credit losses on trade and financed receivables ) ) ) ) 
 Balances due on undelivered preneed funeral trust contracts have been reclassified to reduce Deferred preneed funeral revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheet of million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As these performance obligations are to be completed after the date of death, we cannot quantify the recognition of revenue in future periods. However, we estimate an average maturity period of for preneed funeral contracts. 
 
 - 14 - 

Merchandise and services Unearned finance charges Cemetery receivables 
 The components of our cemetery receivables are as follows (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Cemetery receivables Less: unearned finance charges ) ) Cemetery receivables, at amortized cost Less: allowance for credit losses ) ) Less: balances due on undelivered cemetery preneed contracts ) ) Less: amounts in accounts receivable ) ) Preneed cemetery receivables, net) ) ) 
 
 Deferred revenue Total contracts 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As these performance obligations are to be completed after the date of death, we cannot quantify the recognition of revenue in future periods. However, we estimate an average maturity period of for preneed cemetery contracts. 
 
 7. 
 million. We believe that our Credit Facility bears interest at a rate that approximates prevailing market rates for instruments with similar characteristics and therefore, the carrying value of our Credit Facility approximates fair value. We estimate the fair value of our acquisition 
 - 15 - 

million, which approximated its fair value. The fair value of our Senior Notes was million at September 30, 2024, based on the last traded or broker quoted price. 
 We identified investments in fixed income securities, common stock and mutual funds presented within the preneed and perpetual care trust investments categories on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as having met the criteria for fair value measurement. Where quoted prices are available in an active market, investments held by the trusts are classified as Level 1 investments pursuant to the three-level valuation hierarchy. Our Level 1 investments include cash, U.S. treasury debt, common stock and equity mutual funds. Where quoted market prices are not available for the specific security, then fair values are estimated by using quoted prices of similar securities in active markets or inputs other than quoted prices that can corroborate observable market data. These investments are fixed income securities, including U.S. agency obligations, foreign debt, corporate debt, preferred stocks, certificates of deposit and fixed income mutual funds and other investments, all of which are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 In addition, we have an investment in a limited partnership fund, whose fair value has been estimated using the net asset value per share practical expedient described in ASC 820-10-35-59, Fair Value Measurement of Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent) and therefore, has not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The investment strategy of this fund is to generate attractive, risk-adjusted returns over a multi-year performance period through the construction of a concentrated portfolio of investments possessing certain distinct business attributes that suggest the potential for long-term value creation. Beginning March 31, 2024, the agreement permits us to withdraw a percentage of the value of the investments in this fund through quarterly withdrawals with the intention to permit withdrawal of the entire investment over twelve successive withdrawal dates. Our unfunded commitment for this investment at September 30, 2024 was million. 

8. 
 - 16 - 

Less: allowance for contract cancellation ) ) Preneed cemetery trust investments 
 Fixed income securities: U.S. agency obligations 2 ) Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Certificates of deposit 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Limited partnership fund Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 2 ) Trust securities ) Accrued investment income Preneed cemetery trust investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 Due in one to five years Due in five to ten years Thereafter Total fixed income securities 
 - 17 - 

Fixed income securities: U.S. agency obligations 2 ) Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Certificate of deposit 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Limited partnership fund ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 2 ) Trust Securities ) Accrued investment income Preneed cemetery trust investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 ) ) Foreign debt ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Preferred stock ) ) ) Certificates of deposit ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 - 18 - 

) ) Foreign debt ) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Preferred stock ) ) Certificates of deposit ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 Realized gains Realized losses ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses), net ) ) Expenses and taxes ) ) ) ) Net change in deferred preneed cemetery receipts held in trust ) ) ) 
 ) ) ) Sales 
 Preneed Funeral Trust Investments 
 Preneed funeral trust investments represent trust fund assets that we are permitted to withdraw as services and merchandise are provided to customers. Preneed funeral contracts are secured by payments from customers, less retained amounts not required to be deposited into trust. 
 Less: allowance for contract cancellation ) ) Preneed funeral trust investments 
 - 19 - 

Fixed income securities: U.S. treasury debt 1 ) Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Limited partnership fund Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 2 ) Other investments 2 Trust securities ) Accrued investment income Preneed funeral trust investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 Due in one to five years Due in five to ten years Thereafter Total fixed income securities 
 - 20 - 

Fixed income securities: U.S. treasury debt 1 ) Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Limited partnership fund ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 2 ) Other investments 2 Trust securities ) Accrued investment income Preneed funeral trust investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 ) ) Foreign debt ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Preferred stock ) ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 The following table summarizes our fixed income securities (excluding mutual funds) within our preneed funeral trust investment in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2023, aggregated by major security type and length of time in a continuous unrealized loss position (in thousands): 
 December 31, 2023 In Loss Position Less than 12 months In Loss Position Greater than 12 months Total Fair Market Value Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value Unrealized Losses Fixed income securities: U.S. treasury debt ) ) Foreign debt ) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Preferred stock ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 - 21 - 

Realized gains Realized losses ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses), net ) ) Expenses and taxes ) ) ) ) Net change in deferred preneed funeral receipts held in trust ) ) ) 
 ) ) ) Sales 
 Cemetery Perpetual Care Trust Investments 
 Obligations due to (due from) trust ) Care trusts corpus 
 Fixed income securities: Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Limited partnership fund Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 2 ) Trust securities ) Accrued investment income Cemetery perpetual care investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 - 22 - 

Due in one to five years Due in five to ten years Thereafter Total fixed income securities 
 Fixed income securities: Foreign debt 2 ) Corporate debt 2 ) Preferred stock 2 ) Common stock 1 ) Limited partnership fund ) Mutual funds: Equity 1 ) Fixed income 2 ) Trust securities ) Accrued investment income Cemetery perpetual care investments Market value as a percentage of cost 
 ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Preferred stock ) ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 - 23 - 

) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) Preferred stock ) ) Total fixed income securities with an unrealized loss ) ) ) 
 Realized losses ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses), net ) ) Net change in care trusts corpus ) ) Total 
 Cemetery perpetual care trust investment security transactions recorded in Other revenue are as follows (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Investment income Realized losses, net ) ) ) ) Total 
 ) ) ) Sales 
 
 9. 
 Less: allowance for contract cancellation ) ) Receivables from preneed funeral trusts, net 
 - 24 - 

Fixed income investments Mutual funds and common stocks Annuities Total 
 The composition of the preneed funeral trust funds at December 31, 2023 is as follows (in thousands): 
 Historical Cost Basis Fair Value Cash and cash equivalents Fixed income investments Mutual funds and common stocks Annuities Total 
 
 10. 
 Capitalized commissions on preneed contracts, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Internal-use software, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Prepaid agreements not-to-compete, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Other Intangible and other non-current assets, net 
 Tradenames 
 Our tradenames have indefinite lives and therefore are not amortized. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of the funeral homes that we sold had a carrying value of tradenames of million, which was included in the loss on sale and recorded in Net loss on divestitures, disposals and impairment charges on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 As a result of our 2024 qualitative assessment, we determined that there were factors that would indicate the need to perform an additional quantitative impairment test for certain funeral home businesses. As a result of this additional quantitative impairment test, we recorded a million impairment to the tradename of one funeral home, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as the carrying amount of this tradename exceeded its fair value. 
 For our 2023 assessment, we determined that there were factors that would indicate the need to perform an additional quantitative impairment test for certain funeral home businesses. As a result of this additional quantitative impairment test, we recorded an impairment to the tradenames for of our funeral homes of million, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, as the carrying amount of these tradenames exceeded their fair value. 
 See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for a discussion of the methodology used for our indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test. 
 Capitalized Commissions 
 We capitalize sales commissions and other direct selling costs related to preneed cemetery merchandise and services and preneed funeral trust contracts as these costs are incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Our capitalized commissions on preneed contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average maturity period of for our preneed funeral trust contracts and for our preneed cemetery merchandise and services contracts. 
 - 25 - 

million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Internal-use Software 
 Internal-use software is amortized on a straight-line basis typically over three to . Amortization expense was million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Prepaid Agreements 
 Prepaid agreements not-to-compete are amortized over the term of the respective agreements, generally ranging from one to . Amortization expense was million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 and million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total amortization expense 
 
 11. 
 million revolving credit facility, including a million subfacility for letters of credit and a million swingline, and (ii) an accordion or incremental option allowing for future increases in the facility size by an additional amount of up to million in the aggregate in the form of increased revolving commitments or incremental term loans. 
 On July 31, 2024, the Company entered into a fourth amendment, (the Credit Facility Amendment ), to our Credit Facility, with the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. The Credit Facility Amendment provided, among other things, for (i) the extension of the maturity date of the Credit Facility to July 31, 2029, provided that, if the Senior Notes (as defined in the Credit Facility) have a stated maturity date that is prior to July 31, 2029, then the maturity date shall instead be the date that is 91 days prior to the stated maturity date of the Senior Notes; (ii) the establishment of Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as a benchmark rate and the removal of BSBY from the Credit Facility, including conforming revisions to certain defined terms under the Credit Facility; (iii) the conversion of each existing BSBY Rate Loan (as defined in the Credit Facility prior to giving effect to the Credit Facility Amendment) to a Term SOFR Loan (as defined in the Credit Facility); (iv) modifications to the definitions of Applicable Rate and Applicable Fee Rate to change the applicable rates and pricing levels set forth in each pricing grid; (v) the removal of certain mandatory prepayments arising from the issuance of either Equity Interests or Debt (as both are defined by the Credit Facility); and (vi) modifications to the permitted investments covenant, relating to the Company s ability to make certain acquisitions, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions therein. 
 We incurred million in transactions costs related to the Credit Facility Amendment, which were capitalized and will be amortized over the remaining term of the related debt using the straight-line method. 
 Our obligations under the Credit Facility are unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by the same subsidiaries which guarantee the Senior Notes (as defined in Note 12) and certain of our subsequently acquired or organized domestic subsidiaries (collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors ). 
 The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants with respect to the use of proceeds, payment of taxes and other obligations, continuation of the Company s business and the maintenance of existing rights and privileges, and the maintenance of property and insurance, among others. 
 In addition, the Credit Facility also contains customary negative covenants, including, but not limited to, covenants that restrict (subject to certain exceptions) the ability of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors to incur indebtedness, grant 
 - 26 - 

to 1.00 and (B) a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) of not less than to 1.00 as of the end of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters. These financial maintenance covenants are calculated for the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. We were in compliance with all of the covenants contained in our Credit Facility at September 30, 2024. 
 Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 ) ) Total Credit Facility Acquisition debt Less: current portion ) ) Total acquisition debt, net of current portion 
 At September 30, 2024, we had outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility of million. We also had letter of credit for million under the Credit Facility. The letter of credit will expire on November 25, 2024 and is expected to automatically renew annually and secures our obligations under our various self-insured policies. At September 30, 2024, we had million of availability under the Credit Facility. 
 Credit Facility amortization of debt issuance costs 
 At September 30, 2024, our outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility bore interest at a prime rate or the SOFR rate, plus an applicable margin based on our leverage ratio. At September 30, 2024, the prime rate margin was equivalent to and the SOFR term margin was . The weighted average interest rate on our Credit Facility was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Acquisition debt consists of deferred purchase price and promissory notes payable to sellers. A majority of the deferred purchase price and notes bear no interest and are discounted at imputed interest rates ranging from to . Original maturities range from nine to . 

12. 
 senior notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes is reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as follows (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Long-term liabilities: Principal amount Debt discount, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 ) ) Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 ) ) Carrying value of the Senior Notes 
 At September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Senior Notes, which are Level 2 measurements, was million. 
 - 27 - 

per year, which is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on November 15, 2021. 
 The Indenture contains restrictive covenants limiting our ability and the ability of our Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture) to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares, create liens on certain assets to secure debt, pay dividends or make other equity distributions, purchase or redeem capital stock, make certain investments, sell assets, agree to certain restrictions on the ability of Restricted Subsidiaries to make payments to us, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all assets, or engage in transactions with affiliates. The Indenture also contains customary events of default. 
 Senior Notes amortization of debt discount Senior Notes amortization of debt issuance costs 
 months of the Senior Notes. The effective interest rates on the unamortized debt discount and the unamortized debt issuance costs for the Senior Notes for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 
 
 13. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Facilities and grounds expense (1) 
 Variable lease cost Facilities and grounds expense (1) 
 Finance lease cost: Depreciation of leased assets Depreciation and amortization (2) 
 Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Total finance lease cost Total lease cost 
 (1) Facilities and grounds expense is included within Cost of service and General, administrative and other on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Depreciation and amortization expense is included within Field depreciation expense and General, administrative and other on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to our leases is as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash paid for operating leases included in operating activities Cash paid for finance leases included in financing activities 
 - 28 - 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows (in thousands): 
 Lease Type Balance Sheet Classification September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Operating lease right-of-use assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Property, plant and equipment, net Accumulated depreciation Property, plant and equipment, net ) ) Finance lease right-of-use assets, net Operating lease current liabilities Current portion of operating lease obligations Finance lease current liabilities Current portion of finance lease obligations Total current lease liabilities Operating lease non-current liabilities Obligations under operating leases, net of current portion Finance lease non-current liabilities Obligations under finance leases, net of current portion Total non-current lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 The average lease terms and discount rates at September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 At September 30, 2024, we had no significant operating or finance leases that had not yet commenced. 
 - 29 - 

14. 
 Returned for payroll taxes Cancelled 
 (1) Restricted stock granted during the nine months ended September 30 2024 and 2023 vests over a three-year period, if the employee has remained continuously employed by us during the vesting period, at a weighted average stock price of and , respectively. 
 
 We recorded stock-based compensation expense, which is included in General, administrative and other expenses , for restricted stock awards of million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 Cancelled 
 (1) Stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 had a weighted average price of and , respectively. The fair value of these options was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The options granted in 2024 and 2023 vest over a three-year period and have a ten-year term. These options will vest if the employee has remained continuously employed by us through the vesting period. 
 
 The fair value of the options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: 
 Grant Date February 21, 2024 Expected holding period (years) Awards granted Dividend yield Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Black-Scholes value 
 Additional stock option activity is as follows (in thousands, except shares): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Shares Cash Shares Cash Shares Cash Shares Cash Exercised (1) 
 N/A N/A N/A Returned for option price (2) 
 Returned for payroll taxes (3) 
 
 (1) Stock options exercised during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 had a weighted average exercise price of and with an aggregate intrinsic value of and million, respectively. Stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 had a weighted average exercise price of and with an aggregate intrinsic value of million and million, respectively. 
 (2) Represents shares withheld/cash received for the payment of the option price. (3) Represents shares withheld/cash paid for the payment of payroll taxes. 
 - 30 - 

million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Performance Awards 
 
 We recorded stock-based compensation expense, which is included in General, administrative and other expenses , for performance awards of million and million, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Expected volatility 
 Risk-free interest rate , , , 
 Expected life (years) , , , 
 
 We recorded stock-based compensation expense, which is included in General, administrative and other expenses and Regional and unallocated funeral and cemetery costs , for the ESPP totaling million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Common Stock 
 Former Employee 
 Returned for payroll taxes 
 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we issued shares of common stock to a former executive at a stock price of , in accordance with his Separation and Release agreement pertaining to his resignation from his position as the Company s Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer effective January 2, 2023. 
 
 We recorded stock-based compensation expense, which is included in General, administrative and other expenses , for common stock awards of million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 - 31 - 

(1) Common stock granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 had a grant date stock price of and , respectively. 
 
 Non-Employee Director and Board Advisor Compensation 
 On April 2, 2024, the Board of Directors (the Board of the Company revised the Director Compensation Policy to provide that each independent director is entitled to a quarterly retainer of payable in cash and/or unrestricted shares of our common stock at the end of each quarter. The chair of the Board, so long as he or she is an independent director, and the chair of our Audit Committee shall be entitled to an additional annual retainer of , payable in quarterly installments of each at the end of each quarter, the chair of our Compensation Committee is entitled to an additional annual retainer of , payable in quarterly installments of at the end of each quarter, and the chair of our Corporate Governance Committee is entitled to an additional annual retainer of , payable in quarterly installments of at the end of each quarter. 
 Any new independent director will receive upon admission to the Board a grant of (in addition to the independent director annual retainer prorated at the time the new director is admitted to the Board) which can be taken in cash or unrestricted shares of our common stock. The number of shares of such common stock will be determined by dividing the cash amount by the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant, which will be the date of admission to the Board. 
 Advisor to the Board (1) 
 
 (1) Common stock granted during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 had a weighted average price of and , respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 We recorded compensation expense, which is included in General, administrative and other expenses , related to annual retainers, including the value of stock granted to non-employee directors and an advisor to our Board, of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Share Repurchase 
 We did not repurchase any shares during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. At September 30, 2024, our share repurchase program had million authorized for repurchases. 
 Cash Dividends 
 June 1 st 
 September 1 st 
 2023 Per Share Dollar Value March 1 st 
 June 1 st 
 September 1 st 
 
 - 32 - 

15. 
 Less: Earnings allocated to unvested restricted stock ) ) ) ) Income attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per common share weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options Performance awards Denominator for diluted earnings per common share weighted average shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share: Diluted earnings per common share: 
 
 Our performance awards are considered to be contingently issuable shares because their issuance is contingent upon the satisfaction of certain performance and service conditions. At September 30, 2024, we had satisfied certain performance criteria for the first, second and third predetermined growth targets of our performance awards to be considered outstanding. Therefore, we included these awards in the computation of diluted earnings per share as of the beginning of the reporting period. 
 
 16. 
 Merchandise Cemetery property Other revenue Total 
 - 33 - 

Merchandise Cemetery property Other revenue Total Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Funeral Cemetery Total Services Merchandise Cemetery property Other revenue Total 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Funeral Cemetery Total Services Merchandise Cemetery property Other revenue Total 
 ) Three months ended September 30, 2023 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 ) Income (loss) before income taxes: Three months ended September 30, 2024 ) Three months ended September 30, 2023 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 ) Total assets: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 - 34 - 

17. 
 Federal income tax receivable State income tax receivable Other current assets Total prepaid and other current assets Current portion of debt and lease obligations: Acquisition debt Finance lease obligations Operating lease obligations Total current portion of debt and lease obligations Accrued and other liabilities: Incentive compensation Salaries and wages Interest Insurance Vacation Unrecognized tax benefit Ad valorem and franchise taxes Employee meetings and award trips Commissions Income tax payable Perpetual care trust payable Other accrued liabilities Total accrued and other liabilities Other long-term liabilities: Incentive compensation Other long-term liabilities Total other long-term liabilities 
 Cash Flow 
 Cash paid for taxes 

or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements as such term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 The exhibits required to be filed pursuant to the requirements of Item 601 of Regulation S-K are set forth in the Exhibit Index accompanying this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 - 54 - 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. Date: November 1, 2024 /s/ Kathryn Shanley Kathryn Shanley Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer Interim Principal Financial Officer) 
 - 55 - 

CARRIAGE SERVICES, INC. 
 INDEX OF EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 1996, filed on March 20, 1997. 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment dated May 7, 1997. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended September 30, 1997, filed on November 14, 1997. 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment dated May 7, 2002. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed on August 13, 2002. 
 3.4 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Carriage Services, Inc. dated June 21, 2023. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2023. 
 10.1 Fourth Amendment to First Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 31, 2024, among Carriage Services, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, the financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and L/C issuer. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2024. 
 31.1 Certification of Periodic Financial Reports by Carlos R. Quezada in satisfaction of Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Periodic Financial Reports by Kathryn Shanley in satisfaction of Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32 Certification of Periodic Financial Reports by Carlos R. Quezada and Kathryn Shanley in satisfaction of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Documents. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ) Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. ) Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 - 56 - 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311-csvx20240930q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 I, Carlos R. Quezada, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Carriage Services, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 1, 2024 s Carlos R. Quezada Carlos R. Quezada Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312-csvx20240930q3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 I, Kathryn Shanley, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Carriage Services, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 1, 2024 s Kathryn Shanley Kathryn Shanley Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer & Interim Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32-csvx20240930q3.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 Certification of 
 Chief Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer 
 under Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Carriage Services, Inc. (the Company ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Carlos R. Quezada, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Kathryn Shanley, Chief Accounting Officer, Principal Accounting Officer & Interim Principal Financial Officer, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated November 1, 2024 s Carlos R. Quezada Carlos R. Quezada Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) s Kathryn Shanley Kathryn Shanley Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer & Interim Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 csv-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 csv-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 csv-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 csv-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 csv-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

