<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241025_10-Q_edgar_data_765880_0001628280-24-043814.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14477720</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>234516</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2159228</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5707661</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3200351</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2851532</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-043814.hdr.sgml : 20241025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241025161608
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-043814
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEALTHPEAK PROPERTIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000765880
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				330091377
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08895
		FILM NUMBER:		241397259

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4600 SOUTH SYRACUSE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80237
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-407-0700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4600 SOUTH SYRACUSE STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80237

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HCP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070911

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEALTH CARE PROPERTY INVESTORS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-043814.txt : 20241025

10-Q
 1
 peak-20240930.htm
 10-Q

peak-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 23, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s 1.00 par value common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 HEALTHPEAK PROPERTIES, INC. 
 INDEX 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited): 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 8 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 68 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 69 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 70 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 70 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 70 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 71 
 Signatures 
 72 

2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 Healthpeak Properties, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Real estate: Buildings and improvements Development costs and construction in progress Land and improvements Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net real estate Loans receivable, net of reserves of and 
 Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Intangible assets, net Assets held for sale, net Right-of-use asset, net Other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Bank line of credit and commercial paper Term loans Senior unsecured notes Mortgage debt Intangible liabilities, net Liabilities related to assets held for sale, net Lease liability Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other liabilities Deferred revenue Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 
 Common stock, par value: and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Cumulative dividends in excess of earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Joint venture partners Non-managing member unitholders Total noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Healthpeak Properties, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental and related revenues Resident fees and services Interest income and other Total revenues Costs and expenses: Interest expense Depreciation and amortization Operating General and administrative Transaction and merger-related costs Impairments and loan loss reserves (recoveries), net ) ) Total costs and expenses Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on sales of real estate, net Other income (expense), net Total other income (expense), net Income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Net income (loss) Noncontrolling interests share in earnings ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Healthpeak Properties, Inc. Participating securities share in earnings ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) applicable to common shares Earnings (loss) per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Healthpeak Properties, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss): Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives ) ) Change in Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan obligation and other Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) Total comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Healthpeak Properties, Inc. 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Healthpeak Properties, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Cumulative Dividends In Excess Of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Total Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Shares Amount July 1, 2024 ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Conversion of DownREIT units to common stock ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Cumulative Dividends In Excess Of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Total Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Shares Amount July 1, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Issuance of common stock, net Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Adjustments to redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Cumulative Dividends In Excess Of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Total Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Shares Amount January 1, 2024 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Shares issued as part of the Merger Issuance of common stock, net Conversion of DownREIT units to common stock ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Purchase of noncontrolling interests ) Noncontrolling interests acquired as part of the Merger Adjustments to redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) ) September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Cumulative Dividends In Excess Of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Total Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Shares Amount January 1, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Issuance of common stock, net Conversion of DownREIT units to common stock ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Adjustments to redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) September 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Healthpeak Properties, Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of real estate, in-place lease, and other intangibles Stock-based compensation amortization expense Merger-related post-combination stock compensation expense Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts (premiums) Straight-line rents ) ) Amortization of nonrefundable entrance fees and above (below) market lease intangibles ) ) Equity loss (income) from unconsolidated joint ventures ) Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Impairments and loan loss reserves (recoveries), net ) Loss (gain) on sales of real estate, net ) ) Loss (gain) upon change of control, net ) ) Casualty-related loss (recoveries), net ) ) Other non-cash items ) Changes in: Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable and other assets, net ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and deferred revenue Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of real estate ) ) Development, redevelopment, and other major improvements of real estate ) ) Leasing costs, tenant improvements, and recurring capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sales of real estate, net Proceeds from the Callan Ridge JV transaction, net Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Distributions in excess of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures Proceeds from insurance recovery Proceeds from sales/principal repayments on loans receivable and marketable debt securities Investments in loans receivable and other ) ) Cash paid in connection with the Merger, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings under bank line of credit and commercial paper Repayments under bank line of credit and commercial paper ) ) Issuances and borrowings of term loans, senior unsecured notes, and mortgage debt Repayments and repurchases of term loans, senior unsecured notes, and mortgage debt ) ) Payments for deferred financing costs ) ) Issuance of common stock and exercise of options, net of offering costs ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Distributions to and purchase of noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions from and issuance of noncontrolling interests Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 See accompanying Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Healthpeak Properties, Inc. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 NOTE 1. 

NOTE 2. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Government grant income recorded in equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures Total government grants received 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3. 
 
 (the Exchange Ratio shares of the Company s common stock, and (ii) each outstanding common unit of the Physicians Partnership was converted into common units in the Partnership Surviving Entity equal to the Exchange Ratio. 
 As a result of the Merger, the Company acquired outpatient medical buildings. The primary reason for the Merger was to expand the Company s size, scale, and diversification, in order to further enhance the Company s competitive advantages and accelerate investment activities. 
 The Merger was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ), which requires, among other things, the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed to be recognized at their acquisition date fair value. For accounting purposes, the Company was treated as the accounting acquirer of Physicians Realty Trust. The Company was considered to be the accounting acquirer primarily because: (i) the Company is the entity that transferred consideration to consummate the Merger; (ii) the Company s stockholders as a group retained the largest portion of the voting rights of the Combined Company and have the ability to elect, appoint, or remove a majority of the members of the Combined Company s board of directors; and (iii) its senior management constitutes the majority of management of the Combined Company. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Exchange Ratio Shares of Healthpeak common stock issued Closing price of Healthpeak common stock on March 1, 2024 (2) 
 Fair value of Healthpeak common stock issued to the former holders of Physicians Realty Trust common shares, restricted shares, PSUs, and RSUs 
 Less: Fair value of preliminary share consideration attributable to the post-combination period (3) 
 ) Physicians Realty Trust revolving credit facility termination (4) 
 Settlement of Physicians Realty Trust s transaction costs 
 Payments made in connection with share settlement (5) 
 Preliminary cash consideration 
 Consideration transferred 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Includes million Physicians Realty Trust common shares and Physicians Realty Trust restricted shares outstanding as of March 1, 2024, inclusive of: (i) thousand Physicians Realty Trust restricted shares; (ii) million Physicians Realty Trust common shares issuable pursuant to outstanding Physicians Realty Trust performance-based restricted stock unit PSUs (reflected at the maximum level of performance); and (iii) thousand Physicians Realty Trust common shares issuable pursuant to outstanding Physicians Realty Trust restricted stock units RSUs ). 
 (2) The fair value of Healthpeak common stock issued to former holders of Physicians Realty Trust common shares and Physicians Realty Trust restricted shares, PSUs, and RSUs was based on the per share closing price of Healthpeak common stock on March 1, 2024. 
 (3) Represents the fair value of unvested Physicians Realty Trust restricted shares, PSUs, and RSUs attributable to post-combination services that were converted into Healthpeak common stock on the Closing Date in accordance with the Merger Agreement. Although no future service after the Closing Date is required, the value attributable to post-combination services reflected the incremental fair value provided to the Physicians Realty Trust equity award holders and the accelerated vesting of such awards at the Closing Date in accordance with the Merger Agreement. This amount was recognized as transaction and merger-related costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (4) Represents the Company s cash repayment of all outstanding balances under Physicians Realty Trust s revolving credit facility on the Closing Date in connection with the related termination. 
 (5) Includes cash settlement of: (i) tax liability related to holdback elections made under the pre-existing terms and conditions of Physicians Realty Trust s equity programs and (ii) fractional share consideration. 
 Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation 
 For the Company s real estate acquisitions that are accounted for as business combinations, the Company allocates the acquisition consideration (excluding acquisition costs) to the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interests at fair value as of the acquisition date. Any excess of the consideration transferred relative to the fair value of the net assets acquired is accounted for as goodwill. Acquisition costs related to business combinations are expensed as incurred. The preliminary estimated fair values of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interests were based on information that was available at the Closing Date. The fair values were determined using standard valuation methodologies, such as the cost, market, and income approach. These methodologies require various assumptions, including those of a market participant. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Development costs and construction in progress Land and improvements Real estate Loans receivable Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures Accounts receivable, net (1) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash 
 Intangible assets (2) 
 Right-of-use asset Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Term loans Senior unsecured notes Mortgage debt 
 Intangible liabilities (3) 
 Lease liability Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other liabilities Total liabilities Redeemable noncontrolling interests Joint venture partners (4) 
 Non-managing member unitholders (5) 
 Total noncontrolling interests Fair value of net assets acquired and liabilities assumed, net of noncontrolling interests Goodwill Total purchase price 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Includes million of gross contractual accounts receivable. 
 (2) The intangible assets acquired had a weighted average amortization period of years (see Note 9). 
 (3) The intangible liabilities acquired had a weighted average amortization period of years (see Note 9). 
 (4) Includes consolidated joint ventures in which the Company held ownership interests ranging from to . 
 (5) In connection with the Merger, Physicians Partnership merged with and into DOC DR OP Sub with DOC DR OP Sub surviving as the Partnership Surviving Entity. The Company controls the Partnership Surviving Entity via its ownership of its managing member, and the Partnership Surviving Entity is consolidated by the Company. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million has been allocated to goodwill. The recognized goodwill is attributable to expected synergies, cost savings, acquired workforce, and potential economies of scale benefits from outpatient medical property management and tenant and vendor relationships following the closing of the Merger. of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 Merger-Related Costs 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred approximately million of merger-related costs, including severance, legal, accounting, tax, and other costs of combining operations with Physicians Realty Trust. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred approximately million of merger-related costs, which primarily related to advisory, legal, accounting, tax, post-combination severance and stock compensation expense, and other costs of combining operations with Physicians Realty Trust. Included in this amount is: (i) million of fees paid to investment banks and advisors to help the Company negotiate the terms of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and to advise the Company on other merger-related matters, inclusive of million of success-based fees incurred upon consummation of the Merger, (ii) million of severance expense due to certain Physicians Realty Trust dual-trigger severance arrangements that are required to be recognized as post-combination expense in accordance with ASC 805, (iii) million of post-combination stock compensation expense for the accelerated vesting of Physicians Realty Trust equity awards pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, based on the fair value of Healthpeak common stock issued to holders of Physicians Realty Trust equity awards, (iv) million of legal, accounting, tax, and other costs, and (v) million of severance expense related to legacy Healthpeak employees. 
 Under the Company s current severance arrangements, million of additional severance expense will be recognized through the end of 2024. These merger-related costs are included in transaction and merger-related costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 The Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 include million of revenues and million of net income applicable to common shares associated with the results of operations of legacy Physicians Realty Trust. The Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 include million of revenues and million of net loss applicable to common shares associated with the results of operations of legacy Physicians Realty Trust from the Closing Date to September 30, 2024. 
 The following unaudited pro forma information presents a summary of the results of operations for the Combined Company, as if the Merger had been consummated on January 1, 2023 (in thousands). 
 Net income (loss) applicable to common shares 
 ) 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information above includes nonrecurring significant adjustments made to account for certain costs incurred as if the Merger had been completed on January 1, 2023. Transaction and merger-related costs of million and million that were incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, were excluded from the unaudited pro forma financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, but included for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The nine months ended September 30, 2023 also includes million of transaction and merger-related costs that were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4. 
 
 million. 
 Wylie Outpatient Medical Building 
 In April 2023, the Company acquired the remaining interest in of the outpatient medical buildings in the Ventures IV unconsolidated joint venture for million (see Note 8). Concurrent with the acquisition, the Company began consolidating the building and recognized a gain upon change of control of million, which is recorded in other income (expense), net during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Development Activities 
 The Company s commitments, which are primarily related to development and redevelopment projects and Company-owned tenant improvements, increased by million to million at September 30, 2024, when compared to December 31, 2023, primarily as a result of (i) additional commitments on projects placed into development and redevelopment during the period and (ii) commitments related to development projects acquired as part of the Merger, partially offset by additional construction spend on projects in development and redevelopment during the first three quarters of 2024. 
 Casualty-Related Events 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of net casualty-related charges. These casualty-related charges were primarily related to damages as a result of hurricane events during the three months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by recoveries from proceeds received for water damage at an outpatient medical building during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Casualty-related charges are recognized in other income (expense), net and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

NOTE 5. 
 
 outpatient medical buildings for million, resulting in total gain on sales of million. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company sold a portfolio of lab buildings for million, resulting in total gain on sales of million. Also during the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company sold outpatient medical buildings for million, resulting in total gain on sales of million. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold a portfolio of outpatient medical buildings for million, resulting in total gain on sales of million, and provided the buyer with a mortgage loan secured by the real estate sold for million (see Note 7). 
 2023 Dispositions of Real Estate 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company sold lab buildings in Durham, North Carolina for million, resulting in total gain on sales of million. Also during the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company sold outpatient medical buildings for million, resulting in total gain on sales of million. 
 Held for Sale 
 As of September 30, 2024, assets were classified as held for sale. As of December 31, 2023, lab buildings and outpatient medical building were classified as held for sale, with a carrying value of million, primarily comprised of net real estate assets. As of December 31, 2023, liabilities related to the assets held for sale were million. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company sold the outpatient medical building and a interest in the lab buildings (see Note 8) held for sale as of December 31, 2023. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 recognize any impairment charges. 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 
 Variable income from operating leases 
 Initial Direct Costs 
 Initial direct costs incurred in connection with successful property leasing are capitalized as deferred leasing costs and consist of leasing commissions paid to external third-party brokers. Initial direct costs include only those costs that are incremental to the arrangement and would not have been incurred if the lease had not been obtained. Initial direct costs are included in other assets, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized in depreciation and amortization in the Consolidated Statements of Operations using the straight-line method over the lease term. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net initial direct costs were million and million, respectively. 
 Straight-Line Rents 
 For operating leases with minimum scheduled rent increases, the Company recognizes income on a straight-line basis over the lease term when collectibility of future minimum lease payments is probable. If the Company determines that collectibility of future minimum lease payments is not probable, the straight-line rent receivable balance is written off and recognized as a decrease in revenue in that period and future revenue recognition is limited to amounts contractually owed and paid. The Company does not resume recognition of income on a straight-line basis unless it determines that collectibility of future payments related to these leases is probable. For the Company s portfolio of operating leases that are deemed probable of collection but exhibit a certain level of collectibility risk, the Company may also recognize an incremental allowance as a reduction to revenue. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, straight-line rent receivable, net of allowance, was million and million, respectively. Straight-line rent receivable is included in other assets, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Tenant Updates 
 During the first quarter of 2023, the Company wrote off million of straight-line rent receivable associated with in-place operating leases with Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. Sorrento ), which commenced voluntary reorganization proceedings (the Filing under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code during the period. This write-off was recognized as a reduction in rental and related revenues on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Subsequent to the write-off, revenue related to this tenant is recognized on a cash basis. Sorrento also had a single development lease with the Company, but had not taken occupancy at the time of the Filing. The Company has filed proofs of claims for damages related to its rejected leases, which include the development lease and of the operating leases. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company received million by drawing on Sorrento's letter of credit. These cash proceeds of million were recognized as lease termination fee income, which is included in rental and related revenues on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In April 2024, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court approved the assignment and assumption of the remaining operating lease by the buyer of Sorrento s assets. Given the nature of bankruptcy proceedings, the probability, timing, and amount of the additional proceeds, if any, that the Company may ultimately receive in connection with the claims are uncertain. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded any estimated recoveries associated with these claims as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 On October 26, 2023, the Company amended its lease with Graphite Bio, Inc., which later merged with LENZ Therapeutics, Inc. in March 2024 Graphite Bio ), at of its lab buildings in South San Francisco, California. Under the terms of the amended lease agreement, Graphite Bio s lease expiration date was accelerated from April 2033 to December 2024 in exchange for an upfront cash payment of million, comprised of a million termination fee and million prepayment of Graphite Bio s contractual rent through the amended term. The million is being recognized as rental and related revenues on the Consolidated Statements of Operations on a straight-line basis through the amended term of the lease. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million square feet leased by CommonSpirit Health CommonSpirit ). The renewal, which is subject to a master agreement, extended the weighted average lease term of existing leases from July 2027 to December 2035, amended the contractual rents to current market rates, and increased the annual contractual lease escalations from to . In connection with this extension, CommonSpirit was provided the right to reduce the amount of space leased by up to approximately square feet at any time after the original lease maturity dates. These termination rights were evaluated for likelihood of exercise in accordance with ASC 842, Leases , in the determination of the lease term. During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, CommonSpirit represented of revenues for the outpatient medical segment and of total revenues. 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 
 CCRC resident loans Mezzanine loans (2) 
 Unamortized discounts and fees (3) 
 ) ) Reserve for loan losses ) ) Loans receivable, net _______________________________________ 
 (1) At September 30, 2024, the Company had million of remaining commitments to fund additional loans for outpatient medical capital expenditure projects. At December 31, 2023, the Company had million of remaining commitments to fund additional loans for senior housing redevelopment and capital expenditure projects. This million commitment was reduced to in February 2024 in conjunction with the refinance of the Sunrise Senior Housing Portfolio Seller Financing as discussed below. 
 (2) Includes secured loans and mezzanine loans acquired as part of the Merger (see Note 3). 
 (3) As of September 30, 2024, includes net unamortized discounts of million related to the loans receivable acquired as part of the Merger (see Note 3) and a million unamortized mark-to-market discount related to the Outpatient Medical Seller Financing as discussed below. 
 The Merger 
 On March 1, 2024, upon the consummation of the Merger, the Company acquired secured loans with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of million and mezzanine loans with an aggregate outstanding principal balance of million, for a total of million. Typically, each secured loan is secured by a mortgage on a related outpatient medical building, each construction loan (included in secured loans above) is secured by a mortgage on the land and improvements as constructed, generally with guarantees from the borrowers, and each mezzanine loan is collateralized by an ownership interest in the respective borrower. As of the Closing Date, the secured loans had maturities ranging from June 2024 to July 2027 and stated fixed interest rates ranging from to . The mezzanine loans had maturities ranging from June 2024 to June 2027 and stated fixed interest rates ranging from to . 
 As of September 30, 2024, unamortized net discounts on the secured loans and mezzanine loans acquired were million and million, respectively. These discounts are recognized in interest income and other on the Consolidated Statements of Operations using the effective interest rate method over the remaining term of the loans. As of September 30, 2024, of the secured loans acquired had million of remaining commitments to fund outpatient medical capital expenditure projects. 
 Sunrise Senior Housing Portfolio Seller Financing 
 In conjunction with the sale of senior housing operating properties SHOP facilities for million in January 2021, the Company provided the buyer with initial financing of million. The remainder of the sales price was received in cash at the time of sale. Additionally, the Company agreed to provide up to million of additional financing for capital expenditures (up to of the estimated cost of capital expenditures). The initial and additional financing is secured by the buyer s equity ownership in each property. In June 2023, the interest rate on this secured loan was converted from a variable rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR to a variable rate based on Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (plus a basis point adjustment related to SOFR transition). 
 The Company received partial principal repayments of million during the year ended December 31, 2021 and million during the year ended December 31, 2022 in conjunction with dispositions of the underlying collateral. In connection with these principal repayments , the additional financing available was reduced to million, of which million had been funded as of December 31, 2023. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million and the maturity date was extended to August 2027. The interest rate on the loan remained as Term SOFR (plus a basis point adjustment related to SOFR transition) plus for the first of the extended term, but increases to for the last months of the extended term and is now subject to a fixed floor of . In connection with the refinance, the additional financing was reduced to million, all of which was funded in February 2024. Therefore, at September 30, 2024, the Company had no commitment to provide the borrower with additional financing for capital expenditures. In May 2024, the Company received a partial principal repayment of million in conjunction with the disposition of the underlying collateral. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, this secured loan had an outstanding principal balance of million and million, respectively. 
 Other SHOP Seller Financing 
 In conjunction with the sale of additional SHOP facilities for million in January 2021, the Company provided the buyer with financing of million. The remainder of the sales price was received in cash at the time of sale. The financing is secured by the buyer s equity ownership in each property. Upon maturity in January 2023, the borrower did not make the required principal repayment. In February 2023, the borrower made a partial principal repayment of million, and the remaining balance owed was refinanced with the Company. In connection with the refinance, the maturity date of the loan was extended to January 2024 and the interest rate on the loan was increased to a variable rate based on Term SOFR (plus an basis point adjustment related to SOFR transition) plus for the first six months of the extended term, increasing to for the last six months of the extended term. The Company also received a million extension fee in connection with the refinance, which was recognized in interest income through the maturity date of January 2024. 
 In January 2024, the loan was refinanced with the Company and the maturity date was extended to January 2025. The interest rate on the loan remained as Term SOFR (plus an basis point adjustment related to SOFR transition) plus , but is now subject to a fixed floor of . The Company also received a million extension fee in connection with the refinance, which is recognized in interest income over the remaining term of the loan. At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, this secured loan had an outstanding principal balance of million. 
 Outpatient Medical Seller Financing 
 In conjunction with the sale of outpatient medical buildings for million in July 2024 (see Note 5), the Company provided the buyer with a mortgage loan secured by the real estate sold for million. The remainder of the sales price was received in cash at the time of sale. The seller financing has an initial term that matures in July 2026 and includes extension options. The interest rate on the seller financing is fixed at for the initial term and increases to during the optional extension periods. The Company also received a million loan origination fee in connection with the loan, which is being recognized in interest income over the remaining term of the loan. In connection with this seller financing, the Company reduced the gain on sales of real estate and recognized a mark-to-market discount of million during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company s discount is based on the difference between the average stated interest rate of and the corresponding prevailing market rate as of the transaction date. The discount is recognized as interest income over the term of the discounted loan using the effective interest rate method. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million of non-cash interest income related to the amortization of its mark-to-market discount. 
 2024 Other Loans Receivable Transactions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company extended the maturity dates of the following: (i) secured loan with an outstanding balance of million from June 2024 to December 2024; (ii) mezzanine loan with an outstanding balance of million from May 2026 to May 2027; (iii) mezzanine loan with an outstanding balance of million from October 2024 to April 2026; and (iv) mezzanine loan with an outstanding balance of million from June 2024 to June 2025. 
 In October 2024, the Company funded a million mezzanine loan with a maturity in October 2025 and a stated fixed interest rate of . 
 2023 Other Loans Receivable Transactions 
 In February 2023, the Company received full repayment of the outstanding balance of million secured loan. 
 In April 2023, the Company received full repayment of the outstanding balance of million secured loan. 
 In May 2023, the Company received full repayment of outstanding secured loans with an aggregate balance of million. 
 Also in May 2023, the interest rate on secured loan with an outstanding balance of million was converted from a variable rate based on LIBOR to a variable rate based on Term SOFR (plus a basis point adjustment related to SOFR transition). In October 2023, the Company received full repayment of the outstanding balance of this million secured loan. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of such notes receivable. 
 Loans Receivable Internal Ratings 
 In connection with the Company s quarterly review process or upon the occurrence of a significant event, loans receivable are reviewed and assigned an internal rating of Performing, Watch List, or Workout. Loans that are deemed Performing meet all present contractual obligations, and collection and timing of all amounts owed is reasonably assured. Watch List Loans are defined as loans that do not meet the definition of Performing or Workout. Workout Loans are defined as loans in which the Company has determined, based on current information and events, that: (i) it is probable it will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the agreement, (ii) the borrower is delinquent on making payments under the contractual terms of the agreement, and (iii) the Company has commenced action or anticipates pursuing action in the near term to seek recovery of its investment. 
 Watch list loans Workout loans Total secured loans Current period gross write-offs Current period recoveries Current period net write-offs Mezzanine loans Risk rating: Performing loans Watch list loans Workout loans Total mezzanine loans Current period gross write-offs Current period recoveries Current period net write-offs CCRC resident loans Risk rating: Performing loans Watch list loans Workout loans Total CCRC resident loans Current period gross write-offs Current period recoveries Current period net write-offs 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Additional loans funded for capital expenditure projects (as discussed above) is included in the year of origination of the initial loan. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for expected loan losses on funded loans receivable Expected loan losses (recoveries) related to loans sold or repaid ) ) Reserve for loan losses, end of period 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Includes CCRC resident loans. 
 Additionally, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, a liability of million and million, respectively, related to expected credit losses for unfunded loan commitments was included in accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other liabilities. 
 The change in the reserve for expected loan losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily due to reserves recognized on secured loans and mezzanine loans receivable acquired as part of the Merger. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 8. 
 
 SWF SH JV Other Callan Ridge JV Lab PMAK JV (4) 
 Outpatient medical Lab JV Lab Needham Land Parcel JV (5) 
 Lab Davis JV (4) 
 Outpatient medical Outpatient Medical JVs (6) 
 Outpatient medical - 
 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) These entities are not consolidated because the Company does not control, through voting rights or other means, the joint ventures. 
 (2) Property counts and ownership percentages are as of September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Includes multiple unconsolidated lab joint ventures in South San Francisco, California in which the Company holds a ownership percentage in each joint venture. The Company is entitled to a preferred return, a promote, and certain fees in exchange for development and asset management services provided to these joint ventures when certain conditions are met. These joint ventures have been aggregated herein due to similarity of the investments and operations. 
 (4) Includes unconsolidated joint ventures acquired as part of the Merger (see Note 3). The properties underlying the PMAK JV are excluded from the Company s total property count. 
 (5) Land held for development is excluded from the property count as of September 30, 2024. 
 (6) Includes unconsolidated outpatient medical joint ventures in which the Company holds an ownership percentage as follows: (i) Ventures IV and (ii) Suburban Properties, LLC ). In April 2023, the Company acquired the remaining interest in of the properties that were in the Ventures IV unconsolidated joint venture for million (see Note 4). These joint ventures have been aggregated herein due to similarity of the investments and operations. 
 Callan Ridge JV 
 In January 2024, the Company sold a interest in lab buildings in San Diego, California (the Callan Ridge JV to a third-party (the JV Partner for net proceeds of million. Following the transaction, the Company and the JV Partner share in key decisions of the assets through their voting rights, resulting in the Company deconsolidating the assets, recognizing its retained investment in the Callan Ridge JV at fair value, and accounting for its investment using the equity method. The fair value of the Company s retained investment was based on a market approach, utilizing an agreed-upon contractual sales price, which is considered to be a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a gain upon change of control of million, which is recorded in other income (expense), net. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9. 
 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (2) 
 ) ) Intangible assets, net Weighted average remaining amortization period in years 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, includes billion and million, respectively, of gross lease-up intangibles and million and million, respectively, of gross above market lease intangibles. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, includes million and million, respectively, of accumulated depreciation and amortization on lease-up intangibles and million and million, respectively, of accumulated depreciation and amortization on above market lease intangibles. 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Intangible liabilities, net Weighted average remaining amortization period in years 
 On the Closing Date of the Merger, the Company acquired intangible assets of million, inclusive of million of lease-up intangibles and million of above market lease intangibles, and intangible liabilities of million (see Note 3). The intangible assets and liabilities acquired had a weighted average amortization period at acquisition of years and years, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, in conjunction with the Company s acquisition of real estate, the Company acquired million of intangible assets with a weighted average amortization period at acquisition of years. 
 Goodwill 
 On the Closing Date of the Merger, the Company recognized goodwill of million, which was allocated to the Company s outpatient medical segment (see Note 3). Goodwill is included in other assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 CCRC 
 Other non-reportable 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10. 
 
 million (the 2028 Term Loan that mature in May 2028 (see Note 3) pursuant to an amendment to a term loan agreement originally executed by the Physicians Partnership, as borrower, and the other parties thereto. DOC DR OP Sub is the borrower under, and the Company, Healthpeak OP, and DOC DR Holdco are guarantors of, the 2028 Term Loan. 
 In connection with the assumption of the 2028 Term Loan, the Company acquired related interest rate swap instruments that were redesignated as cash flow hedges as of the Closing Date. The 2028 Term Loan associated with these interest rate swap instruments is reported as fixed rate debt due to the Company having effectively established a fixed interest rate for the underlying debt instruments. Based on DOC DR OP Sub s credit ratings as of September 30, 2024, the 2028 Term Loan had a blended fixed effective interest rate of inclusive of the amortization of the related premium. See also Note 18 for a discussion of the impact of the related interest rate swap instruments. 
 Loans outstanding under the 2028 Term Loan bear interest at an annual rate equal to (i) the applicable margin, plus (ii) Daily SOFR (plus a basis point adjustment related to SOFR transition). The applicable margin under the 2028 Term Loan ranges from to for Daily SOFR loans and is based on the credit ratings of DOC DR OP Sub. Based on the Company s credit ratings as of September 30, 2024, and inclusive of the adjustment related to SOFR transition, the margin on the 2028 Term Loan was . 
 Additionally, on March 1, 2024, concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, DOC DR OP Sub assumed, and the Company and Healthpeak OP guaranteed, Physicians Partnership s billion aggregate principal of senior unsecured notes (see Note 3), including: (i) million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2027, (ii) million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2028, and (iii) million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2031. On the Closing Date, the Company capitalized million of costs paid to the bondholders, which are being amortized into interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the terms of the related senior unsecured notes. The senior unsecured notes contain certain covenants that are consistent with the Healthpeak OP s previously issued senior unsecured notes, as further described below. 
 Lastly, on March 1, 2024, concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, the Company assumed million aggregate principal of mortgage debt (see Note 3), which was secured by outpatient medical buildings, with an aggregate carrying value of million as of March 1, 2024. Of this million, million was fixed rate debt with a weighted average contractual interest rate of and maturities ranging from November 2024 through December 2026 and million was variable rate debt with a weighted average contractual interest rate of and maturities ranging from December 2026 through November 2028. The Company recognized a net discount of million on the million aggregate principal of mortgage debt assumed on the Closing Date, which is being amortized into interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations using the effective interest rate method. The Company acquired related interest rate swap instrument with a notional amount of million of variable rate mortgage debt that was redesignated as a cash flow hedge as of the Closing Date (see Note 18). As a result, million of the variable rate mortgage debt associated with this interest rate swap instrument is reported as fixed rate debt due to the Company having effectively established a fixed interest rate for the underlying debt instrument. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 billion unsecured revolving line of credit facility, with a maturity date of May 23, 2023 and extension options, subject to certain customary conditions. In September 2021, the Company executed an amended and restated unsecured revolving line of credit (the Revolving Facility to increase total revolving commitments from billion to billion and extend the maturity date to January 20, 2026. This maturity date may be further extended pursuant to extension options, subject to certain customary conditions. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility accrue interest at the applicable interest rate benchmark plus a margin that depends on the credit ratings of the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt. On February 10, 2023, the Company executed an amendment to the Revolving Facility to convert the interest rate benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR . The Company also pays a facility fee on the entire revolving commitment that depends on its credit ratings. Additionally, the Revolving Facility includes a sustainability-linked pricing component whereby the applicable margin may be reduced by up to based on the Company s achievement of specified sustainability-linked metrics, subject to certain conditions. Based on the Company s credit ratings at September 30, 2024, and inclusive of achievement of a sustainability-linked metric, the margin on the Revolving Facility was and the facility fee was . The Revolving Facility includes a feature that allows the Company to increase the borrowing capacity by an aggregate amount of up to million, subject to securing additional commitments. On March 1, 2024, concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, the Company executed an amendment to the Revolving Facility to, among other things, join DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR OP Sub as guarantors of Healthpeak OP s obligations under the Revolving Facility. At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had balance outstanding under the Revolving Facility. 
 Term Loan Agreement 
 On August 22, 2022, the Company executed a term loan agreement (as amended or modified as described herein, the Term Loan Agreement that provided for senior unsecured delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount of up to million (the 2027 Term Loans ). The 2027 Term Loans were available to be drawn from time to time during a -day period after closing, subject to customary borrowing conditions, and the Company drew the entirety of the million under the 2027 Term Loans in October 2022. million of the 2027 Term Loans has an initial stated maturity of years, which may be extended for a period subject to certain customary conditions. The other million of the 2027 Term Loans has a stated maturity of with no option to extend. 
 Loans outstanding under the 2027 Term Loans accrue interest at Term SOFR plus a margin that depends on the credit ratings of the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt. The 2027 Term Loans also include a sustainability-linked pricing component whereby the applicable margin under the 2027 Term Loans may be reduced by based on the Company s achievement of specified sustainability-linked metrics. Based on the Company s credit ratings as of September 30, 2024, and inclusive of achievement of a sustainability-linked metric and an adjustment related to SOFR transition, the margin on the 2027 Term Loans was . 
 In August 2022, the Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swap instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges (see Note 18). The 2027 Term Loans associated with these interest rate swap instruments are reported as fixed rate debt due to the Company having effectively established a fixed interest rate for the underlying debt instruments. Based on the Company s credit ratings as of September 30, 2024, the 2027 Term Loans had a blended fixed effective interest rate of , inclusive of the impact of these interest rate swap instruments and amortization of the related debt issuance costs. 
 On March 1, 2024, concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, the Company executed an amendment to the Term Loan Agreement pursuant to which (i) the maximum incremental borrowing capacity under the Term Loan Agreement was increased from billion to billion, subject to securing additional commitments, (ii) the Company borrowed senior unsecured term loans in an aggregate principal amount of million with a stated maturity of (the 2029 Term Loan ), and (iii) DOC DR Holdco and DOC DR OP Sub were joined as guarantors of Healthpeak OP s obligations under the Term Loan Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the unused borrowing capacity under the Term Loan Agreement was million. 
 Loans outstanding under the 2029 Term Loan accrue interest at Daily SOFR plus a margin that depends on the credit ratings of the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt. Based on the Company s credit ratings as of September 30, 2024, and inclusive of an adjustment related to SOFR transition, the margin on the 2029 Term Loan was . 
 In January 2024, the Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swap instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges (see Note 18). The 2029 Term Loan associated with these interest rate swaps is reported as fixed rate debt due to the Company having effectively established a fixed interest rate for the underlying debt instruments. Based on the Company s credit ratings as of September 30, 2024, the 2029 Term Loan had a blended fixed effective interest rate of , inclusive of the impact of these interest rate swap instruments and amortization of the related debt issuance costs. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had billion and million, respectively, of loans outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ; (ii) limit the ratio of Enterprise Secured Debt to Enterprise Gross Asset Value to ; (iii) limit the ratio of Enterprise Unsecured Debt to Enterprise Unencumbered Asset Value to ; (iv) require a minimum Fixed Charge Coverage ratio of times; and (v) require a minimum Consolidated Tangible Net Worth of billion. The Company believes it was in compliance with each of these covenants at September 30, 2024. 
 Commercial Paper Program 
 In September 2019, the Company established an unsecured commercial paper program (the Commercial Paper Program ). Under the terms of the Commercial Paper Program, the Company may issue, from time to time, short-term unsecured notes with varying maturities. Amounts available under the Commercial Paper Program may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed from time to time. At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the maximum aggregate face or principal amount that could be outstanding at any one time was billion. Amounts borrowed under the Commercial Paper Program will be sold on terms that are customary for the U.S. commercial paper market and will be at least equal in right of payment with all of the Company s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The Company uses its Revolving Facility as a liquidity backstop for the repayment of short-term unsecured notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program. At September 30, 2024, the Company had notes outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program. At December 31, 2023, the Company had million of notes outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program, with original maturities of approximately days and a weighted average interest rate of . 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had senior unsecured notes outstanding with an aggregate principal balance of billion and billion, respectively. The senior unsecured notes contain certain covenants including limitations on debt, maintenance of unencumbered assets, cross-acceleration provisions, and other customary terms. The Company believes it was in compliance with these covenants at September 30, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no issuances, repurchases, or redemptions of senior unsecured notes; however, as described above, concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, the Company assumed billion aggregate principal of senior unsecured notes. 
 2032 May 10, 2023 (1) 
 2032 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) In May 2023, the Company issued million of senior unsecured notes due 2032, which constituted an additional issuance of, and are treated as a single series with, the million of senior unsecured notes due 2032 issued in January 2023. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were no repurchases or redemptions of senior unsecured notes. 
 Mortgage Debt 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, in aggregate principal of mortgage debt outstanding. At September 30, 2024, this mortgage debt was secured by outpatient medical buildings and CCRCs, with an aggregate carrying value of million. At December 31, 2023, this mortgage debt was secured by outpatient medical buildings and CCRCs, with an aggregate carrying value of million. 
 Mortgage debt generally requires monthly principal and interest payments, is collateralized by real estate assets, and is non-recourse. Mortgage debt typically requires maintenance of the assets in good condition, includes conditions to obtain lender consent to enter into or terminate material leases, requires insurance on the assets, requires payment of real estate taxes, restricts transfer of the encumbered assets and repayment of the loan, and prohibits additional liens. Some of the mortgage debt may require tenants or operators to maintain compliance with the applicable leases or operating agreements of such real estate assets. 
 During each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made aggregate principal repayments of mortgage debt of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company made aggregate principal repayments of mortgage debt of million and million, respectively. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 million of mortgage debt secured by a portfolio of outpatient medical buildings that matures in May 2026. In April 2022, the Company terminated its existing interest rate cap instruments associated with this variable rate mortgage debt and entered into interest rate swap instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges and mature in May 2026. In February 2023, the agreements associated with this variable rate mortgage debt were amended to change the interest rate benchmarks from LIBOR to SOFR, effective March 2023. Concurrently, the Company modified the related interest rate swap instruments to reflect the change in the interest rate benchmarks from LIBOR to SOFR (see Note 18). The variable rate mortgage debt associated with these interest rate swap instruments is reported as fixed rate debt due to the Company having effectively established a fixed interest rate for the underlying debt instrument. 
 Debt Maturities 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Premiums, (discounts), and debt issuance costs, net ) ) ) 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Commercial Paper Program borrowings are backstopped by the Revolving Facility. As such, the Company calculates the weighted average remaining term of its Commercial Paper Program borrowings using the maturity date of the Revolving Facility. 
 (2) Effective interest rates on the senior unsecured notes range from to with a weighted average effective interest rate of and a weighted average maturity of years. 
 (3) Effective interest rates on the mortgage debt range from to with a weighted average effective interest rate of and a weighted average maturity of years. These interest rates include the impact of designated interest rate swap instruments, which effectively fix the interest rate on certain variable rate debt. 
 (4) Represents the weighted-average effective interest rate as of the end of the applicable period, including amortization of debt premiums (discounts) and debt issuance costs. 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 
 properties within its DownREITs. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 interest in the Lab JV (see Note 8). If the property in the joint venture is sold in a taxable transaction, the Company is generally obligated to indemnify its joint venture partner for its federal and state income taxes associated with the gain that existed at the time of the contribution to the joint venture. 
 
 NOTE 12. 
 
 per share. The common stock cash dividend will be paid on November 15, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 4, 2024. 
 During each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company declared and paid common stock cash dividends of per share. During each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company declared and paid common stock cash dividends of per share. 
 Issuance of Common Stock in Connection with the Merger 
 Pursuant to the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, each outstanding share of Physicians Realty Trust (other than Physicians Realty Trust common shares that were canceled in accordance with the Merger Agreement) automatically converted into the right to receive shares of the Company s common stock. Based on the number of outstanding Physicians Realty Trust common shares as of the Closing Date, the Company issued million shares of common stock. Refer to Note 3 for additional information regarding the Merger. 
 At-The-Market Equity Offering Program 
 In February 2023, in connection with the Reorganization, the Company terminated the previous at-the-market equity offering program (as amended from time to time, the 2020 ATM Program and established a new at-the-market equity offering program (the 2023 ATM Program and, together with the 2020 ATM Program, the ATM Programs ). The 2023 ATM Program was amended in March 2024 to contemplate the sale of the remaining shares of common stock pursuant to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on February 8, 2024. The ATM Programs allow for the sale of shares of common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to billion (i) by the Company through a consortium of banks acting as sales agents or directly to the banks acting as principals or (ii) by a consortium of banks acting as forward sellers on behalf of any forward purchasers pursuant to a forward sale agreement (each, an ATM forward contract ). The use of ATM forward contracts allows the Company to lock in a share price on the sale of shares at the time the ATM forward contract becomes effective, but defer receiving the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date. 
 ATM forward contracts generally have a one - to term. At any time during the term, the Company may settle a forward sale by delivery of physical shares of common stock to the forward seller or, at the Company s election, in cash or net shares. The forward sale price the Company expects to receive upon settlement of outstanding ATM forward contracts will be the initial forward price established upon the effective date, subject to adjustments for: (i) accrued interest, (ii) the forward purchasers stock borrowing costs, and (iii) certain fixed price reductions during the term of the ATM forward contract. 
 At September 30, 2024, billion of the Company s common stock remained available for sale under the 2023 ATM Program. 
 ATM Forward Contracts 
 During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did utilize the forward provisions under the ATM Programs. 
 ATM Direct Issuances 
 During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were direct issuances of shares of common stock under the ATM Programs. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program ). Purchases of common stock under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program could be exercised at the Company s discretion with the timing and number of shares repurchased depending on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. Under Maryland General Corporation Law, outstanding shares of common stock acquired by a corporation become authorized but unissued shares, which may be re-issued. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program at a weighted average price of per share for a total of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program at a weighted average price of per share for a total of million. During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were repurchases under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. 
 On July 24, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program (the 2024 Share Repurchase Program to supersede and replace the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. Upon adoption of the 2024 Share Repurchase Program, no further share repurchases may be made pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. Under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program, the Company may acquire shares of its common stock in the open market or other similar purchase techniques (including in compliance with the safe harbor provisions of Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or pursuant to one or more plans adopted under Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act), up to an aggregate purchase price of million. Purchases of common stock under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program may be exercised at the Company s discretion with the timing and number of shares repurchased depending on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. The 2024 Share Repurchase Program expires in July 2026 and may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. As of September 30, 2024, shares have been repurchased under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program. Therefore, at September 30, 2024, million of the Company s common stock remained available for repurchase under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)) Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan minimum liability ) ) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 The Company has a defined benefit pension plan, known as the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, with plan participant, a former Chief Executive Officer CEO of the Company who departed in 2003. Changes to the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan minimum liability are reflected in other comprehensive income (loss). 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 Arrangements with noncontrolling interest holders are assessed for appropriate balance sheet classification based on the redemption and other rights held by the noncontrolling interest holder. Certain of the Company s noncontrolling interest holders have the ability to put their equity interests to the Company upon specified events or after the passage of a predetermined period of time (the Option Requirements ). Each put option is payable in cash and subject to changes in redemption value in the event that the underlying property generates specified returns for the Company and meets certain promote thresholds pursuant to the respective agreements. Accordingly, the Company records redeemable noncontrolling interests outside of permanent equity and presents the redeemable noncontrolling interests at the greater of their carrying amount or redemption value at the end of each reporting period. In addition to the rights of the redeemable noncontrolling interest holders, once the Option Requirements have been met, the Company has the ability to buy out the interests of the noncontrolling interest holders. The values of the redeemable noncontrolling interests are subject to change based on the assessment of redemption value at each redemption date. 
 On March 1, 2024, concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, the Company assumed redeemable noncontrolling interest, which had not yet met the conditions for redemption as of September 30, 2024. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 redeemable noncontrolling interests that met the criteria for redemption. Accordingly, during the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company made aggregate cash payments for the total redemption value of million to the related noncontrolling interest holders and acquired the redeemable noncontrolling interests associated with the entities. 
 Healthpeak OP 
 Immediately following the Reorganization, Healthpeak Properties, Inc. was the initial sole member and owner of Healthpeak OP. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, subsequent to the Reorganization, certain employees of the Company OP Unitholders were issued approximately million noncontrolling, non-managing member units in Healthpeak OP OP Units ), all of which were profits interests in Healthpeak OP LTIP Units ). During the three months ended March 31, 2024, OP Unitholders were issued approximately million OP Units, all of which were LTIP Units. When certain conditions are met, the OP Unitholders have the right to require redemption of part or all of their OP Units for cash or shares of the Company s common stock, at the Company s option as managing member of Healthpeak OP. The per unit redemption amount is equal to either share of the Company s common stock or cash equal to the fair value of a share of common stock at the time of redemption. The Company classifies the OP Units in permanent equity because it may elect, in its sole discretion, to issue shares of its common stock to OP Unitholders who choose to redeem their OP Units rather than using cash. As of September 30, 2024, there were approximately million OP Units outstanding and thousand had met the criteria for redemption. As of December 31, 2023, there were approximately million OP Units outstanding, none of which had met the criteria for redemption. 
 DownREITs 
 The non-managing member units of the Company s DownREITs are exchangeable for an amount of cash approximating the then-current market value of shares of the Company s common stock or, at the Company s option, shares of the Company s common stock (subject to certain adjustments, such as stock splits and reclassifications). Upon exchange of DownREIT units for the Company s common stock, the carrying amount of the DownREIT units is reclassified to stockholders equity. At September 30, 2024, there were approximately million DownREIT units million shares of Healthpeak common stock are issuable upon conversion) outstanding in DownREIT LLCs, for all of which the Company holds a controlling interest and/or acts as the managing member. At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the million DownREIT units was million. At December 31, 2023, there were approximately million DownREIT units million shares of Healthpeak common stock are issuable upon conversion) outstanding in DownREIT LLCs, for all of which the Company acts as the managing member. At December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the million DownREIT units was million. 
 
 NOTE 13. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Noncontrolling interests share in earnings ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Healthpeak Properties, Inc. Less: Participating securities share in earnings 
 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) applicable to common shares Numerator - Dilutive Net income (loss) applicable to common shares Add: distributions on dilutive convertible units and other Dilutive net income (loss) available to common shares Denominator Basic weighted average shares outstanding Dilutive potential common shares - equity awards (1) 
 Dilutive potential common shares - OP Units (2) 
 Diluted weighted average common shares Earnings (loss) per common share Basic Diluted 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) For all periods presented, represents the dilutive impact of million outstanding equity awards (restricted stock units and stock options). 
 million 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, all million and million shares issuable upon conversion of DownREIT units, respectively, were not included because they were anti-dilutive. 
 
 NOTE 14. 
 
 senior housing assets (the SWF SH JV and (ii) loans receivable. These non-reportable segments have been presented on an aggregate basis within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC, as updated by Note 2 herein. 
 The Company evaluates performance based on property Adjusted NOI. Adjusted NOI is defined as real estate revenues (inclusive of rental and related revenues, resident fees and services, and government grant income and exclusive of interest income), less property level operating expenses; Adjusted NOI excludes all other financial statement amounts included in net income (loss). Adjusted NOI eliminates the effects of straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, termination fees, actuarial reserves for insurance claims that have been incurred but not reported, and the impact of deferred community fee income and expense. 
 Adjusted NOI is calculated as Adjusted NOI from consolidated properties, plus the Company s share of Adjusted NOI from unconsolidated joint ventures (calculated by applying the Company s actual ownership percentage for the period), less noncontrolling interests share of Adjusted NOI from consolidated joint ventures (calculated by applying the Company s actual ownership percentage for the period). Management utilizes its share of Adjusted NOI in assessing its performance as the Company has various joint ventures that contribute to its performance. The Company does not control its unconsolidated joint ventures, and the Company s share of amounts from unconsolidated joint ventures does not represent the Company s legal claim to such items. Adjusted NOI is used to evaluate performance because it provides relevant and useful information by reflecting only income and operating expense items that are incurred at the property level and presenting it on an unlevered basis. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture total revenues Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture total revenues ) ) Operating expenses ) ) ) ) Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture operating expenses ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture operating expenses Adjustments to NOI (1) 
 ) ) ) Adjusted NOI for reportable segments 
 Plus: Adjustments to NOI (1) 
 Interest income and other Interest expense ) Depreciation and amortization ) General and administrative ) Transaction and merger-related costs ) Impairments and loan loss reserves, net ) Gain (loss) on sales of real estate, net Other income (expense), net Less: Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture NOI ) Plus: Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture NOI Income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Represents straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, net, actuarial reserves for insurance claims that have been incurred but not reported, deferral of community fees, and termination fees. Includes the Company s share of income (loss) generated by unconsolidated joint ventures and excludes noncontrolling interests share of income (loss) generated by consolidated joint ventures. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture total revenues Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture total revenues ) ) ) Operating expenses ) ) ) ) Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture operating expenses ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture operating expenses Adjustments to NOI (1) 
 ) ) ) Adjusted NOI for reportable segments 
 Plus: Adjustments to NOI (1) 
 Interest income and other Interest expense ) Depreciation and amortization ) General and administrative ) Transaction and merger-related costs ) Impairments and loan loss reserves, net Other income (expense), net Less: Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture NOI ) Plus: Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture NOI Income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Represents straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, net, actuarial reserves for insurance claims that have been incurred but not reported, deferral of community fees, and termination fees. Includes the Company s share of income (loss) generated by unconsolidated joint ventures and excludes noncontrolling interests share of income (loss) generated by consolidated joint ventures. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture total revenues Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture total revenues ) ) ) Operating expenses ) ) ) ) Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture operating expenses ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture operating expenses Adjustments to NOI (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Adjusted NOI for reportable segments 
 Plus: Adjustments to NOI (1) 
 Interest income and other Interest expense ) Depreciation and amortization ) General and administrative ) Transaction and merger-related costs ) Impairments and loan loss reserves, net ) Gain (loss) on sales of real estate, net Other income (expense), net Less: Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture NOI ) Plus: Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture NOI Income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, net, actuarial reserves for insurance claims that have been incurred but not reported, deferral of community fees, and termination fees. Includes the Company s share of income (loss) generated by unconsolidated joint ventures and excludes noncontrolling interests share of income (loss) generated by consolidated joint ventures. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Government grant income (1) 
 Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture total revenues Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture total revenues ) ) ) Operating expenses ) ) ) ) Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture operating expenses ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture operating expenses Adjustments to NOI (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Adjusted NOI for reportable segments 
 Plus: Adjustments to NOI (2) 
 Interest income and other Interest expense ) Depreciation and amortization ) General and administrative ) Transaction and merger-related costs ) Impairments and loan loss reserves, net Gain (loss) on sales of real estate, net Other income (expense), net Less: Government grant income ) Less: Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture NOI ) Plus: Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture NOI Income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents government grant income received under the CARES Act, which is recorded in other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations (see Note 2). 
 
 Lab 
 CCRC Total revenues for reportable segments 
 Interest income and other 
 Total revenues 
 See Note 3 for impacts to segment assets as a result of the Merger. See these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for other significant transactions impacting the Company s segment assets during the periods presented. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 15. 
 
 Income taxes paid (refunded) Capitalized interest Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: Increase in ROU asset in exchange for new lease liability related to operating leases Accrued construction costs Net noncash impact from the consolidation of property previously held in an unconsolidated joint venture Retained investment in connection with Callan Ridge JV (see Note 8) Non-cash assets and liabilities assumed in connection with the Merger (see Note 3) Seller financing provided on disposition of real estate assets (see Note 7) 
 Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash End of period: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 NOTE 16. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 unconsolidated VIE joint ventures and (ii) the PropTech Investment, an unconsolidated VIE investment in a limited partnership. At December 31, 2023, the Company had investments in unconsolidated VIE joint ventures. The Company determined it is not the primary beneficiary of and therefore does not consolidate these VIEs because it does not have the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance. Except for the Company s equity interest in the unconsolidated joint ventures (the LLC Investment and Needham Land Parcel JV discussed below) and the PropTech Investment, it has no formal involvement in these VIEs beyond its investments. 
 LLC Investment. The Company holds a limited partner ownership interest in an unconsolidated LLC LLC Investment that has been identified as a VIE. The Company s involvement in the entity is limited to its equity investment as a limited partner and it does not have any substantive participating rights or kick-out rights over the general partner. The assets and liabilities of the entity primarily consist of hospitals as well as senior housing real estate. Any assets generated by the entity may only be used to settle its contractual obligations (primarily capital expenditures and debt service payments). 
 PropTech Investment . During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made an initial investment of million in a property technology PropTech fund that makes venture capital investments in early-stage real estate and construction-related companies (the PropTech Investment ). The Company has an aggregate commitment of million, or approximately of total fund commitments, which is expected to be funded over the next . The PropTech Investment has been identified as a VIE. The Company s involvement in the entity is limited to its equity investment as a limited partner and it does not have any substantive participating rights or kick-out rights over the general partner and given its rights and ownership percentage, the Company has virtually no influence or control. The assets and liabilities of the entity primarily consist of investments in certain PropTech real estate and construction companies. All future investments will be funded with capital contributions from the Company and other limited partners in accordance with their respective commitments. 
 Needham Land Parcel JV. In December 2021, the Company acquired a interest in a lab development joint venture in Needham, Massachusetts for million. Current equity at risk is not sufficient to finance the joint venture s activities. The assets and liabilities of the entity primarily consist of real estate and debt service obligations. Any assets generated by the entity may only be used to settle its contractual obligations (primarily development costs and debt service payments). See Note 8 for additional descriptions of the nature, purpose, and operating activities of this unconsolidated VIE and interests therein. 
 Debt Securities Investment. At December 31, 2022, the Company held million of commercial mortgage-backed securities CMBS issued by Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (commonly referred to as Freddie Mac) through a special purpose entity that had been identified as a VIE because it was thinly capitalized. The CMBS issued by the VIE were backed by mortgage debt obligations on real estate assets. These securities were classified as held-to-maturity because the Company had the intent and ability to hold the securities until maturity. These securities matured on December 31, 2022, and the Company received the related proceeds in January 2023. At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was no balance remaining for these securities. 
 Needham Land Parcel JV Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) The Company s maximum loss exposure represents the aggregate carrying amount of such investments. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not provided, and is not required to provide, financial support through a liquidity arrangement or otherwise, to its unconsolidated VIEs, including under circumstances in which it could be exposed to further losses (e.g., cash shortfalls). 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 ownership interest in and is the managing member of a joint venture entity formed in October 2015 that owns and leases outpatient medical buildings Ventures V ). The Company classifies Ventures V as a VIE due to the non-managing member lacking substantive participation rights in the management of Ventures V or kick-out rights over the managing member. The Company consolidates Ventures V as the primary beneficiary because it has the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance. The assets of Ventures V primarily consist of leased properties (net real estate), rents receivable, and cash and cash equivalents; its obligations primarily consist of capital expenditures for the properties. Assets generated by Ventures V may only be used to settle its contractual obligations. 
 MSREI JV. The Company holds a ownership interest in, and is the managing member of, a joint venture entity formed in August 2018 that owns and leases outpatient medical buildings (the MSREI JV ). The MSREI JV is a VIE due to the non-managing member lacking substantive participation rights in the management of the joint venture or kick-out rights over the managing member. The Company consolidates the MSREI JV as the primary beneficiary because it has the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance. The assets of the MSREI JV primarily consist of leased properties (net real estate), rents receivable, and cash and cash equivalents; its obligations primarily consist of capital expenditures for the properties. Assets generated by the MSREI JV may only be used to settle its contractual obligations. 
 DownREITs . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held a controlling ownership interest in and was the managing member of and DownREITs, respectively. In connection with the Merger, during the three months ended March 31, 2024, Physicians Partnership merged with and into DOC DR OP Sub with DOC DR OP Sub surviving as the Partnership Surviving Entity (see Note 3), which resulted in an increase in VIE assets and liabilities when comparing September 30, 2024 to December 31, 2023. The Company classifies the DownREITs as VIEs due to the non-managing members lacking substantive participation rights in the management of the DownREITs or kick-out rights over the managing member. The Company consolidates the DownREITs as the primary beneficiary because it has the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact these VIEs economic performance. The assets of the DownREITs primarily consist of leased properties (net real estate), rents receivable, and cash and cash equivalents; their obligations primarily consist of capital expenditures for the properties, debt service payments, and with respect to DOC DR OP Sub, certain guarantees. Assets generated by the DownREITs (primarily from tenant rents) may only be used to settle their contractual obligations (primarily from debt service and capital expenditures). 
 Other Consolidated Real Estate Partnerships. The Company holds a controlling ownership interest in and is the general partner (or managing member) of multiple partnerships that own and lease real estate assets (the Partnerships ). The Company classifies the Partnerships as VIEs due to the limited partners (non-managing members) lacking substantive participation rights in the management of the Partnerships or kick-out rights over the general partner (managing member). The Company consolidates the Partnerships as the primary beneficiary because it has the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact these VIEs economic performance. The assets of the Partnerships primarily consist of leased properties (net real estate), rents receivable, and cash and cash equivalents; their obligations primarily consist of debt service payments and capital expenditures for the properties. Assets generated by the Partnerships (primarily from tenant rents) may only be used to settle their contractual obligations (primarily from debt service and capital expenditures). 
 Lab JVs. At December 31, 2023, the Company held a or greater ownership interest in multiple joint venture entities that owned and leased lab buildings (the Lab JVs ). The Lab JVs were VIEs as the members shared in certain decisions of the entities, but substantially all of the activities were performed on behalf of the Company. The Company consolidated the Lab JVs as the primary beneficiary because it had the ability to control the activities that most significantly impacted these VIEs economic performance. The assets of the Lab JVs primarily consisted of leased properties (net real estate), rents receivable, and cash and cash equivalents; their obligations primarily consisted of capital expenditures for the properties. Assets generated by the Lab JVs were only used to settle their contractual obligations. In April 2024, the Company acquired the noncontrolling interests associated with these entities (see Note 12) and these entities are no longer included in the VIE assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2024. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Development costs and construction in progress Land and improvements Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net real estate Loans receivable, net Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures Accounts receivable, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Intangible assets, net Right-of-use asset, net Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities Term loans Senior unsecured notes Mortgage debt Intangible liabilities, net Lease liability Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other liabilities Deferred revenue Total liabilities 
 
 NOTE 17. 
 
 Interest rate swap assets (2) 
 Bank line of credit and commercial paper (2) 
 Term loans (2) 
 Senior unsecured notes (1) 
 Mortgage debt (2) 
 Interest rate swap liabilities (2) 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Level 1: Fair value is calculated based on quoted prices in active markets. 
 (2) Level 2: For loans receivable, net, interest rate swap instruments, and mortgage debt, fair value is based on standardized pricing models in which significant inputs or value drivers are observable in active markets. For bank line of credit, commercial paper, and term loans, the carrying values are a reasonable estimate of fair value because the borrowings are primarily based on market interest rates and the Company s credit rating. 
 (3) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and year ended December 31, 2023, there were no material transfers of financial assets or liabilities within the fair value hierarchy. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 18. 
 
 million. 
 In April 2022, the Company entered into interest rate swap instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges and mature in May 2026 on million of variable rate mortgage debt secured by a portfolio of outpatient medical buildings (see Note 10). In February 2023, the Company modified these interest rate swap instruments to reflect the change in the related variable rate mortgage debt s interest rate benchmarks from LIBOR to SOFR (see Note 10). 
 In August 2022, the Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swap instruments on the million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Term Loans (see Note 10). The interest rate swap instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. 
 In January 2024, the Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swap instruments on the million aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Term Loan (see Note 10). The interest rate swap instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. 
 Additionally, on March 1, 2024, concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, the Company acquired: (i) interest rate swap instruments on the million aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Term Loan that are designated as cash flow hedges and (ii) interest rate swap instrument on million of variable rate mortgage debt that is designated as a cash flow hedge (see Note 10). 
 1 mo. USD-SOFR CME Term April 2022 May 2026 Cash flow USD-SOFR w/ -5 Day Lookback + 
 April 2022 May 2026 Cash flow USD-SOFR w/ -5 Day Lookback + 
 August 2022 February 2027 Cash flow 1 mo. USD-SOFR CME Term August 2022 August 2027 Cash flow 1 mo. USD-SOFR CME Term Interest rate swap assets 
 May 2023 (3)(4) 
 May 2028 Cash flow USD-SOFR w/ -5 Day Lookback ) January 2024 (5) 
 February 2029 Cash flow USD-SOFR w/ -5 Day Lookback ) Interest rate swap liabilities 
 ) 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Represents interest rate swap instruments that hedge fluctuations in interest payments on variable rate debt by converting the interest rates to fixed interest rates. The changes in fair value of designated derivatives that qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Derivative assets are recorded at fair value in other assets, net and derivative liabilities are recorded at fair value in accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Includes interest rate swap instruments acquired as part of the Merger (see Note 3). These interest rate swap instruments were redesignated as cash flow hedges on the Closing Date. As a result of the Merger, the aggregate fair value of these interest rate swap instruments was determined to be million on March 1, 2024, which was recognized within other assets, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets on the Closing Date. The aggregate fair value as of the Closing Date is being amortized into interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the terms of the related interest rate swap instruments. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, of related amortization into interest expense. 
 (4) Includes interest rate swap instruments each with notional amounts of million and interest rate swap instrument with a notional amount of million. 
 (5) Includes the following: (i) interest rate swap instruments each with a pay rate of and million notional amount; (ii) interest rate swap instruments each with a pay rate of and million notional amount; (iii) interest rate swap instrument with a pay rate of and million notional amount; (iv) interest rate swap instruments each with a pay rate of and million notional amount; and (v) interest rate swap instruments each with a pay rate of and million notional amount. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 19. 
 
 Accrued construction costs Accrued interest Other accounts payable and accrued liabilities (1) 
 Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other liabilities 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, includes million and million, respectively, of severance-related obligations associated with the departure of a former CEO in October 2022 that had not yet been paid. 
 
 NOTE 20. 
 
 Other deferred revenue (2) 
 Deferred revenue 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company collected nonrefundable entrance fees of million and million, respectively, and recognized amortization of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company collected nonrefundable entrance fees of million and million, respectively, and recognized amortization of million and million, respectively. The amortization of nonrefundable entrance fees is included within resident fees and services on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Other deferred revenue is primarily comprised of prepaid rent, deferred rent, and tenant-funded tenant improvements owned by the Company. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized amortization related to other deferred revenue of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized amortization related to other deferred revenue of million and million, respectively. The amortization of other deferred revenue is included in rental and related revenues on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 On February 10, 2023, we completed our corporate reorganization (the Reorganization into an umbrella partnership REIT UPREIT ). Substantially all of our business is conducted through Healthpeak OP, LLC Healthpeak OP ). We are the managing member of Healthpeak OP and do not have material assets or liabilities, other than through our investment in Healthpeak OP. 
 All references in this report to Healthpeak, the Company, we, us, or our mean Healthpeak Properties, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless the context suggests otherwise, references to Healthpeak Properties, Inc. mean the parent company without its subsidiaries. 
 
 Cautionary Language Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not historical factual statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding our and our officers intent, belief or expectation as identified by the use of words such as may, will, project, expect, believe, intend, anticipate, seek, target, forecast, plan, potential, estimate, could, would, should and other comparable and derivative terms or the negatives thereof. Forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations and views about future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, including our future financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks and uncertainties that may affect our business and future financial performance. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analysis made in light of our experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors that we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith belief and assumptions we believe to be reasonable based upon current information, we can give no assurance that our expectations or forecasts will be attained. Further, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of any such forward-looking statement contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 As more fully set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, principal risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations contained in the forward-looking statements include, among other things: 
 macroeconomic trends, including inflation, interest rates, construction and labor costs, and unemployment; 
 risks associated with the Merger (as defined below), including, but not limited to, our ability to integrate the operations of the Company and Physicians Realty Trust successfully and realize the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the Merger or do so within the anticipated time frame; 
 changes within the industries in which we operate; 
 significant regulation, funding requirements, and uncertainty faced by our lab tenants; 
 factors adversely affecting our tenants , operators , or borrowers ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us; 
 the insolvency or bankruptcy of one or more of our major tenants, operators, or borrowers; 
 our concentration of real estate investments in the healthcare property sector, which makes us more vulnerable to a downturn in that specific sector than if we invested across multiple sectors; 
 the illiquidity of real estate investments; 
 our ability to identify and secure new or replacement tenants and operators; 
 our property development, redevelopment, and tenant improvement risks, including project abandonments, project delays, and lower profits than expected; 
 the ability of the hospitals on whose campuses our outpatient medical buildings are located and their affiliated healthcare systems to remain competitive or financially viable; 
 our ability to develop, maintain, or expand hospital and health system client relationships; 
 operational risks associated with third-party management contracts, including the additional regulation and liabilities of our properties operated through structures permitted by the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, which includes most of the provisions previously proposed in the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007 (commonly referred to as RIDEA 
 economic conditions, natural disasters, weather, and other conditions that negatively affect geographic areas where we have concentrated investments; 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 uninsured or underinsured losses, which could result in significant losses and/or performance declines by us or our tenants and operators; 
 our use of joint ventures may limit our returns on and our flexibility with jointly owned investments; 
 our use of fixed rent escalators, contingent rent provisions, and/or rent escalators based on the Consumer Price Index; 
 competition for suitable healthcare properties to grow our investment portfolio; 
 our ability to foreclose or exercise rights on collateral securing our real estate-related loans; 
 any requirement that we recognize reserves, allowances, credit losses, or impairment charges; 
 investment of substantial resources and time in transactions that are not consummated; 
 our ability to successfully integrate or operate acquisitions; 
 the potential impact on us and our tenants, operators, and borrowers from litigation matters, including rising liability and insurance costs; 
 environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with our real estate investments; 
 our ability to satisfy environmental, social, and governance and sustainability commitments and requirements, as well as stakeholder expectations; 
 epidemics, pandemics, or other infectious diseases, including the coronavirus disease Covid ), and health and safety measures intended to reduce their spread; 
 human capital risks, including the loss or limited availability of our key personnel; 
 our reliance on information technology systems and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure of that technology; 
 volatility, disruption, or uncertainty in the financial markets; 
 increased borrowing costs, including due to rising interest rates; 
 cash available for distribution to stockholders and our ability to make dividend distributions at expected levels; 
 the availability of external capital on acceptable terms or at all, including due to rising interest rates, changes in our credit ratings and the value of our common stock, bank failures or other events affecting financial institutions, and other factors; 
 our ability to manage our indebtedness level and covenants in and changes to the terms of such indebtedness; 
 the failure of our tenants, operators, and borrowers to comply with federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including resident health and safety requirements, as well as licensure, certification, and inspection requirements; 
 required regulatory approvals to transfer our senior housing properties; 
 compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and fire, safety, and other regulations; 
 laws or regulations prohibiting eviction of our tenants; 
 the requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs such as Medicare or Medicaid; 
 legislation to address federal government operations and administrative decisions affecting the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services; 
 our participation in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act Provider Relief Fund and other Covid-related stimulus and relief programs; 
 our ability to maintain our qualification as a real estate investment trust REIT 
 our taxable REIT subsidiaries being subject to corporate level tax; 
 tax imposed on any net income from prohibited transactions 
 changes to U.S. federal income tax laws, and potential deferred and contingent tax liabilities from corporate acquisitions; 
 calculating non-REIT tax earnings and profits distributions; 
 ownership limits in our charter that restrict ownership in our stock; 
 provisions of Maryland law and our charter that could prevent a transaction that may otherwise be in the interest of our stockholders; 
 conflicts of interest between the interests of our stockholders and the interests of holders of Healthpeak OP common units; 
 provisions in the operating agreement of Healthpeak OP and other agreements that may delay or prevent unsolicited acquisitions and other transactions; and 
 our status as a holding company of Healthpeak OP. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Important Information Regarding Our Disclosure to Investors 
 We may use our website (www.healthpeak.com) and our LinkedIn account (https://www.linkedin.com/company/healthpeak) to communicate with our investors and disclose company information. The information disclosed through those channels may be considered to be material, so investors should monitor them in addition to our press releases, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website or social media channels referenced herein are not incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Overview 
 The information set forth in this Item 2 is intended to provide readers with an understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. We will discuss and provide our analysis in the following order: 
 Executive Summary 
 Market Trends and Uncertainties 
 Company Highlights 
 Dividends 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliations 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Executive Summary 
 Healthpeak Properties, Inc. is a Standard Poor s S P 500 company that owns, operates, and develops high-quality real estate focused on healthcare discovery and delivery in the United States U.S. ). Our company was originally founded in 1985. We hold substantially all of our assets and conduct our operations through the operating subsidiary, Healthpeak OP, LLC, a consolidated subsidiary of which we are the managing member. We are a Maryland corporation and qualify as a self-administered REIT. We are headquartered in Denver, Colorado, with additional corporate offices in California, Tennessee, Wisconsin, and Massachusetts and property management offices in several locations throughout the U.S. 
 We have a diversified portfolio of high-quality healthcare properties across three core asset classes of outpatient medical, lab, and continuing care retirement community CCRC real estate. Under the outpatient medical and lab segments, we own, operate, and develop outpatient medical buildings, hospitals, and lab buildings. Under the CCRC segment, our properties are operated through RIDEA structures. We have other non-reportable segments that are comprised primarily of: (i) an interest in an unconsolidated joint venture that owns 19 senior housing assets (our SWF SH JV and (ii) loans receivable. These non-reportable segments have been p resented on an aggregate basis herein. 
 The Merger 
 On March 1, 2024 (the Closing Date ), pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated October 29, 2023 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among us, DOC DR Holdco, LLC, one of our wholly owned subsidiaries DOC DR Holdco ), DOC DR, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Healthpeak OP DOC DR OP Sub ), Physicians Realty Trust, Physicians Realty L.P. (the Physicians Partnership ): (i) Physicians Realty Trust merged with and into DOC DR Holdco (the Company Merger ), with DOC DR Holdco surviving as our wholly owned subsidiary (the Company Surviving Entity (ii) immediately following the effectiveness of the Company Merger, we contributed all of the outstanding equity interests in the Company Surviving Entity to Healthpeak OP (the Contribution and (iii) immediately following the Contribution, Physicians Partnership merged with and into DOC DR OP Sub (the Partnership Merger and, together with the Company Merger, the Merger ), with DOC DR OP Sub surviving as a subsidiary of Healthpeak OP. Subsequent to the Closing Date, the Combined Company means Healthpeak and its subsidiaries. 
 On the Closing Date, each outstanding common share of Physicians Realty Trust (other than Physicians Realty Trust common shares that were canceled in accordance with the Merger Agreement) were converted into the right to receive 0.674 (the Exchange Ratio shares of our common stock, and each outstanding common unit of the Physicians Partnership was converted into common units in the successor entity to the Physicians Partnership equal to the Exchange Ratio. 
 As a result of the Merger, we acquired 299 outpatient medical buildings. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 At September 30, 2024, our portfolio of investments, including properties in certain of our unconsolidated joint ventures, consisted of interests in 700 properties: (i) Outpatient medical 527 properties; (ii) Lab 139 properties; (iii) CCRC 15 properties; and (iv) Other non-reportable 19 properties. The following table summarizes information for our reportable segments for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): 
 Segment Adjusted NOI by Reportable Segment (1) 
 Outpatient medical 197,505 Lab 148,048 CCRC 33,220 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Our Adjusted NOI for our reportable segments, which we also refer to as Total Portfolio Adjusted NOI for our reportable segments, includes results of operations from disposed properties through the disposition date. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a reconciliation of Adjusted NOI by reportable segment to income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures. See our Segment Analysis below for additional information. 
 For a description of our significant activities during 2024, see Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Company Highlights in this report. 
 Business Strategy 
 Our strategy is to invest in and manage real estate focused on healthcare discovery and delivery. We manage our real estate portfolio for the long-term to maximize risk-adjusted returns and support the growth of our dividends. Our strategy consists of four core elements: 
 (i) Our real estate : Our portfolio consists of high-quality properties in desirable locations. Our portfolio is focused on outpatient medical and lab buildings, favorable sectors that benefit from the universal desire for improved health. We have built scale and fostered deep industry relationships, two unique factors that provide us with a competitive advantage. 
 (ii) Our financials : We maintain a strong investment-grade balance sheet with ample liquidity as well as long-term fixed-rate debt financing with staggered maturities to reduce our exposure to interest rate volatility and refinancing risk. 
 (iii) Our partnerships : We work with leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies, as well as healthcare delivery systems, specialty physician groups, and other healthcare service providers, to meet their real estate needs. We provide high-quality property management services to encourage tenants to renew, expand, and relocate into our properties, which drives increased occupancy, rental rates, and property values. 
 (iv) Our platform : We have a people-first culture that we believe attracts, develops, and retains top talent. We continually strive to create and maintain an industry-leading platform, with systems and tools that allow us to effectively and efficiently manage our assets and investment activity. 
 
 Market Trends and Uncertainties 
 Our operating results have been and will continue to be impacted by global and national economic and market conditions generally and by the local economic conditions where our properties are located. 
 Increased interest rates, ongoing geopolitical tensions, and volatility in public and private equity and fixed income markets have led to increased costs and limitations on the availability of capital. In addition, increased interest rates could adversely impact our borrowing costs, the fair value of our fixed rate instruments, transaction volume, and real estate values generally, including our real estate. While there have been signs that the impact of increased interest rates and limitations on the availability of capital are moderating, there can be no assurance that this will continue to be the case. 
 To the extent our tenants and operators have also experienced increased costs, liquidity constraints, and financing difficulties due to the foregoing macroeconomic and market conditions, they may be unable or unwilling to make payments or perform their obligations when due. 
 We have also been affected by increased costs relating to tenant improvements and construction, which, together with rising costs of capital, have adversely affected, and in the future may adversely affect the expected yields on our development and redevelopment projects. While there have been signs that cost pressures are moderating, there can be no assurance that this will continue to be the case. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 We continuously monitor the effects of domestic and global events, including but not limited to inflation, interest rates, and challenges in the financial markets, on our operations and financial position, and on the operations and financial position of our tenants, operators, and borrowers, to enable us to remain responsive and adaptable to the dynamic changes in our operating environment. 
 See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 for additional discussion of the risks posed by macroeconomic conditions, as well as the uncertainties we and our tenants, operators, and borrowers may face as a result. 
 
 Company Highlights 
 On March 1, 2024, we completed the Merger with Physicians Realty Trust, which resulted in the acquisition of 299 outpatient medical buildings. 
 Real Estate Transactions 
 In January 2024, we sold a 65 interest in two lab buildings in San Diego, California (the Callan Ridge JV to a third-party for net proceeds of 128 million. 
 In March 2024, we sold two outpatient medical buildings for 29 million. 
 In April 2024, we exercised our option to buy out four redeemable noncontrolling interests, made aggregate cash payments for the total redemption value of 53 million to the related noncontrolling interest holders, and acquired the redeemable noncontrolling interests associated with these entities. 
 In April 2024, we sold a portfolio of seven lab buildings for 180 million. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, we sold 11 outpatient medical buildings for 179 million. 
 In July 2024, we sold a portfolio of 59 outpatient medical buildings for 674 million and provided the buyer with a mortgage loan secured by the real estate sold for 405 million. 
 Development and Redevelopment Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the following projects were placed in service: (i) a portion of one lab development project with total project costs of 54 million, (ii) a portion of one lab development project with total project costs of 29 million, (iii) one outpatient medical development project held in a consolidated joint venture of which our share of total project costs was 22 million, (iv) one lab redevelopment building held in one of our unconsolidated South San Francisco JVs of which our share of total project costs was 15 million, (v) one lab redevelopment project with total project costs of 14 million, (vi) a portion of one lab redevelopment project with total project costs of 13 million, and (vii) a portion of one lab redevelopment building held in one of our unconsolidated South San Francisco JVs of which our share of total project costs was 9 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 In March 2024, we executed a 750 million five year unsecured term loan (the 2029 Term Loan incurred as an incremental facility under the term loan agreement. In January 2024, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swap instruments on the 2029 Term Loan which are designated as cash flow hedges and establish a blended fixed effective interest rate of 4.66 . 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 10.5 million shares of our common stock under our 2022 Share Repurchase Program (as defined below) at a weighted average price of 17.98 per share for a total of 188 million. 
 Other Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we refinanced one of our existing seller financing loans receivable, extended the maturity date to August 2027, and received aggregate partial principal repayments of 74 million. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we executed an early lease renewal for approximately 2 million square feet leased by CommonSpirit Health, which is subject to a master agreement, which extends the weighted average lease term of existing leases from July 2027 to December 2035, amends the contractual rents to current market rates, and increases the annual contractual lease escalations from 2.5 to 3.0 . 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Dividends 
 The following table summarizes our common stock cash dividends declared in 2024: 
 Declaration Date Record Date Amount Per Share Dividend Payment Date January 31 February 14 0.30 February 26 April 24 May 6 0.30 May 17 July 24 August 5 0.30 August 16 October 23 November 4 0.30 November 15 
 
 Results of Operations 
 We evaluate our business and allocate resources among our reportable business segments: (i) outpatient medical, (ii) lab, and (iii) CCRC. Under the outpatient medical and lab segments, we own, operate, and develop outpatient medical buildings, hospitals, and lab buildings. Our CCRCs are operated through RIDEA structures. We have other non-reportable segments that are comprised primarily of: (i) an interest in our unconsolidated SWF SH JV and (ii) loans receivable . These non-reportable segments have been presented on an aggregate basis herein. We evaluate performance based upon property adjusted net operating income Adjusted NOI or Cash NOI in each segment. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), as updated by Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements herein. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted Net Operating Income 
 Adjusted NOI is a non-U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP supplemental financial measure used to evaluate the operating performance of real estate. Adjusted NOI is defined as real estate revenues (inclusive of rental and related revenues, resident fees and services, and government grant income and exclusive of interest income), less property level operating expenses; Adjusted NOI excludes all other financial statement amounts included in net income (loss) as presented in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Adjusted NOI eliminates the effects of straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, termination fees, actuarial reserves for insurance claims that have been incurred but not reported, and the impact of deferred community fee income and expense. Adjusted NOI is calculated as Adjusted NOI from consolidated properties, plus our share of Adjusted NOI from unconsolidated joint ventures (calculated by applying our actual ownership percentage for the period), less noncontrolling interests share of Adjusted NOI from consolidated joint ventures (calculated by applying our actual ownership percentage for the period). We utilize our share of Adjusted NOI in assessing our performance as we have various joint ventures that contribute to our performance. We do not control our unconsolidated joint ventures, and our share of amounts from unconsolidated joint ventures do not represent our legal claim to such items. Our share of Adjusted NOI should not be considered a substitute for, and should only be considered together with and as a supplement to, our financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 Adjusted NOI is oftentimes referred to as Cash NOI. Management believes Adjusted NOI is an important supplemental measure because it provides relevant and useful information by reflecting only income and operating expense items that are incurred at the property level and present them on an unlevered basis. We use Adjusted NOI to make decisions about resource allocations, to assess and compare property level performance, and to evaluate our Merger-Combined Same-Store Merger-Combined SS performance, as described below. We believe that net income (loss) is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted NOI. Adjusted NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of operating performance to net income (loss) as defined by GAAP since it does not reflect various excluded items. Further, our definition of Adjusted NOI may not be comparable to the definitions used by other REITs or real estate companies, as they may use different methodologies for calculating Adjusted NOI. 
 As described in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, our chief operating decision maker CODM evaluates the performance of our reportable business segments based on Adjusted NOI for the reportable segments, which we also refer to as Total Portfolio Adjusted NOI for our reportable segments. For further information, including information reconciling our Adjusted NOI for reportable segments to our income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures, refer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Operating expenses generally relate to leased outpatient medical and lab buildings, as well as CCRC facilities. We generally recover all or a portion of our leased outpatient medical and lab property expenses through tenant recoveries, which are recognized within rental and related revenues. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Merger-Combined Same-Store Adjusted NOI 
 Merger-Combined Same-Store Adjusted NOI includes legacy Physicians Realty Trust properties that met the same-store criteria as if they were owned by the Company for the full analysis period. This information allows our investors, analysts, and us to evaluate the performance of our property portfolio under a consistent population by eliminating changes in the composition of our portfolio of properties, excluding properties within the other non-reportable segments. We include properties from our consolidated portfolio, as well as properties owned by our unconsolidated joint ventures in Adjusted NOI (see Adjusted NOI definitions above for further discussion regarding our use of pro-rata share information and its limitations). Merger-Combined Same-Store Adjusted NOI excludes government grant income under the CARES Act, amortization of deferred revenue from tenant-funded improvements, and certain non-property specific operating expenses that are allocated to each operating segment on a consolidated basis. 
 Properties are included in Merger-Combined Same-Store once they are fully operating for the entirety of the comparative periods presented. A property is removed from Merger-Combined Same-Store when it is classified as held for sale, sold, placed into redevelopment, experiences a casualty event that significantly impacts operations, or a significant tenant relocates from a Merger-Combined Same-Store property to a Merger-Combined non Same-Store property and that change results in a corresponding increase in revenue. We do not report Merger-Combined Same-Store metrics for our other non-reportable segments. 
 Management believes that continued reporting of the same-store portfolio for only pre-merger Healthpeak Properties, Inc. offers minimal value to investors who are seeking to understand the operating performance and growth potential of the Combined Company. The Company was provided access to the underlying financial statements of legacy Physicians Realty Trust (which financial statements have been audited or, in the case of interim periods, reviewed) and other detailed information about each property, such as the acquisition date. Based on this available information, the Company was able to consistently apply its same-store definition across the combined portfolio. As a result of the Merger, approximately 97 of the combined portfolio is represented in the Merger-Combined Same-Store presentation for the outpatient medical segment for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 For a reconciliation of Merger-Combined Same-Store to total portfolio Adjusted NOI and other relevant disclosures by segment, refer to our Segment Analysis below. 
 Nareit FFO . Funds from Operations FFO ), as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit ), is net income (loss) applicable to common shares (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains or losses from sales of depreciable property, including any current and deferred taxes directly associated with sales of depreciable property, impairments of, or related to, depreciable real estate, plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization, and adjustments to compute our share of Nareit FFO from joint ventures. Adjustments for joint ventures are calculated to reflect our pro rata share of both our consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures. We reflect our share of Nareit FFO for unconsolidated joint ventures by applying our actual ownership percentage for the period to the applicable reconciling items on an entity by entity basis. For consolidated joint ventures in which we do not own 100 , we reflect our share of the equity by adjusting our Nareit FFO to remove the third-party ownership share of the applicable reconciling items based on actual ownership percentage for the applicable periods. Our pro rata share information is prepared on a basis consistent with the comparable consolidated amounts, is intended to reflect our proportionate economic interest in the operating results of properties in our portfolio and is calculated by applying our actual ownership percentage for the period. We do not control the unconsolidated joint ventures, and the pro rata presentations of reconciling items included in Nareit FFO do not represent our legal claim to such items. The joint venture members or partners are entitled to profit or loss allocations and distributions of cash flows according to the joint venture agreements, which provide for such allocations generally according to their invested capital. 
 The presentation of pro rata information has limitations, which include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) the amounts shown on the individual line items were derived by applying our overall economic ownership interest percentage determined when applying the equity method of accounting and do not necessarily represent our legal claim to the assets and liabilities, or the revenues and expenses and (ii) other companies in our industry may calculate their pro rata interest differently, limiting the usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these limitations, the pro rata financial information should not be considered independently or as a substitute for our financial statements as reported under GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP financial statements, using the pro rata financial information as a supplement. 
 We believe Nareit FFO applicable to common shares and diluted FFO applicable to common shares are important supplemental non-GAAP measures of operating performance for a REIT. Because the historical cost accounting convention used for real estate assets utilizes straight-line depreciation (except on land), such accounting presentation implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. Since real estate values instead have historically risen and fallen with market conditions, presentations of operating results for a REIT that use historical cost accounting for depreciation could be less informative. The term Nareit FFO was designed by the REIT industry to address this issue. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Nareit FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs and should not be considered an alternative to net income (loss). We compute Nareit FFO in accordance with the current Nareit definition; however, other REITs may report Nareit FFO differently or have a different interpretation of the current Nareit definition from ours. For a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Nareit FFO and other relevant disclosures, refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliations below. 
 FFO as Adjusted. In addition, we present Nareit FFO on an adjusted basis before the impact of non-comparable items including, but not limited to, transaction and merger-related items, other impairments (recoveries) and other losses (gains), restructuring and severance-related charges, prepayment costs (benefits) associated with early retirement or payment of debt, litigation costs (recoveries), casualty-related charges (recoveries), deferred tax asset valuation allowances, and changes in tax legislation FFO as Adjusted ). These adjustments are net of tax, when applicable, and are reflective of our share from our joint ventures. Adjustments for joint ventures are calculated to reflect our pro rata share of both our consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures. We reflect our share of FFO as Adjusted for unconsolidated joint ventures by applying our actual ownership percentage for the period to the applicable reconciling items on an entity by entity basis. We reflect our share for consolidated joint ventures in which we do not own 100 of the equity by adjusting our FFO as Adjusted to remove the third-party ownership share of the applicable reconciling items based on actual ownership percentage for the applicable periods. See Nareit FFO above for further disclosures regarding our use of pro rata share information and its limitations. Transaction and merger-related items include transaction expenses and gains/charges incurred as a result of mergers and acquisitions and lease amendment or termination activities. Prepayment costs (benefits) associated with early retirement of debt include the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of debt. Other impairments (recoveries) and other losses (gains) include interest income associated with early and partial repayments of loans receivable and other losses or gains associated with non-depreciable assets including goodwill, undeveloped land parcels, and loans receivable. Management believes that FFO as Adjusted provides a meaningful supplemental measurement of our FFO run-rate and is frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested parties in the evaluation of our performance as a REIT. At the same time that Nareit created and defined its FFO measure for the REIT industry, it also recognized that management of each of its member companies has the responsibility and authority to publish financial information that it regards as useful to the financial community. We believe stockholders, potential investors, and financial analysts who review our operating performance are best served by an FFO run-rate earnings measure that includes certain other adjustments to net income (loss), in addition to adjustments made to arrive at the Nareit defined measure of FFO. FFO as Adjusted is used by management in analyzing our business and the performance of our properties and we believe it is important that stockholders, potential investors, and financial analysts understand this measure used by management. We use FFO as Adjusted to: (i) evaluate our performance in comparison with expected results and results of previous periods, relative to resource allocation decisions, (ii) evaluate the performance of our management, (iii) budget and forecast future results to assist in the allocation of resources, (iv) assess our performance as compared with similar real estate companies and the industry in general, and (v) evaluate how a specific potential investment will impact our future results. Other REITs or real estate companies may use different methodologies for calculating an adjusted FFO measure, and accordingly, our FFO as Adjusted may not be comparable to those reported by other REITs. For a reconciliation of net income (loss) to FFO as Adjusted and other relevant disclosure, refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliations below. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted FFO AFFO ). AFFO is defined as FFO as Adjusted after excluding the impact of the following: (i) stock-based compensation amortization expense, (ii) amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts (premiums), (iii) straight-line rents, (iv) deferred income taxes, (v) amortization of above (below) market lease intangibles, net, and (vi) other AFFO adjustments, which include: (a) lease incentive amortization (reduction of straight-line rents), (b) actuarial reserves for insurance claims that have been incurred but not reported, and (c) amortization of deferred revenues, excluding amounts amortized into rental income that are associated with tenant funded improvements owned/recognized by us and up-front cash payments made by tenants to reduce their contractual rents. Also, AFFO is computed after deducting recurring capital expenditures, including second generation leasing costs and second generation tenant and capital improvements AFFO capital expenditures ). All adjustments are reflective of our pro rata share of both our consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures (reported in other AFFO adjustments ). We reflect our share of AFFO for unconsolidated joint ventures by applying our actual ownership percentage for the period to the applicable reconciling items on an entity by entity basis. We reflect our share for consolidated joint ventures in which we do not own 100 of the equity by adjusting our AFFO to remove the third-party ownership share of the applicable reconciling items based on actual ownership percentage for the applicable periods. See Nareit FFO above for further disclosures regarding our use of pro rata share information and its limitations. We believe AFFO is an alternative run-rate earnings measure that improves the understanding of our operating results among investors and makes comparisons with: (i) expected results, (ii) results of previous periods, and (iii) results among REITs more meaningful. AFFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP and is not indicative of cash available to fund cash needs as it excludes the following items which generally flow through our cash flows from operating activities: (i) adjustments for changes in working capital or the actual timing of the payment of income or expense items that are accrued in the period, (ii) transaction-related costs, (iii) litigation settlement expenses, and (iv) restructuring and severance-related charges. Furthermore, AFFO is adjusted for recurring capital expenditures, which are generally not considered when determining cash flows from operations or liquidity. Other REITs or real estate companies may use different methodologies for calculating AFFO, and accordingly, our AFFO may not be comparable to those reported by other REITs. Management believes AFFO provides a meaningful supplemental measure of our performance and is frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested parties in the evaluation of our performance as a REIT, and by presenting AFFO, we are assisting these parties in their evaluation. AFFO is a non-GAAP supplemental financial measure and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) determined in accordance with GAAP and should only be considered together with and as a supplement to our financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. For a reconciliation of net income (loss) to AFFO and other relevant disclosures, refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliations below. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Overview 
 
 The following table summarizes results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (1) (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net income (loss) applicable to common shares 85,675 64,048 21,627 Nareit FFO 311,247 250,226 61,021 FFO as Adjusted 316,205 249,306 66,899 AFFO 284,933 217,305 67,628 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) For the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliations below. 
 Net income (loss) applicable to common shares increased primarily as a result of the following: 
 an increase in Adjusted NOI generated from our lab and outpatient medical segments related to: (i) assets acquired as part of the Merger, (ii) development and redevelopment projects placed in service during 2023 and 2024, and (iii) new leasing activity during 2023 and 2024 (including the impact to straight-line rents); 
 an increase in gain on sales of depreciable real estate related to outpatient medical building dispositions during 2024 as compared to 2023; and 
 an increase in interest income related to mezzanine and secured loans receivable acquired as part of the Merger and seller financing provided in connection with the disposition of 59 outpatient medical buildings in July 2024. 
 The increase in net income (loss) applicable to common shares was partially offset by: 
 an increase in depreciation, primarily as a result of: (i) assets acquired as part of the Merger and (ii) development and redevelopment projects placed in service during 2023 and 2024; 
 an increase in interest expense, primarily as a result of: (i) debt assumed as part of the Merger, including 1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, 400 million aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Term Loan, and 128 million aggregate principal amount of mortgage debt and (ii) borrowings under the 2029 Term Loan, which closed in March 2024; and 
 an increase in transaction and merger-related costs, primarily as a result of costs incurred in connection with the Merger. 
 Nareit FFO increased primarily as a result of the aforementioned events impacting net income (loss) applicable to common shares, except for the following, which are excluded from Nareit FFO: 
 gain on sales of depreciable real estate; and 
 depreciation and amortization expense. 
 FFO as Adjusted increased primarily as a result of the aforementioned events impacting Nareit FFO, except for transaction and merger-related items, which are excluded from FFO as Adjusted. 
 AFFO increased primarily as a result of lower AFFO capital expenditures and the aforementioned events impacting FFO as Adjusted, except for the impact of straight-line rents and amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts (premiums) on amounts recognized in connection with the Merger, which are excluded from AFFO. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (1) (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net income (loss) applicable to common shares 237,985 233,497 4,488 Nareit FFO 785,876 723,737 62,139 FFO as Adjusted 907,128 728,045 179,083 AFFO 802,733 645,813 156,920 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) For the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliations below. 
 Net income (loss) applicable to common shares increased primarily as a result of the following: 
 an increase in Adjusted NOI generated from our lab and outpatient medical segments related to: (i) assets acquired as part of the Merger, (ii) development and redevelopment projects placed in service during 2023 and 2024, and (iii) new leasing activity during 2023 and 2024 (including the impact to straight-line rents); 
 an increase in gain on sales of depreciable real estate related to lab and outpatient medical building dispositions during 2024 as compared to 2023; 
 a gain upon change of control related to the sale of a 65 interest in two lab buildings in San Diego, California to a third-party in January 2024; and 
 an increase in interest income related to mezzanine and secured loans receivable acquired as part of the Merger and seller financing provided in connection with the disposition of 59 outpatient medical buildings in July 2024. 
 The increase in net income (loss) applicable to common shares was partially offset by: 
 an increase in depreciation, primarily as a result of: (i) assets acquired as part of the Merger and (ii) development and redevelopment projects placed in service during 2023 and 2024; 
 an increase in transaction and merger-related costs, primarily as a result of costs incurred in connection with the Merger; 
 an increase in interest expense, primarily as a result of: (i) debt assumed as part of the Merger, including 1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, 400 million aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Term Loan, and 128 million aggregate principal amount of mortgage debt, (ii) senior unsecured notes issued in January and May 2023, and (iii) borrowings under the 2029 Term Loan, which closed in March 2024; 
 an increase in income tax expense primarily as a result of an income tax expense incurred in connection with the sale of a 65 interest in two lab buildings in San Diego, California to a third-party in January 2024; and 
 an increase in loan loss reserves primarily as a result of reserves recognized on loans receivable acquired as part of the Merger. 
 Nareit FFO increased primarily as a result of the aforementioned events impacting net income (loss) applicable to common shares, except for the following, which are excluded from Nareit FFO: 
 depreciation and amortization expense; 
 gain upon change of control; 
 gain on sales of depreciable real estate; and 
 taxes associated with real estate dispositions. 
 FFO as Adjusted increased primarily as a result of the aforementioned events impacting Nareit FFO, except for the following, which are excluded from FFO as Adjusted: 
 transaction and merger-related items; and 
 loan loss reserves. 
 AFFO increased primarily as a result of the aforementioned events impacting FFO as Adjusted, except for the impact of straight-line rents, which is excluded from AFFO, partially offset by higher AFFO capital expenditures during the period. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Analysis 
 The following tables provide selected operating information for our Merger-Combined Same-Store and total property portfolio for each of our reportable segments. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our Merger-Combined Same-Store consists of 639 properties representing properties fully operating on or prior to July 1, 2023 and that remained in operation through September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our Merger-Combined Same-Store consists of 635 properties representing properties fully operating on or prior to January 1, 2023 and that remained in operation through September 30, 2024. Legacy Physicians Realty Trust properties that met the definition of Merger-Combined Same-Store are included in both periods presented as if they were owned by the Company for the full analysis period. See Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information. Our total property portfolio consisted of 700 and 475 properties at September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Included in our total property portfolio at each of September 30, 2024 and 2023 are 19 senior housing assets in our SWF SH JV. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Outpatient Medical 
 The following table summarizes results at and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars and square feet in thousands, except per square foot data): 
 Merger-Combined SS (1) 
 Total Portfolio (2) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental and related revenues 305,960 293,228 12,732 317,659 191,016 126,643 Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture total revenues 6,649 5,996 653 7,065 746 6,319 Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture total revenues (9,154) (8,913) (241) (9,734) (8,735) (999) Operating expenses (100,006) (100,695) 689 (106,484) (67,693) (38,791) Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture operating expenses (2,719) (2,289) (430) (2,832) (301) (2,531) Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture operating expenses 2,688 2,584 104 2,851 2,474 377 Adjustments to NOI (3) 
 (10,679) (3,507) (7,172) (11,020) (3,547) (7,473) Adjusted NOI 192,739 186,404 6,335 197,505 113,960 83,545 Pre-Merger legacy Physicians Realty Trust Adjusted NOI (4) 
 78,814 (78,814) Less: Merger-Combined Non-SS Adjusted NOI (4,766) (6,370) 1,604 Merger-Combined SS Adjusted NOI 192,739 186,404 6,335 Adjusted NOI change 3.4 Property count (5) 
 513 513 527 295 End of period occupancy (6) 
 92.3 92.1 92.2 90.1 Average occupancy (6) 
 92.3 92.1 92.2 90.1 Average occupied square feet 33,744 33,655 34,956 21,507 Average annual total revenues per occupied square foot (7) 
 36 36 36 36 Average annual base rent per occupied square foot (8) 
 28 28 28 29 
 ___________________________________ 
 (1) Merger-Combined Same-Store includes legacy Physicians Realty Trust properties that met the definition of Merger-Combined Same-Store as if they were owned by the Company for the full analysis period. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Merger-Combined Same-Store. 
 (2) Total Portfolio includes results of operations from disposed properties through the disposition date. 2024 Total Portfolio includes results of operations for legacy Healthpeak prior to the Closing Date and results of operations for the Combined Company after the Closing Date. 
 (3) Represents adjustments we make to calculate Adjusted NOI in accordance with our definition of Adjusted NOI, which is used by our CODM to evaluate performance of our reportable segments. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information, including information reconciling our Adjusted NOI for reportable segments to income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures. Refer also to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Adjusted NOI. 
 (4) Represents Adjusted NOI for legacy Physicians Realty Trust properties prior to the Closing Date. 
 (5) From our third quarter 2023 presentation of Same-Store, we added: (i) 290 properties acquired as part of the Merger, (ii) 7 stabilized developments placed in service, (iii) 4 stabilized redevelopments placed in service, and (iv) 2 stabilized acquisitions, and we removed 69 assets that were sold. 
 (6) Total Portfolio occupancy excludes any of the following: (i) developments, (ii) significant redevelopments, (iii) newly completed properties under lease-up, and (iv) properties held for sale. 
 (7) Average annual total revenues does not include non-cash revenue adjustments (i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, and deferred revenues). 
 (8) Base rent does not include tenant recoveries, additional rents in excess of floors, and non-cash revenue adjustments (i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, and deferred revenues). 
 Merger-Combined Same-Store Adjusted NOI increased primarily as a result of the following: 
 mark-to-market lease renewals; 
 annual rent escalations; 
 higher average occupancy; and 
 lower operating expenses from our internalization of property management. 
 Total Portfolio Adjusted NOI increased primarily as a result of the aforementioned increases to Merger-Combined Same-Store and the following Merger-Combined Non-Same-Store impacts: 
 Adjusted NOI from the outpatient medical buildings acquired as part of the Merger in 2024; 
 increased occupancy in former redevelopment and development properties that have been placed into service; partially offset by 
 decreased Adjusted NOI from our 2023 and 2024 dispositions. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes results at and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars and square feet in thousands, except per square foot data): 
 Merger-Combined SS (1) 
 Total Portfolio (2) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental and related revenues 896,922 859,343 37,579 888,446 564,644 323,802 Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture total revenues 19,418 17,962 1,456 16,707 2,245 14,462 Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture total revenues (27,078) (26,507) (571) (27,952) (26,364) (1,588) Operating expenses (295,772) (290,395) (5,377) (299,455) (197,442) (102,013) Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture operating expenses (7,482) (6,690) (792) (6,380) (895) (5,485) Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture operating expenses 7,777 7,605 172 7,889 7,477 412 Adjustments to NOI (3) 
 (25,812) (11,298) (14,514) (27,573) (11,373) (16,200) Adjusted NOI 567,973 550,020 17,953 551,682 338,292 213,390 Pre-Merger legacy Physicians Realty Trust Adjusted NOI (4) 
 61,398 233,483 (172,085) Less: Merger-Combined Non-SS Adjusted NOI (45,107) (21,755) (23,352) Merger-Combined SS Adjusted NOI 567,973 550,020 17,953 Adjusted NOI change 3.3 Property count (5) 
 510 510 527 295 End of period occupancy (6) 
 92.3 92.2 92.2 90.1 Average occupancy (6) 
 92.4 92.1 92.1 90.0 Average occupied square feet 33,597 33,488 36,209 21,519 Average annual total revenues per occupied square foot (7) 
 36 35 36 35 Average annual base rent per occupied square foot (8) 
 28 27 29 28 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Merger-Combined Same-Store includes legacy Physicians Realty Trust properties that met the definition of Merger-Combined Same-Store as if they were owned by the Company for the full analysis period. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Merger-Combined Same-Store. 
 (2) Total Portfolio includes results of operations from disposed properties through the disposition date. 2024 Total Portfolio includes results of operations for legacy Healthpeak prior to the Closing Date and results of operations for the Combined Company after the Closing Date. 
 (3) Represents adjustments we make to calculate Adjusted NOI in accordance with our definition of Adjusted NOI, which is used by our CODM to evaluate performance of our reportable segments. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information, including information reconciling our Adjusted NOI for reportable segments to income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures. Refer also to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Adjusted NOI. 
 (4) Represents Adjusted NOI for legacy Physicians Realty Trust properties prior to the Closing Date. 
 (5) From our third quarter 2023 presentation of Same-Store, we added: (i) 290 properties acquired as part of the Merger, (ii) 8 stabilized developments placed in service, (iii) 5 stabilized redevelopments placed in service, and (iv) 4 stabilized acquisitions, and we removed 69 assets that were sold. 
 (6) Total Portfolio occupancy excludes any of the following: (i) developments, (ii) significant redevelopments, (iii) newly completed properties under lease-up, and (iv) properties held for sale. 
 (7) Average annual total revenues does not include non-cash revenue adjustments (i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, and deferred revenues). 
 (8) Base rent does not include tenant recoveries, additional rents in excess of floors, and non-cash revenue adjustments (i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, and deferred revenues). 
 Merger-Combined Same-Store Adjusted NOI increased primarily as a result of the following: 
 mark-to-market lease renewals; 
 annual rent escalations; and 
 higher average occupancy; partially offset by 
 higher operating expenses, net of savings from our internalization of property management. 
 Total Portfolio Adjusted NOI increased primarily as a result of the aforementioned increases to Merger-Combined Same-Store and the following Merger-Combined Non-Same-Store impacts: 
 Adjusted NOI from the outpatient medical buildings acquired as part of the Merger in 2024; 
 increased occupancy in former redevelopment and development properties that have been placed into service; partially offset by 
 business interruption proceeds received in 2023 related to a demolished asset; and 
 decreased Adjusted NOI from our 2023 and 2024 dispositions. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Lab 
 
 The following table summarizes results at and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars and square feet in thousands, except per square foot data): 
 Merger-Combined SS 
 Total Portfolio 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental and related revenues 191,519 183,208 8,311 225,592 226,059 (467) Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture total revenues 783 809 (26) 5,242 2,425 2,817 Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture total revenues (154) 154 Operating expenses (56,785) (52,511) (4,274) (64,075) (60,268) (3,807) Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture operating expenses (470) (370) (100) (1,811) (958) (853) Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture operating expenses 33 (33) Adjustments to NOI (1) 
 (10,650) (10,146) (504) (16,900) (9,842) (7,058) Adjusted NOI 124,397 120,990 3,407 148,048 157,295 (9,247) Less: Merger-Combined Non-SS Adjusted NOI (23,651) (36,305) 12,654 Merger-Combined SS Adjusted NOI 124,397 120,990 3,407 Adjusted NOI change 2.8 Property count (2) 
 111 111 139 146 End of period occupancy (3) 
 95.9 97.0 95.7 97.5 Average occupancy (3) 
 95.9 97.1 95.6 97.5 Average occupied square feet 8,481 8,583 9,561 10,574 Average annual total revenues per occupied square foot (4) 
 86 81 90 83 Average annual base rent per occupied square foot (5) 
 62 61 67 64 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Represents adjustments we make to calculate Adjusted NOI in accordance with our definition of Adjusted NOI, which is used by our CODM to evaluate performance of our reportable segments. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information, including information reconciling our Adjusted NOI for reportable segments to income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures. Refer also to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Adjusted NOI. 
 (2) From our third quarter 2023 presentation of Same-Store, we added: (i) 4 stabilized developments placed in service, (ii) 3 stabilized redevelopments placed in service, and (iii) 2 buildings that previously experienced a significant tenant relocation, and we removed: (i) 11 buildings that were placed into redevelopment, (ii) 7 assets that were sold, and (iii) 2 buildings that experienced a significant tenant relocation. 
 (3) Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Merger-Combined Same-Store. Total Portfolio occupancy excludes any of the following: (i) developments, (ii) significant redevelopments, (iii) newly completed properties under lease-up, and (iv) properties held for sale. 
 (4) Average annual total revenues does not include non-cash revenue adjustments (i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, and deferred revenues). 
 (5) Base rent does not include tenant recoveries, additional rents in excess of floors, and non-cash revenue adjustments (i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, and deferred revenues). 
 Merger-Combined Same-Store Adjusted NOI increased primarily as a result of the following: 
 annual rent escalations; partially offset by 
 higher operating expenses, net of savings from our internalization of property management; and 
 lower occupancy. 
 Total Portfolio Adjusted NOI decreased primarily as a result of the aforementioned impacts to Merger-Combined Same-Store and the following Merger-Combined Non-Same-Store impacts: 
 decreased Adjusted NOI from our 2023 and 2024 dispositions; and 
 decreased Adjusted NOI from buildings placed into development and redevelopment in 2023 and 2024. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes results at and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars and square feet in thousands, except per square foot data): 
 Merger-Combined SS Total Portfolio (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Rental and related revenues 542,875 532,588 10,287 663,619 654,829 8,790 Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture total revenues 2,489 2,646 (157) 14,404 6,519 7,885 Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture total revenues (196) (449) 253 Operating expenses (150,657) (146,304) (4,353) (177,571) (172,666) (4,905) Healthpeak s share of unconsolidated joint venture operating expenses (1,400) (1,438) 38 (4,663) (2,987) (1,676) Noncontrolling interests share of consolidated joint venture operating expenses 52 108 (56) Adjustments to NOI (2) 
 (31,193) (36,202) 5,009 (51,624) (25,618) (26,006) Adjusted NOI 362,114 351,290 10,824 444,021 459,736 (15,715) Less: Merger-Combined Non-SS Adjusted NOI (81,907) (108,446) 26,539 Merger-Combined SS Adjusted NOI 362,114 351,290 10,824 Adjusted NOI change 3.1 Property count (3) 
 110 110 139 146 End of period occupancy (4) 
 95.8 96.9 95.7 97.5 Average occupancy (4) 
 95.9 97.7 95.9 98.1 Average occupied square feet 8,272 8,425 9,735 10,538 Average annual total revenues per occupied square foot (5) 
 83 79 87 81 Average annual base rent per occupied square foot (6) 
 61 59 66 62 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Total Portfolio includes results of operations from disposed properties through the disposition date. 
 (2) Represents adjustments we make to calculate Adjusted NOI in accordance with our definition of Adjusted NOI, which is used by our CODM to evaluate performance of our reportable segments. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information, including information reconciling our Adjusted NOI for reportable segments to income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures. Refer also to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Adjusted NOI. 
 (3) From our third quarter 2023 presentation of Same-Store, we added: (i) 6 stabilized developments placed in service, (ii) 2 stabilized redevelopments placed in service, and (iii) 2 buildings that previously experienced a significant tenant relocation, and we removed: (i) 10 buildings that were placed into redevelopment, (ii) 7 assets that were sold, and (iii) 2 buildings that experienced a significant tenant relocation. 
 (4) Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Merger-Combined Same-Store. Total Portfolio occupancy excludes any of the following: (i) developments, (ii) significant redevelopments, (iii) newly completed properties under lease-up, and (iv) properties held for sale. 
 (5) Average annual total revenues does not include non-cash revenue adjustments (i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, and deferred revenues). 
 (6) Base rent does not include tenant recoveries, additional rents in excess of floors, and non-cash revenue adjustments (i.e., straight-line rents, amortization of market lease intangibles, and deferred revenues). 
 Merger-Combined Same-Store Adjusted NOI increased primarily as a result of the following: 
 annual rent escalations; partially offset by 
 higher operating expenses, net of savings from our internalization of property management; and 
 lower occupancy. 
 Total Portfolio Adjusted NOI decreased primarily as a result of the aforementioned impacts to Merger-Combined Same-Store and the following Merger-Combined Non-Same-Store impacts: 
 decreased Adjusted NOI from our 2023 and 2024 dispositions; and 
 decreased Adjusted NOI from buildings placed into development and redevelopment in 2023 and 2024. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Continuing Care Retirement Community 
 
 The following table summarizes results at and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands, except per unit data): 
 Merger-Combined SS 
 Total Portfolio Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Resident fees and services 142,541 133,603 8,938 142,845 133,808 9,037 Operating expenses (109,084) (104,236) (4,848) (109,720) (104,773) (4,947) Adjustments to NOI (1) 
 94 94 95 95 Adjusted NOI 33,551 29,367 4,184 33,220 29,035 4,185 Plus (less): Merger-Combined Non-SS adjustments 331 332 (1) Merger-Combined SS Adjusted NOI 33,551 29,367 4,184 Adjusted NOI change 14.2 Property count (2) 
 15 15 15 15 Average occupancy (3) 
 85.1 83.9 85.2 83.9 Average occupied units (4) 
 6,001 5,956 6,013 5,965 Average annual rent per occupied unit 95,011 89,726 95,025 89,729 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Represents adjustments we make to calculate Adjusted NOI in accordance with our definition of Adjusted NOI, which is used by our CODM to evaluate performance of our reportable segments. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information, including information reconciling our Adjusted NOI for reportable segments to income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures. Refer also to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Adjusted NOI. 
 (2) From our third quarter 2023 presentation of Merger-Combined Same-Store, no properties were added or removed. 
 (3) Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Merger-Combined Same-Store. Total Portfolio occupancy excludes any of the following: (i) developments, (ii) significant redevelopments, (iii) newly completed properties under lease-up, and (iv) properties held for sale. 
 (4) Represents average occupied units as reported by the operators for the three-month period. 
 Merger-Combined Same-Store Adjusted NOI and Total Portfolio Adjusted NOI increased primarily as a result of the following: 
 increased rates for resident fees; and 
 higher occupancy; partially offset by 
 higher costs of labor, management fees, and advertising. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes results at and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands, except per unit data): 
 Merger-Combined SS 
 Total Portfolio Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Resident fees and services 421,603 390,686 30,917 422,512 391,076 31,436 Government grant income (1) 
 184 (184) Operating expenses (319,110) (306,123) (12,987) (320,809) (307,551) (13,258) Adjustments to NOI (2) 
 (1,642) (678) (964) (1,645) (679) (966) Adjusted NOI 100,851 83,885 16,966 100,058 83,030 17,028 Plus (less): Merger-Combined Non-SS adjustments 793 855 (62) Merger-Combined SS Adjusted NOI 100,851 83,885 16,966 Adjusted NOI change 20.2 Property count (3) 
 15 15 15 15 Average occupancy (4) 
 85.2 83.5 85.3 83.5 Average occupied units (5) 
 6,023 5,929 6,035 5,936 Average annual rent per occupied unit 93,332 87,859 93,347 87,883 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Represents government grant income received under the CARES Act, which is recorded in other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) Represents adjustments we make to calculate Adjusted NOI in accordance with our definition of Adjusted NOI, which is used by our CODM to evaluate performance of our reportable segments. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information, including information reconciling our Adjusted NOI for reportable segments to income (loss) before income taxes and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures. Refer also to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Adjusted NOI. 
 (3) From our third quarter 2023 presentation of Same-Store, no properties were added or removed. 
 (4) Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures above for the definition of Merger-Combined Same-Store. Total Portfolio occupancy excludes any of the following: (i) developments, (ii) significant redevelopments, (iii) newly completed properties under lease-up, and (iv) properties held for sale. 
 (5) Represents average occupied units as reported by the operators for the nine-month period. 
 Merger-Combined Same-Store Adjusted NOI and Total Portfolio Adjusted NOI increased primarily as a result of the following: 
 increased rates for resident fees; and 
 higher occupancy; partially offset by 
 higher costs of labor, management fees, and advertising. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income and Expense Items 
 
 The following table summarizes the results of our other income and expense items for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Interest income and other 14,301 5,360 8,941 27,884 16,802 11,082 Interest expense 74,105 50,510 23,595 209,922 147,547 62,375 Depreciation and amortization 280,019 184,559 95,460 782,736 561,357 221,379 General and administrative 23,216 23,093 123 73,233 73,576 (343) Transaction and merger-related costs 7,134 36 7,098 122,113 3,098 119,015 Impairments and loan loss reserves (recoveries), net 441 (550) 991 11,346 (156) 11,502 Gain (loss) on sales of real estate, net 62,325 62,325 187,624 86,463 101,161 Other income (expense), net 982 1,481 (499) 83,502 4,208 79,294 Income tax benefit (expense) (1,938) (787) (1,151) (18,364) (2,225) (16,139) Equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures (3,834) 2,101 (5,935) (1,407) 6,646 (8,053) Noncontrolling interests share in earnings (6,866) (4,442) (2,424) (18,036) (24,297) 6,261 
 Interest income and other 
 Interest income and other increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily as a result of: (i) mezzanine and secured loans receivable acquired as part of the Merger and (ii) seller financing provided in connection with the disposition of 59 outpatient medical buildings in July 2024, partially offset by principal repayments on loans receivable in 2023 and 2024. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily as a result of: (i) debt assumed as part of the Merger, including 1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, 400 million aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Term Loan, and 128 million aggregate principal amount of mortgage debt and (ii) borrowings under the 2029 Term Loan, which closed in March 2024, partially offset by lower borrowings on the commercial paper program. Interest expense further increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of senior unsecured notes issued in January and May 2023. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily as a result of: (i) assets acquired as part of the Merger and (ii) development and redevelopment projects placed in service during 2023 and 2024, partially offset by: (i) assets placed into development and redevelopment in 2023 and 2024 and (ii) dispositions of real estate in 2023 and 2024. 
 Transaction and merger-related costs 
 Transaction and merger-related costs increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily as a result of advisory, legal, accounting, tax, post-combination severance and stock compensation expense, and other costs of combining operations with Physicians Realty Trust that were incurred in connection with the Merger. The increase in transaction and merger-related costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was partially offset by expenses incurred in connection with our reorganization to an UPREIT structure in 2023. 
 Impairments and loan loss reserves (recoveries), net 
 Impairments and loan loss reserves (recoveries), net increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of an increase in loan loss reserves under the current expected credit losses model, which is primarily due to reserves recognized on secured loans and mezzanine loans receivable acquired as part of the Merger. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Gain (loss) on sales of real estate, net 
 Gain (loss) on sales of real estate, net increased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of: (i) the 3 million gain on sales of two outpatient medical buildings which were sold during the three months ended March 31, 2024, (ii) the 55 million gain on sales of seven lab buildings and 67 million gain on sales of 11 outpatient medical buildings which were sold during the three months ended June 30, 2024, and (iii) the 60 million gain on sales of a portfolio of 59 outpatient medical buildings which were sold during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to: (i) the 60 million gain on sales of two lab buildings in Durham, North Carolina, which were sold during the three months ended March 31, 2023 and (ii) the 21 million gain on sales of two outpatient medical buildings, which were sold during the three months ended March 31, 2023. Refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding dispositions of real estate and the associated gain (loss) on sales recognized. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Other income increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to a gain upon change of control related to the sale of a 65 interest in two lab buildings in San Diego, California to a third-party in January 2024. 
 Income tax benefit (expense) 
 Income tax expense increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of an increase in operating income associated with our CCRCs. Income tax expense further increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of income tax expense incurred in connection with the sale of a 65 interest in two lab buildings in San Diego, California to a third-party in January 2024. 
 Equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 Equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily as a result of losses on unconsolidated joint ventures acquired as part of the Merger, partially offset by increased income from the South San Francisco JVs. 
 Noncontrolling interests share in earnings 
 Noncontrolling interests share in earnings increased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily as a result of increased income from consolidated joint ventures acquired as part of the Merger. Noncontrolling interests share in earnings decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily as a result of a gain on sale of an outpatient medical building in a consolidated joint venture in the first quarter of 2023, partially offset by increased income from consolidated joint ventures acquired as part of the Merger. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We anticipate that our cash flows from operations, available cash balances, and cash from our various financing activities will be adequate for the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future for purposes of: (i) funding recurring operating expenses; (ii) meeting debt service requirements; and (iii) satisfying funding of distributions to our stockholders and non-controlling interest members. Distributions are made using a combination of cash flows from operations, funds available under our bank line of credit (the Revolving Facility and commercial paper program, proceeds from the sale of properties, and other sources of cash available to us. 
 In addition to funding the activities above, our principal liquidity needs for the next 12 months are to: 
 fund capital expenditures, including tenant improvements and leasing costs; and 
 fund future acquisition, transactional, and development and redevelopment activities. 
 Our longer term liquidity needs include the items listed above as well as meeting debt service requirements. 
 We anticipate satisfying these future needs using one or more of the following: 
 cash flows from operations; 
 sale of, or exchange of ownership interests in, properties or other investments; 
 borrowings under our Revolving Facility and commercial paper program; 
 issuance of additional debt, including unsecured notes, term loans, and mortgage debt; and/or 
 issuance of common or preferred stock or its equivalent, including sales of common stock under the ATM Program (as defined below). 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to access the capital markets impacts our cost of capital and ability to refinance maturing indebtedness, as well as our ability to fund future acquisitions and development through the issuance of additional securities or secured debt. Credit ratings impact our ability to access capital and directly impact our cost of capital as well. Our 2029 Term Loan, our two senior unsecured delayed draw term loans with an aggregate principal amount of 500 million (the 2027 Term Loans ), our 2028 Term Loan, and our Revolving Facility accrue interest at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a margin that depends on the credit ratings of our senior unsecured long-term debt. We also pay a facility fee on the entire commitment under our Revolving Facility that depends upon our credit ratings. As of October 23, 2024, we had long-term credit ratings of Baa1 from Moody s and BBB+ from S P Global, and short-term credit ratings of P-2 from Moody s and A-2 from S P Global. 
 A downgrade in credit ratings by Moody s or S P Global may have a negative impact on (i) the interest rates of our Revolving Facility, 2027 Term Loans, 2028 Term Loan, and 2029 Term Loan, (ii) facility fees for our Revolving Facility, and (iii) the pricing of notes issued under our commercial paper program and senior unsecured notes. While a downgrade in our credit ratings would adversely impact our cost of borrowing, we believe we would continue to have access to the unsecured debt markets, and we could also seek to enter into one or more secured debt financings, issue additional securities, including under our ATM Program, or dispose of certain assets to fund future operating costs, capital expenditures, or acquisitions, although no assurances can be made in this regard. Refer to Market Trends and Uncertainties above for a more comprehensive discussion of the potential impact of economic and market conditions on our business. 
 
 Changes in Material Cash Requirements and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 Debt. Our material cash requirements related to debt increased by 1.7 billion to 8.6 billion at September 30, 2024, when compared to December 31, 2023, primarily as a result of: (i) 1.25 billion aggregate principal of senior unsecured notes assumed as part of the Merger; (ii) borrowings under the 2029 Term Loan with an aggregate principal balance of 750 million which was executed on March 1, 2024; (iii) the 2028 Term Loan with an aggregate principal balance of 400 million which was assumed as part of the Merger; and (iv) 128 million aggregate principal of mortgage debt assumed as part of the Merger, partially offset by a 720 million decrease in notes outstanding under our commercial paper program. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our debt commitments. 
 Development and redevelopment commitments . Our material cash requirements related to development and redevelopment projects and Company-owned tenant improvements increased by 27 million to 206 million at September 30, 2024, when compared to December 31, 2023, primarily as a result of (i) additional commitments on projects placed into development and redevelopment during the period and (ii) commitments related to development projects acquired as part of the Merger, partially offset by additional construction spend on projects in development and redevelopment during the first three quarters of 2024. 
 Construction loan commitments. Our material cash requirements to provide additional loans for redevelopment and capital expenditure projects increased by 27 million to 56 million at September 30, 2024, when compared to December 31, 2023. This increase was the result of outstanding commitments on secured loans acquired as part of the Merger, partially offset by a reduction in remaining commitments on seller financing that was refinanced in 2024. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Other investment commitments. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we made an initial investment of 1 million in a property technology fund that makes venture capital investments in early-stage real estate and construction-related companies (the PropTech Investment ). At September 30, 2024, our remaining funding commitment to the PropTech Investment is 9 million, which is expected to be funded over the next five years. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests. Our material cash requirements related to redeemable noncontrolling interests decreased by 48 million to 1 million at September 30, 2024, when compared to December 31, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to the exercise of our option to buy out four redeemable noncontrolling interests in April 2024, partially offset by the redeemable noncontrolling interest we assumed as part of the Merger. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution and Dividend Requirements. Our dividend policy on our common stock is to distribute a percentage of our cash flow to ensure that we meet the dividend requirements of the Code, relative to maintaining our REIT status, while still allowing us to retain cash to fund capital improvements and other investment activities. Under the Code, REITs may be subject to certain federal income and excise taxes on undistributed taxable income. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, in connection with the Merger, Physicians Partnership merged with and into DOC DR OP Sub with DOC DR OP Sub surviving as the Partnership Surviving Entity. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 6 million DownREIT units of the Partnership Surviving Entity were outstanding (6 million shares of Healthpeak common stock are issuable upon conversion). Each DownREIT unitholder will receive quarterly cash distributions per unit equal to dividends paid per share on our common stock. Additionally, in connection with the Merger, we issued 162 million shares of our common stock on March 1, 2024. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. We will pay our stockholders quarterly cash dividends per common share. There have been no other changes to our distribution and dividend requirements during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements . We own interests in certain unconsolidated joint ventures as described in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Four of these joint ventures have mortgage debt of 840 million, of which our share is 186 million. Except in limited circumstances, our risk of loss is limited to our investment in the joint ventures. 
 There have been no other material changes, outside of the ordinary course of business, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the material cash requirements or material off-balance sheet arrangements disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 under Material Cash Requirements and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 The following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below. 
 The following table sets forth changes in cash flows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 786,966 724,994 61,972 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 119,975 (361,086) 481,061 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (833,919) (376,815) (457,104) 
 Operating Cash Flows 
 Our cash flows from operations are dependent upon the occupancy levels of our buildings, rental rates on leases, our tenants performance on their lease obligations, the level of operating expenses, and other factors. Our net cash provided by operating activities increased 62 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of: (i) an increase in Adjusted NOI from properties acquired as part of the Merger, (ii) developments and redevelopments placed in service during 2023 and 2024, (iii) annual rent increases, and (iv) new leasing and renewal activity. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by: (i) an increase in merger-related costs and (ii) an increase in cash paid for interest. 
 Investing Cash Flows 
 Our cash flows from investing activities are generally used to fund acquisitions, developments, and redevelopments of real estate, net of proceeds received from sales of real estate and repayments on loans receivable. Our net cash provided by investing activities increased 481 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of the following: (i) an increase in proceeds from sales of real estate, (ii) a reduction in cash used for development and redevelopment of real estate, (iii) proceeds received from the Callan Ridge JV transaction, and (iv) a reduction in cash used for acquisitions of real estate. The increase in cash provided by investing activities was partially offset by: (i) cash paid in connection with the Merger, (ii) a decrease in proceeds from principal repayments on loans receivable and marketable debt securities, (iii) an increase in fundings of loans for redevelopment and capital expenditure projects, and (iv) a decrease in proceeds received from insurance recoveries. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Cash Flows 
 Our cash flows from financing activities are generally impacted by issuances and/or repurchases of equity, borrowings and repayments under our bank line of credit and commercial paper program, senior unsecured notes, term loans, and mortgage debt, net of dividends paid to common shareholders. Our net cash used in financing activities increased 457 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of the following: (i) repurchases of common stock under our 2022 Share Repurchase Program, (ii) higher net repayments under the commercial paper program, (iii) an increase in dividends paid on common stock, and (iv) cash used to buy out redeemable noncontrolling interests in April 2024. The increase in cash used in financing activities was partially offset by lower distributions to other noncontrolling interests in 2024. 
 
 Debt 
 On March 1, 2024, concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, we assumed the following debt instruments: (i) 1.25 billion aggregate principal of senior unsecured notes, (ii) the 400 million 2028 Term Loan, and (iii) 128 million aggregate principal of mortgage debt. Additionally, on March 1, 2024, concurrently with the consummation of the Merger, we executed the 750 million 2029 Term Loan, which is an incremental facility under our existing term loan agreement. 
 In January 2024, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swap instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges that effectively established a fixed interest rate for the 2029 Term Loan at a blended effective interest rate of 4.66 . Additionally, on March 1, 2024, in connection with the consummation of the Merger, we acquired: (i) three interest rate swap instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges that effectively establish a fixed interest rate for the 2028 Term Loan at a blended effective interest rate of 4.44 and (ii) one interest rate swap instrument on 36 million of variable rate mortgage debt that is designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our outstanding debt. 
 Approximately 99 and 94 of our consolidated debt was fixed rate debt as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, our fixed rate debt and variable rate debt had weighted average effective interest rates of 4.05 and 7.41 , respectively. At September 30, 2023, our fixed rate debt and variable rate debt had weighted average effective interest rates of 3.70 and 5.65 , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had the following sw apped to fixed rates through interest rate swap instruments: (i) the 750 million 2029 Term Loan, (ii) the 500 million 2027 Term Loans, (iii) the 400 million 2028 Term Loan, and (iv) 178 million of variable rate mortgage debt. These interest rate swap instruments are designated as cash flow hedges. For purposes of classification of the amounts above, variable rate debt with a derivative financial instrument designated as a cash flow hedge is reported as fixed rate debt due to us having effectively established a fixed interest rate for the underlying debt instrument. For a more detailed discussion of our interest rate risk, see Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in Item 3 below. 
 Supplemental Guarantor Information 
 Healthpeak OP has issued the senior unsecured notes issued by Healthpeak prior to the consummation of the Merger as described in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The obligations of Healthpeak OP to pay principal, premiums, if any, and interest on such senior unsecured notes are guaranteed on a full and unconditional basis by the Company, DOC DR Holdco, and DOC DR OP Sub. Additionally, DOC DR OP Sub is the issuer, as successor to the Physicians Partnership upon the Merger, of the senior unsecured notes issued by the Physicians Partnership prior to, and assumed by Healthpeak as part of, the Merger as described in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The obligations of DOC DR OP Sub to pay principal, premiums, if any, and interest on such senior unsecured notes are guaranteed on a full and unconditional basis by the Company, Healthpeak OP, and DOC DR Holdco. 
 Subsidiary issuers of obligations guaranteed by the parent are not required to provide separate financial statements, provided that the parent guarantee is full and unconditional , the subsidiary obligor is a consolidated subsidiary of the parent company, the guaranteed security is debt or debt-like, and consolidated financial statements of the parent company have been filed. Accordingly, separate consolidated financial statements of Healthpeak OP, DOC DR Holdco, and DOC DR OP Sub have not been presented. 
 As permitted under Rule 13-01 of Regulation S-X, we have excluded the summarized financial information for the Company, Healthpeak OP, DOC DR Holdco, and DOC DR OP because the Company, Healthpeak OP, DOC DR Holdco, and DOC DR OP have no material assets, liabilities, or operations other than the debt financing activities described in the first paragraph of Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and their investments in non-guarantor subsidiaries, and management believes such summarized financial information would be repetitive and would not provide incremental value to investors. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Equity 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 699 million shares of common stock outstanding, equity totaled 9.2 billion, and our equity securities had a market value of 16.3 billion. 
 The Merger 
 Pursuant to the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, on the Closing Date, each outstanding share of Physicians Realty Trust (other than Physicians Realty Trust common shares that were canceled in accordance with the Merger Agreement) automatically converted into the right to receive 0.674 shares of our common stock. Based on the number of outstanding Physicians Realty Trust common shares as of the Closing Date, we issued 162 million shares of our common stock. Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Merger. 
 At-The-Market Program 
 In February 2023, in connection with the Reorganization, we terminated our previous at-the-market equity offering program and established a new at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program that allows for the sale of shares of common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to 1.5 billion. The ATM Program was amended in March 2024 to contemplate the sale of the remaining shares of common stock pursuant to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on February 8, 2024. In addition to the issuance and sale of shares of our common stock, we may also enter into one or more forward sales agreements (each, an ATM forward contract with sales agents for the sale of our shares of common stock under our ATM Program. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not issue any shares of our common stock under any ATM program. 
 At September 30, 2024, 1.5 billion of our common stock remained available for sale under the ATM Program. Actual future sales of our common stock will depend upon a variety of factors, including but not limited to market conditions, the trading price of our common stock, and our capital needs. We have no obligation to sell any shares under our ATM Program. 
 See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our ATM Program. 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Healthpeak OP . Immediately following the Reorganization, Healthpeak Properties, Inc. was the initial sole member and 100 owner of Healthpeak OP. Subsequent to the Reorganization, certain of our employees OP Unitholders have been issued noncontrolling, non-managing member units in Healthpeak OP OP Units ). During the three months ended March 31, 2024, OP Unitholders were issued approximately 2 million OP Units. When certain conditions are met, the OP Unitholders have the right to require redemption of part or all of their OP Units for cash or shares of our common stock, at our option as managing member of Healthpeak OP. The per unit redemption amount is equal to either one share of our common stock or cash equal to the fair value of a share of common stock at the time of redemption. We classify the OP Units in permanent equity because we may elect, in our sole discretion, to issue shares of our common stock to OP Unitholders who choose to redeem their OP Units rather than using cash. As of September 30, 2024, there were approximately 3 million OP Units outstanding and 65 thousand had met the criteria for redemption. 
 DownREITs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, in connection with the Merger, Physicians Partnership merged with and into DOC DR OP Sub with DOC DR OP Sub surviving as the Partnership Surviving Entity. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 6 million DownREIT units in the Partnership Surviving Entity were outstanding (6 million shares of Healthpeak common stock are issuable upon conversion). Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Merger. 
 At September 30, 2024, non-managing members held an aggregate of approximately 11 million units in eight limited liability companies for which we hold controlling interests and/or are the managing member. The DownREIT units are exchangeable for an amount of cash approximating the then-current market value of shares of our common stock or, at our option, shares of our common stock (subject to certain adjustments, such as stock splits and reclassifications). At September 30, 2024, the outstanding DownREIT units were convertible into approximately 14 million shares of our common stock. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Share Repurchase Programs 
 On August 1, 2022, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, under which we could acquire shares of our common stock in the open market up to an aggregate purchase price of 500 million (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program ). Purchases of common stock under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program could be exercised at our discretion with the timing and number of shares repurchased depending on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 1.0 million shares of our common stock under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program at a weighted average price of 19.42 per share for a total of 20 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 10.5 million shares of our common stock under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program at a weighted average price of 17.98 per share for a total of 188 million. 
 On July 24, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program (the 2024 Share Repurchase Program to supersede and replace the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. Upon adoption of the 2024 Share Repurchase Program, no further share repurchases may be made pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. Under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program, we may acquire shares of our common stock in the open market or other similar purchase techniques (including in compliance with the safe harbor provisions of Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act or pursuant to one or more plans adopted under Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act), up to an aggregate purchase price of 500 million. Purchases of common stock under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program may be exercised at our discretion with the timing and number of shares repurchased depending on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. The 2024 Share Repurchase Program expires in July 2026 and may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. As of September 30, 2024, no shares have been repurchased under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program. Therefore, at September 30, 2024, 500 million of the Company s common stock remained available for repurchase under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program. 
 Shelf Registration 
 On February 8, 2024, the Company and Healthpeak OP jointly filed a prospectus with the SEC as part of a registration statement on Form S-3, using an automatic shelf registration process. This shelf registration statement expires on February 8, 2027 and at or prior to such time, we expect to file a new shelf registration statement. Under the shelf process, we may sell any combination of the securities described in the prospectus through one or more offerings. The securities described in the prospectus include future offerings of: (i) the Company s common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, debt securities, and guarantees by the Company of debt securities issued by Healthpeak OP and/or by the Company s existing and future subsidiaries, and (ii) Healthpeak OP s debt securities and guarantees by Healthpeak OP of debt securities issued by the Company and/or by Healthpeak OP s existing and future subsidiaries. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliations 
 The following is a reconciliation from net income (loss) applicable to common shares, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to Nareit FFO, FFO as Adjusted, and AFFO (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) applicable to common shares 85,675 64,048 237,985 233,497 Real estate related depreciation and amortization 280,019 184,559 782,736 561,357 Healthpeak s share of real estate related depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated joint ventures 12,127 6,190 32,520 18,076 Noncontrolling interests share of real estate related depreciation and amortization (4,534) (4,571) (13,705) (14,042) Loss (gain) on sales of depreciable real estate, net (62,325) (187,624) (86,463) Noncontrolling interests share of gain (loss) on sales of depreciable real estate, net 11,546 Loss (gain) upon change of control, net (1) 
 430 (77,548) (234) Taxes associated with real estate dispositions (2) 
 (145) 11,512 Nareit FFO applicable to common shares 311,247 250,226 785,876 723,737 Distributions on dilutive convertible units and other 4,577 2,340 11,670 7,027 Diluted Nareit FFO applicable to common shares 315,824 252,566 797,546 730,764 Impact of adjustments to Nareit FFO: Transaction and merger-related items (3) 
 2,725 49 108,923 2,993 Other impairments (recoveries) and other losses (gains), net (4) 
 441 (602) 11,741 557 Restructuring and severance-related charges 1,368 Casualty-related charges (recoveries), net (5) 
 1,792 (367) 588 (610) Total adjustments 4,958 (920) 121,252 4,308 FFO as Adjusted applicable to common shares 316,205 249,306 907,128 728,045 Distributions on dilutive convertible units and other 4,571 2,341 11,537 7,022 Diluted FFO as Adjusted applicable to common shares 320,776 251,647 918,665 735,067 FFO as Adjusted applicable to common shares 316,205 249,306 907,128 728,045 Stock-based compensation amortization expense 3,755 3,434 11,935 10,966 Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts (premiums) 7,408 3,054 19,247 8,828 Straight-line rents (6) 
 (10,346) (7,279) (32,891) (12,710) AFFO capital expenditures (23,510) (24,031) (76,744) (66,264) Deferred income taxes 585 (430) 2,330 (933) Amortization of above (below) market lease intangibles, net (7,887) (5,626) (23,325) (20,267) Other AFFO adjustments (1,277) (1,123) (4,947) (1,852) AFFO applicable to common shares 284,933 217,305 802,733 645,813 Distributions on dilutive convertible units and other 4,576 2,340 11,671 7,026 Diluted AFFO applicable to common shares 289,509 219,645 814,404 652,839 
 Refer to footnotes on the next page. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 _______________________________________ 
 (1) The nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes a gain upon change of control related to the sale of a 65 interest in two lab buildings in San Diego, California. The gain upon change of control is included in other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) The nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes non-cash income tax expense related to the sale of a 65 interest in two lab buildings in San Diego, California. 
 (3) The three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes costs related to the Merger, which are primarily comprised of advisory, legal, accounting, tax, post-combination severance and stock compensation expense, and other costs of combining operations with Physicians Realty Trust that were incurred during the period. These costs were partially offset by termination fee income of 4 million and 13 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, associated with Graphite Bio, Inc., which later merged with LENZ Therapeutics, Inc. in March 2024, for which the lease terms were modified to accelerate expiration of the lease to December 2024. The remaining 4 million of termination fee income will be recognized during the fourth quarter of 2024. Termination fee income is included in rental and related revenues on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, but is excluded from FFO as Adjusted. 
 (4) The three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 includes reserves and (recoveries) for expected loan losses recognized in impairments and loan loss reserves (recoveries), net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (5) Casualty-related charges (recoveries), net are recognized in other income (expense), net and equity income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (6) The nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes a 9 million write-off of straight-line rent receivable associated with Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc., which commenced voluntary reorganization proceedings under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. This activity is reflected as a reduction of rental and related revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires our management to use judgment in the application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions. We base estimates on the best information available to us at the time, our experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates could affect our financial position or results of operations. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, it is possible that different accounting would have been applied, resulting in a different presentation of our consolidated financial statements. From time to time, we re-evaluate our estimates and assumptions. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. A discussion of accounting estimates that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we included a new critical accounting estimate as described below: 
 Valuation of Real Estate Business Combinations 
 For a real estate acquisition accounted for as business combinations, we allocate the acquisition consideration (excluding acquisition costs) to the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interests at fair value as of the acquisition date. Any excess of the consideration transferred relative to the fair value of the net assets acquired is accounted for as goodwill. Acquisition costs related to business combinations are expensed as incurred. 
 We make estimates as part of our process for allocating acquisition consideration to the various identifiable assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interests based upon the relative fair value of each asset, liability, or noncontrolling interest. The most significant components of our allocations are typically buildings as-if-vacant, land, and lease intangibles. In the case of allocating fair value to buildings and intangibles, our fair value estimates will affect the amount of depreciation and amortization we record over the estimated useful life of each asset acquired. In the case of allocating fair value to in-place leases, we make our best estimates based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant s lease. Factors considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods, market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. Our assumptions affect the amount of future revenue and/or depreciation and amortization expense that we will recognize over the remaining useful life for the acquired in-place leases. 
 Our fair value estimates for loans receivable and debt consider market-based information, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active (markets with few transactions), inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (i.e., interest rates, yield curves, etc.) and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs). Our fair value estimates for joint ventures consider ownership interests, subordination characteristics, redemption values, discounts for lack of control (as applicable), and hypothetical liquidation waterfalls. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to various market risks, primarily from the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. We use derivative and other financial instruments in the normal course of business to mitigate interest rate risk. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. Derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value (see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 To illustrate the effect of movements in the interest rate markets, we performed a market sensitivity analysis on our hedging instruments. We applied various basis point spreads to the underlying interest rate curves of our derivative portfolio in order to determine the change in fair value. At September 30, 2024, a one percentage point increase or decrease in the underlying interest rate curve would result in a corresponding increase or decrease in the fair value of the derivative instruments by up to 59 million. 
 Interest Rate Risk. At September 30, 2024, our exposure to interest rate risk was primarily on our variable rate debt. At September 30, 2024, we had the following sw apped to fixed rates through interest rate swap instruments: (i) the 750 million 2029 Term Loan, (ii) the 500 million 2027 Term Loans, (iii) the 400 million 2028 Term Loan, and (iv) 178 million of variable rate mortgage debt. The interest rate swap instruments are designated as cash flow hedges, with the objective of managing the exposure to interest rate risk by converting the interest rates on our variable rate debt to fixed interest rates. At September 30, 2024, both the fair value and carrying value of the interest rate swap assets and liabilities were 12 million and 16 million, respectively. 
 Our remaining variable rate debt at September 30, 2024 was comprised of certain of our mortgage debt. Interest rate fluctuations will generally not affect our future earnings or cash flows on our fixed rate debt and assets until their maturity or earlier prepayment and refinancing. If interest rates have risen at the time we seek to refinance our fixed rate debt, whether at maturity or otherwise, our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional borrowing costs. Conversely, lower interest rates at the time of refinancing may reduce our overall borrowing costs. Interest rate changes will affect the fair value of our fixed rate instruments. At September 30, 2024, a one percentage point increase in interest rates would decrease the fair value of our fixed rate debt by approximately 260 million and a one percentage point decrease in interest rates would increase the fair value of our fixed rate debt by approximately 278 million. Additionally, at September 30, 2024, a one percentage point increase or decrease in interest rates would change the fair value of our fixed rate loans receivable by approximately 15 million. These changes would not materially impact earnings or cash flows. Conversely, changes in interest rates on variable rate debt would change our future earnings and cash flows, but not materially impact the fair value of those instruments. Assuming a one percentage point increase in the interest rates related to our variable rate debt, and assuming no other changes in the outstanding balance at September 30, 2024, our annual interest expense would increase by approximately 1 million. Lastly, assuming a one percentage point decrease in the interest rates related to our variable rate loans receivable, and assuming no other changes in the outstanding balance at September 30, 2024, our annual interest income would decrease by approximately 1 million. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 We have described in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, the primary risk factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. There have been no material changes to those risk factors. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 (a) 
 None. 
 (b) 
 None. 
 (c) 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to purchases of our common stock made by us or on our behalf during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Period Covered Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans or 
 Programs (1) 
 Maximum Number (or 
 Approximate Dollar Value) 
 of Shares that May Yet be Purchased 
 Under the Plans or 
 Programs (1) 
 July 1-31, 2024 1,035,443 19.42 1,035,443 500,000,000 August 1-31, 2024 500,000,000 September 1-30, 2024 500,000,000 1,035,443 19.42 1,035,443 500,000,000 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) In July 2024, we repurchased 1.0 million shares of our common stock under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program at a weighted average price of 19.42 per share for a total of 20 million, leaving 256 million remaining under the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. Refer to Part I, Item 2, Liquidity and Capital Resources Equity for additional information on the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. On July 24, 2024, our Board of Directors approved the 2024 Share Repurchase Program to supersede and replace the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. Upon adoption of the 2024 Share Repurchase Program, no further share repurchases may be made pursuant to the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. Under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program, we may acquire shares of our common stock in the open market or other similar purchase techniques (including in compliance with the safe harbor provisions of Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act or pursuant to one or more plans adopted under Rule 10b5-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act), up to an aggregate purchase price of 500 million. Purchases of common stock under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program may be exercised at our discretion with the timing and number of shares repurchased depending on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. The 2024 Share Repurchase Program expires in July 2026 and may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. As of September 30, 2024, no shares have been repurchased under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program. Therefore, at September 30, 2024, 500 million of the Company s common stock remained available for repurchase under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Insider Trading Arrangements 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, . 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 2.1+ Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 7, 2023, by and among Healthpeak Properties, Inc., New Healthpeak, Inc. and Healthpeak Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Healthpeak s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed February 10, 2023). 
 2.2+ 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 29, 2023, by and among Healthpeak Properties, Inc., DOC DR Holdco, LLC (formerly Alpine Sub, LLC), DOC DR, LLC (formerly Alpine OP Sub, LLC), Physicians Realty Trust and Physicians Realty L.P. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Healthpeak s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 30, 2023). 
 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Healthpeak Properties, Inc. (formerly New Healthpeak, Inc.) effective February 10, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Healthpeak s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed February 10, 2023). 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment of Healthpeak Properties, Inc. (formerly New Healthpeak, Inc.) effective February 10, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Healthpeak s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed February 10, 2023). 
 3.3 Articles of Amendment of Healthpeak Properties, Inc., effective February 29, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Healthpeak s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2024). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Healthpeak Properties, Inc. (formerly New Healthpeak, Inc.), dated February 10, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Healthpeak s Current Report on Form 8-K12B filed February 10, 2023). 
 3.5 Amendment to the Bylaws of Healthpeak Properties, Inc., effective March 1, 2024 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Healthpeak s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2024). 
 22.1 List of Issuers of Guaranteed Securities (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 22.1 to Healthpeak s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed April 26, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification by Scott M. Brinker, Healthpeak s Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification by Peter A. Scott, Healthpeak s Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification by Scott M. Brinker, Healthpeak s Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 32.2 Certification by Peter A. Scott, Healthpeak s Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 _______________________________________ 
 + Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5) and Item 601(b)(2), as applicable. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: October 25, 2024 Healthpeak Properties, Inc. /s/ SCOTT M. BRINKER Scott M. Brinker President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ PETER A. SCOTT Peter A. Scott Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ SHAWN G. JOHNSTON Shawn G. Johnston Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 72 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31109302024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Scott M. Brinker, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Healthpeak Properties, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 4 Date October 25, 2024 s SCOTT M. BRINKER Scott M. Brinker President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31209302024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Peter A. Scott, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Healthpeak Properties, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 4 Date October 25, 2024 s PETER A. SCOTT Peter A. Scott Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32109302024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Healthpeak Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that 
 
 (i) the accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 25, 2024 s SCOTT M. BRINKER Scott M. Brinker President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32209302024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Healthpeak Properties, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company ), hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that 
 
 (i) the accompanying quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 25, 2024 s PETER A. SCOTT Peter A. Scott Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 peak-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 peak-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 peak-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 peak-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 peak-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

