<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1934850_0001934850-24-000055.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29699470</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>236705</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3091611</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15290123</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5038462</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5119384</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001934850-24-000055.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161323
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001934850-24-000055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		140
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			F&G Annuities & Life, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001934850
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				852487422
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41490
		FILM NUMBER:		241435860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 GRAND AVE, SUITE 2600
		CITY:			DES MOINES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50309
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-846-4660

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 GRAND AVE, SUITE 2600
		CITY:			DES MOINES
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			50309

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001934850-24-000055.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 fg-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fg-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of October 31, 2024. 

FORM 10-Q 
 QUARTERLY REPORT 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 4 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements: 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 71 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 100 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 102 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 103 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 103 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 104 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 104 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 105 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 105 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 106 
 Signatures 
 107 

3 

F G ANNUITIES LIFE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in millions, except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Investments: Fixed maturity securities available for sale, at fair value, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, at an amortized cost of and , respectively, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 
 Preferred securities, at fair value Equity securities, at fair value Derivative investments Mortgage loans, net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Investments in unconsolidated affiliates (certain investments at fair value of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Other long-term investments Short-term investments Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Reinsurance recoverable, net of allowance for credit losses of at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Goodwill Prepaid expenses and other assets Other intangible assets, net Market risk benefits asset Income taxes receivable Deferred tax asset, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Contractholder funds Future policy benefits Market risk benefits liability Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Notes payable Funds withheld for reinsurance liabilities Total liabilities Equity: Preferred stock par value; authorized shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; outstanding and issued and shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Common stock, par value; authorized shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; outstanding and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and issued and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Treasury stock, at cost shares and shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 ) ) Total F G Annuities Life, Inc. shareholders' equity Non-controlling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

F G ANNUITIES LIFE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share data) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Revenues: Life insurance premiums and other fees Interest and investment income Owned distribution revenues Recognized gains and (losses), net ) ) Total revenues Benefits and expenses: Benefits and other changes in policy reserves (remeasurement gains (losses) (a)) Market risk benefit (gains) losses ) ) Depreciation and amortization Personnel costs Other operating expenses Interest expense Total benefits and expenses Earnings (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net earnings (loss) ) Less: Non-controlling interests Net earnings (loss) attributable to F G ) Less: Preferred stock dividend Net earnings (loss) attributable to F G common shareholders ) Earnings per share Basic Net earnings (loss) per share attributable to F G common shareholders, basic ) Diluted Net earnings (loss) per share attributable to F G common shareholders, diluted ) Weighted average shares outstanding F G common stock, basic basis Weighted average shares outstanding F G common stock, diluted basis 
 
 (a) million and million, respectively. The remeasurement gains (losses) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were million and ) million, respectively. 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

F G ANNUITIES LIFE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In millions) 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Net earnings (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Changes in current discount rate - future policy benefits ) ) Changes in instrument-specific credit risk - market risk benefits ) ) ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on investments and other financial instruments, net of deferred income taxes ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on foreign currency translation ) ) Reclassification adjustments for change in unrealized gains and losses included in net earnings ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to F G common shareholders ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

F G ANNUITIES LIFE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 F G Annuities Life, Inc. shareholders' equity Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Treasury stock purchased ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock dividends declared ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net earnings (loss) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 F G Annuities Life, Inc. shareholders' equity Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Preferred stock dividends declared ) ) Common stock dividends declared ) ) Dividends declared and distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net earnings (loss) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

F G ANNUITIES LIFE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (Continued) 
 (Dollars in millions, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) F G Annuities Life, Inc. shareholders' equity Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Balance, January 1, 2023 ) Treasury stock purchased ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock dividends declared ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net earnings (loss) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 F G Annuities Life, Inc. shareholders' equity Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Balance, January 1, 2024 ) ) Acquisition of non-controlling interest Issuance of Preferred Stock Treasury stock purchased ) ) Stock-based compensation Preferred stock dividends declared ) ) Common stock dividends declared ) ) Dividends declared and distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Net earnings (loss) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

F G ANNUITIES LIFE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Unaudited) Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization (Gain) loss on sales of investments and other assets and asset impairments, net ) Interest credited/index credits to contractholder account balances Change in market risk benefits, net ) Deferred policy acquisition costs and deferred sales inducements ) ) Charges assessed to contractholders for mortality and administration ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates, return on investment Stock-based compensation cost Change in NAV of limited partnerships, net ) ) Change in valuation of derivatives, equity and preferred securities and other assets, net ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions: Change in reinsurance recoverable ) Change in future policy benefits Change in funds withheld from reinsurers Net change in income taxes Net change in other assets and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Proceeds from sales, calls and maturities of investments Additions to property and equipment and capitalized software ) ) Purchases of investment securities ) ) Net proceeds from sales, maturities and purchases of short-term investment securities Other acquisitions/disposals, net of cash acquired ) Additional investments in unconsolidated affiliates ) ) Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates, return of investment Addition to notes receivable ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Borrowings Debt issuance costs ) ) Net revolving credit facility (repayments) borrowings ) Repayments of outstanding debt ) Dividends paid ) ) Dividends and distributions paid to non-controlling interest shareholders ) Purchases of treasury stock ) ) Issuance of preferred stock Contractholder account deposits Contractholder account withdrawals ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 

F G ANNUITIES LIFE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

Note A 

Description of the Business 
 
 F G is a majority-owned subsidiary of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (NYSE: FNF) FNF ). We provide insurance solutions and market a broad portfolio of annuity and life insurance products through retail channels and institutional markets. F G has reporting segment, which is consistent with and reflects the manner by which our chief operating decision maker CODM views and manages the business. For certain disclosures within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we have elected to aggregate business based on the applicable product type, the manner in which information is regularly reviewed by management and the nature of disclosures that exist outside the Company s GAAP financial statements. 
 
 Retail distribution channels products include: 
 Deferred annuities including fixed indexed annuities FIA ), registered index-linked annuities RILA ), (together referred to as indexed annuities and fixed rate annuities including multi-year guarantee annuities MYGA ), 
 Immediate annuities, and 
 Indexed universal life IUL insurance. 
 
 Institutional markets products include: 
 Pension risk transfer PRT solutions, and 
 Funding agreements, including funding agreement backed notes FABN and Federal Home Loan Bank funding agreements FHLB ). 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Owned Distribution Investments 
 On January 2, 2024, F G acquired a majority ownership stake in the equity of Roar Joint Venture, LLC Roar resulting in the consolidation of Roar in F G s financial statements. Roar wholesales life insurance and annuity products to banks and broker dealers through a network of agents. Total initial consideration is comprised of cash of approximately million and million of contingent consideration. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company has agreed to make cash payments of up to approximately million over a period upon the achievement by Roar of certain earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA milestones. 
 
 The contingent consideration is recorded at fair value in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recorded in Other operating expenses in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 10 

ownership stake in the equity of PALH, LLC PALH ). PALH markets and sells life insurance and annuity products of various insurance carriers to individuals through a network of agents. Prior to the acquisition date, PALH owned a ownership stake in an operating company of which F G owned equity. Total consideration of approximately million is comprised of cash of million, settlement of a prepaid asset of million, acquisition date fair value of the previously held interests of million, net of million cash acquired. 
 
 Owned distribution revenues generated from commissions earned on contracts with insurance carriers are considered variable consideration. Revenue is recognized at the effective date of each policy sold under a contract and reported net of related expenses within Owned Distribution Revenues on the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and consists of revenue primarily from annuity products. Intercompany transactions are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 For more information regarding the Roar and PALH acquisitions, refer to Note P - Acquisitions. 
 
 FNF million Preferred Stock Investment 
 
 On January 12, 2024, we completed a million preferred stock investment from FNF. Net proceeds from the investment have been used to support the growth of F G s assets under management. Under the terms of the agreement, FNF agreed to invest million in exchange for shares of F G s Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, par value . per share, liquidation preference of per share (the FNF Preferred Stock ). Each outstanding share of the FNF Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of F G common stock on or before January 15, 2027. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On February 16, 2024, F G entered into an amendment and extension of its existing senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The maturity date of the Credit Agreement was extended by approximately from November 22, 2025 to November 22, 2027. Total borrowing availability increased from million to million. Pricing and advance rates remain unchanged. Financial covenants also remain essentially the same. 
 
 F G Senior Notes 
 
 On June 4, 2024, F G completed its public offering of million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2029 (the F G Notes ). The F G Notes are guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by each of F G s subsidiaries that are guarantors of F G s obligations under its existing credit agreement. A portion of the net proceeds were used to finance a cash tender offer by its wholly owned subsidiary Fidelity Guaranty Life Holdings, Inc. FGLH for an aggregate principal amount of million of FGLH s Senior Notes due 2025 (the F G Notes ). F G intends to use the remaining net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes, which may include the repurchase, redemption or repayment at maturity of outstanding indebtedness. The F G Notes were registered under the Securities Act of 1934 (as amended) (the Securities Act ). 
 
 F G Senior Notes 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 4, 2024, F G completed its public offering of its Senior Notes due 2034 with the aggregate principal amount of million (the F G Notes ). The F G Notes are guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by each of F G s subsidiaries that are guarantors of F G s obligations under its existing credit agreements. A portion of the net proceeds were used to pay off the outstanding balance of million on the Company s revolving credit facility. F G intends to use the remaining net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes, including the support of organic growth opportunities. The F G Notes were registered under the Securities Act. 
 
 11 

per share on the FNF Preferred Stock for the period from October 15, 2024 to and excluding January 15, 2025, to be payable on January 15, 2025, to FNF Preferred Stock record holders on January 1, 2025. On November 6, 2024, our Board of Directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend of per common share, payable on December 31, 2024, to F G common shareholders of record as of December 17, 2024. Generally, no dividends will be declared or paid on F G common stock and no common stock can be acquired by F G unless all preferred dividends are declared and paid on the FNF Preferred Stock. 
 
 Unconsolidated Owned Distribution Investments 
 
 We paid commissions on sales through our unconsolidated owned distribution investments and their affiliates of approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The acquisition expense is deferred and amortized in Depreciation and amortization on the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

12 

) ) ) Reclassification adjustments included in net earnings (a) Other comprehensive income (loss) before tax, net of reclassifications ) ) Deferred income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Three months ended September 30, 2023 Unrealized gain (loss) on investments and other financial instruments, net (excluding investments in unconsolidated affiliates) Change in current discount rate - future policy benefits Change in instrument- specific credit risk - market risk benefits Foreign Currency Translation Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Balance at June 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments included in net earnings (a) Other comprehensive income (loss) before tax, net of reclassifications ) ) ) ) Deferred income tax (expense) benefit ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (a) Net of income tax expense (benefit) of and ) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 13 

) ) ) Reclassification adjustments included in net earnings (a) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before tax, net of reclassifications ) ) Deferred income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Unrealized gain (loss) on investments and other financial instruments, net (excluding investments in unconsolidated affiliates) Change in current discount rate - future policy benefits Change in instrument- specific credit risk - market risk benefits Foreign Currency Translation Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments included in net earnings (a) Other comprehensive income (loss) before tax, net of reclassifications ) ) ) ) Deferred income tax (expense) benefit ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (a) Net of income tax expense (benefit) of and ) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 14 

Updates to Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 Since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, we have updated certain of the following significant accounting policies, which have been followed in preparing the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, as a result of amending certain reinsurance agreements. See Note E - Reinsurance for additional information.: 
 
 15 

. Each period subsequent to contract inception, the attributed fee ratio is used to calculate the fair value of the MRBs using a risk neutral valuation method and is based on current net amounts at risk, market data, internal and industry experience, and other factors. The balances are computed using assumptions including mortality, full and partial surrender, rider benefit utilization, risk-free rates including non-performance spread and risk margin, market value of options and economic scenarios. Policyholder behavior assumptions are reviewed at least annually, typically in the third quarter, for any revisions. Reinsured MRBs are valued using a methodology consistent with direct MRBs, with the exception of the non-performance spread which reflects the credit of the reinsurer. MRBs can either be in an asset or liability position and are presented separately on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as the right of setoff criteria are not met. Changes in fair value, net, are recognized in Market risk benefits (gains) losses in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, except for the change in fair value due to a change in our instrument-specific credit risk, which is recognized in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings. See a description of the fair value methodology used in Note B - Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Note G - Market Risk Benefits . 

Note B 
 
 16 

Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale: Asset-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporates Hybrids Municipals Residential mortgage-backed securities U.S. Government Foreign Governments Preferred securities Equity securities Derivative investments Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Short term investments Other long-term investments Market risk benefits asset Total financial assets at fair value Liabilities Derivatives: Indexed annuities/IUL embedded derivatives, included in contractholder funds Reinsurance related embedded derivative Contingent consideration obligation Market risk benefits liability Total financial liabilities at fair value 
 
 17 

Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale: Asset-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporates Hybrids Municipals Residential mortgage-backed securities U.S. Government Foreign Governments Preferred securities Equity securities Derivative investments Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Short term investments Reinsurance related embedded derivative, included in other assets Other long-term investments Market risk benefits asset Total financial assets at fair value Liabilities Derivatives: Indexed annuities/IUL embedded derivatives, included in contractholder funds Market risk benefits liability Total financial liabilities at fair value 
 
 Valuation Methodologies 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 The carrying amounts reported in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for these instruments approximate fair value. 
 
 Fixed Maturity, Preferred and Equity Securities 
 
 We measure the fair value of our securities based on assumptions used by market participants in pricing the security. The most appropriate valuation methodology is selected based on the specific characteristics of the fixed maturity, preferred or equity security, and we will then consistently apply the valuation methodology to measure the security s fair value. Our fair value measurement is based on a market approach, which utilizes prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable securities. Sources of inputs to the market approach include third-party pricing services, independent broker quotations, or pricing matrices. We use observable and unobservable inputs in our valuation methodologies. Observable inputs include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker-dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, and reference data including market research publications. In addition, market indicators and industry and economic events are monitored and further market data will be acquired when certain thresholds are met. 
 
 For certain security types, additional inputs may be used, or some of the inputs described above may not be applicable. The significant input used in the fair value measurement of equity securities for which the market approach valuation technique is employed is yield for comparable securities. Increases or decreases in the yields would result in lower or higher, respectively, fair value measurements. For broker-quoted only securities, quotes from market makers or broker-dealers are obtained from sources recognized to be market participants. We believe 
 18 

19 

since we will not be required to make any additional payments at maturity of the fund-linked note in order to receive the NAV of the fund on the maturity date. A Black-Scholes model determines the NAV of the fund as the fair value of the equity option regardless of the values used for the other inputs to the option pricing model. The NAV of the fund is provided by the fund manager at the end of each calendar month and represents the value an investor would receive if it withdrew its investment on the balance sheet date. Therefore, the key unobservable input used in the Black-Scholes model is the value of the fund. As the value of the fund increases or decreases, the fair value of the embedded derivative will increase or decrease. See further discussion on the available-for-sale embedded derivative in Note D - Derivative Financial Instruments . 
 
 The fair value of the credit-linked note is based on a weighted average of a broker quote and a discounted cash flow analysis. The discounted cash flow approach is based on the expected portfolio cash flows and amortization schedule reflecting investment expectations, adjusted for assumptions on the portfolio's default and recovery rates, and the note's discount rate. The fair value of the note is provided by the fund manager at the end of each quarter. 
 
 Contingent Consideration 
 
 The contingent consideration liability is measured at fair value using a discounted cash flow model applied using a Monte Carlo simulation of estimated EBITDA at each measurement period and for each simulated path relative to contractual EBITDA milestones. The Monte Carlo simulation utilizes a risk-adjusted discount rate, volatility assumption, and risk-free rates to assess the probability Roar's EBITDA trajectory reaches required milestones for the earn out payments to be made. The discounted cash flow approach applies a company-specific discount rate based on F G credit profile to future expected earn out payments to calculate the estimated fair value based on the average outcome from the simulation. See further discussion on the contingent consideration in Note N - Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Market Risk Benefits 
 
 MRBs (inclusive of reinsured MRBs) are measured at fair value using an attributed fee measurement approach where attributed fees are explicit rider charges collectible from the policyholder (or paid to the reinsurer) used to cover the excess benefits. The fair value is calculated using a risk neutral valuation method and is based on current net amounts at risk, market data, internal and industry experience, and other factors. The balances are computed using assumptions including mortality, full and partial surrender, rider benefit utilization, risk-free rates including non-performance spread and risk margin, market value of options and economic scenarios. Policyholder behavior assumptions are reviewed at least annually, typically in the third quarter, for any revisions. Reinsured MRBs are valued using a methodology consistent with direct MRBs, with the exception of the non-performance spread which reflects the credit of the reinsurer. See further discussion on MRBs in Note G - Market Risk Benefits . 
 
 20 

Third-Party Valuation Discount Rate - 
 
 Corporates Third-Party Valuation Discount Rate - 
 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities Third-Party Valuation Discount Rate - 
 
 Foreign Governments Third-Party Valuation Discount Rate - 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Market Comparable Company Analysis EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x) 
 Other long-term investments: Available-for-sale embedded derivative Black Scholes Model Market Value of AnchorPath Fund 
 Market risk benefits asset Discounted Cash Flow Mortality - 
 
 Surrender Rates - 
 
 Partial Withdrawal Rates - 
 
 Non-Performance Spread - 
 
 GMWB Utilization - 
 
 Total financial assets at fair value (a) 
 21 

Discounted Cash Flow Market Value of Option - 
 
 Mortality Multiplier - 
 
 Surrender Rates - 
 
 Partial Withdrawals - 
 
 Non-Performance Spread - 
 
 Option Cost - 
 
 Contingent consideration Discounted Cash Flow Risk-Adjusted Discount Rate - 
 
 EBITDA Volatility - 
 
 Counterparty Discount Rate - 
 
 Market risk benefits liability Discounted Cash Flow Mortality - 
 
 Surrender Rates - 
 
 Partial Withdrawal Rates - 
 
 Non-Performance Spread - 
 
 GMWB Utilization - 
 
 Total financial liabilities at fair value 
 (a) Assets of million for which significant quantitative unobservable inputs are not developed internally and not readily available to the Company (primarily those valued using broker quotes and certain third-party pricing services) are excluded from the respective totals in the table above. 
 
 22 

Third-Party Valuation Discount Rate - 
 
 Corporates Third-Party Valuation Discount Rate - 
 
 Municipals Third-Party Valuation Discount Rate - 
 
 Residential mortgage-backed securities Third-Party Valuation Discount Rate - 
 
 Foreign Governments Third-Party Valuation Discount Rate - 
 
 Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Market Comparable Company Analysis EBITDA Multiple x - x 
 x) 
 Other long-term investments: Available-for-sale embedded derivative Black Scholes Model Market Value of Fund 
 Market risk benefits asset Discounted Cash Flow Mortality - 
 
 Surrender Rates - 
 
 Partial Withdrawal Rates - 
 
 Non-Performance Spread - 
 
 GMWB Utilization - 
 
 Total financial assets at fair value (a) Liabilities Derivatives: Indexed annuity/ IUL embedded derivatives, included in contractholder funds Discounted Cash Flow Market Value of Option - 
 
 Mortality Multiplier - 
 
 Surrender Rates - 
 
 Partial Withdrawals - 
 
 Non-Performance Spread - 
 
 Option Cost - 
 
 Market risk benefits liability Discounted Cash Flow Mortality - 
 
 Surrender Rates - 
 
 Partial Withdrawal Rates - 
 
 Non-Performance Spread - 
 
 GMWB Utilization - 
 
 Total financial liabilities at fair value 
 (a) Assets of million for which significant quantitative unobservable inputs are not developed internally and not readily available to the Company (primarily those valued using broker quotes and certain third-party pricing services) are excluded from the table above. 
 23 

) ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Corporates ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities Foreign Governments Preferred securities Derivative investments ) ) Investment in unconsolidated affiliates (b) ) Short term investments Other long-term investments: Available-for-sale embedded derivative Credit linked note ) Subtotal assets at Level 3 fair value ) ) ) Market risk benefits asset (c) Total assets at Level 3 fair value Liabilities Indexed annuity/ IUL embedded derivatives, included in contractholder funds ) Interest rate swaps ) Subtotal liabilities at Level 3 fair value ) ) Market risk benefits liability (c) Total liabilities at Level 3 fair value 
 
 (a) The net transfers out of Level 3 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 were exclusively to Level 2. 
 (b) The transfer out of investments in unconsolidated affiliates represents F G s ownership of PALH prior to the majority acquisition on July 18, 2024. Refer to Note P - Acquisitions for details of the PALH majority acquisition. 
 (c) Refer to Note G - Market Risk Benefits for roll forward activity of the net Market Risk Benefits Asset and Liability. 

24 

) ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporates ) ) ) Municipals ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) ) Foreign Governments Preferred securities Investment in unconsolidated affiliates Short-term investments ) ) Other long-term investments: Available-for-sale embedded derivative ) ) Credit linked note ) Secured borrowing receivable Subtotal assets at Level 3 fair value ) ) ) ) Market risk benefits asset (b) Total assets at Level 3 fair value Liabilities Indexed annuity/IUL embedded derivatives, included in contractholder funds ) ) Interest rate swaps Subtotal liabilities at Level 3 fair value ) ) Market risk benefits liability (b) Total liabilities at Level 3 fair value 
 
 (a) The net transfers out of Level 3 during the three months ended September 30, 2023 were exclusively to Level 2. 
 (b) Refer to Note G - Market Risk Benefits for roll forward activity of the net Market Risk Benefits Asset and Liability. 
 
 25 

) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Corporates ) ) ) ) Municipals ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Foreign Governments ) Derivative investments ) ) Investment in unconsolidated affiliates (b) ) Short term investments Other long-term investments: Available-for-sale embedded derivative Credit linked note ) Subtotal assets at Level 3 fair value ) ) ) Market risk benefits asset (c) Total assets at Level 3 fair value Liabilities Indexed annuity/ IUL embedded derivatives, included in contractholder funds ) Interest rate swaps ) Contingent consideration (d) Subtotal liabilities at Level 3 fair value ) ) Market risk benefits liability (c) Total liabilities at Level 3 fair value 
 
 (a) The net transfers out of Level 3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were exclusively to Level 2. 
 (b) The transfer out of investments in unconsolidated affiliates represents F G s ownership of PALH prior to the majority acquisition on July 18, 2024. Refer to Note P - Acquisitions for details of the PALH majority acquisition. 
 (c) Refer to Note G - Market Risk Benefits for roll forward activity of the net Market Risk Benefits Asset and Liability. 
 (d) The initial contingent consideration recorded in the Roar transaction is included in purchases in the table above. Refer to Note P - Acquisitions for more information. 

26 

) ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Corporates ) ) ) ) Municipals Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Foreign Governments Preferred securities Investment in unconsolidated affiliates (b) Short term investments ) ) Other long-term investments: Available-for-sale embedded derivative Credit linked note 0 ) Secured borrowing receivable Subtotal assets at Level 3 fair value ) ) ) ) Market risk benefits asset (b) Total assets at Level 3 fair value Liabilities Indexed annuity/ IUL embedded derivatives, included in contractholder funds ) ) Interest rate swaps Subtotal liabilities at Level 3 fair value ) ) Market risk benefits liability (b) Total liabilities at Level 3 fair value 
 (a) The net transfers out of Level 3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were exclusively to Level 2. 
 (b) Refer to Note G - Market Risk Benefits for roll forward activity of the net Market Risk Benefits Asset and Liability. 
 
 Valuation Methodologies and Associated Inputs for Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value 
 
 The following discussion outlines the methodologies and assumptions used to determine the fair value of our financial instruments not carried at fair value. Considerable judgment is required to develop these assumptions used to measure fair value. Accordingly, the estimates shown are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that would be realized in a one-time, current market exchange of all of our financial instruments. 
 
 27 

28 

Commercial mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Policy loans Company-owned life insurance Total 
 Liabilities Investment contracts, included in contractholder funds Debt Total 

December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 NAV Total Estimated Fair Value Carrying Amount Assets FHLB common stock Commercial mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Investments in unconsolidated affiliates Policy loans Company-owned life insurance Total 
 Liabilities Investment contracts, included in contractholder funds Debt Total 

For investments for which NAV is used, we do not have any significant restrictions in our ability to liquidate our positions in these investments, other than obtaining general partner approval, nor do we believe it is probable a price less than NAV would be received in the event of a liquidation. 
 
 We review the fair value hierarchy classifications each reporting period. Changes in the observability of the valuation attributes may result in a reclassification of certain financial assets or liabilities. Such reclassifications are reported as transfers in and out of Level 3, or between other levels, at the beginning fair value for the reporting period in which the changes occur. The transfers into and out of Level 3 were related to changes in the primary pricing source and changes in the observability of external information used in determining the fair value. 
 
 29 

Note C 
 
 ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) Corporates ) Hybrids ) Municipals ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) U.S. Government ) Foreign Governments ) Total AFS securities ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Allowance for Expected Credit Losses Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value AFS securities Asset-backed securities ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) Corporates ) Hybrids ) Municipals ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) U.S. Government ) Foreign Governments ) Total AFS securities ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held million and million, respectively, of investments that were non-income producing for a period greater than twelve months. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company's accrued interest receivable balance was million and million, respectively. Accrued interest receivable is classified within Prepaid expenses and other assets within the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 In accordance with our FHLB agreements, the investments supporting the funding agreement liabilities are pledged as collateral to secure the FHLB funding agreement liabilities and are not available to us for general purposes. The collateral investments had a fair value of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 30 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Subtotal Other securities, which provide for periodic payments: Asset-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Residential mortgage-backed securities Subtotal Total fixed maturity AFS securities 
 
 Allowance for Current Expected Credit Loss 
 
 We regularly review AFS securities for declines in fair value that we determine to be credit related. For our fixed maturity securities, we generally consider the following in determining whether our unrealized losses are credit related, and if so, the magnitude of the credit loss: 
 The extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis; 
 The reasons for the decline in value (credit event, currency or interest-rate related, including general credit spread widening); 
 The financial condition of and near-term prospects of the issuer (including issuer's current credit rating and the probability of full recovery of principal based upon the issuer's financial strength); 
 Current delinquencies and non-performing assets of underlying collateral; 
 Expected future default rates; 
 Collateral value by vintage, geographic region, industry concentration or property type; 
 Subordination levels or other credit enhancements as of the balance sheet date as compared to origination; and 
 Contractual and regulatory cash obligations and the issuer's plans to meet such obligations. 
 
 We recognize an allowance for current expected credit losses on fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position when it is determined, using the factors discussed above, a component of the unrealized loss is related to credit. We measure the credit loss using a discounted cash flow model that utilizes the single best estimate cash flow and the recognized credit loss is limited to the total unrealized loss on the security (i.e., the fair value floor). Cash flows are discounted using the implicit yield of bonds at their time of purchase and the current book yield for asset and mortgage-backed securities as well as variable rate securities. We recognize the expected credit losses in Recognized gains and (losses), net in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, with an offset for the amount of non-credit impairments recognized in AOCI. We do not measure a credit loss allowance on accrued investment income because we write-off accrued interest through Interest and investment income when collectability concerns arise. 
 
 We consider the following in determining whether write-offs of a security s amortized cost are necessary: 
 We believe amounts related to securities have become uncollectible; 
 We intend to sell a security; or 
 It is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a security prior to recovery. 
 31 

) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total AFS securities ) ) ) ) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Additions Reductions Balance at Beginning of Period For credit losses on securities for which losses were not previously recorded (Additions) reductions in allowance recorded on previously impaired securities For securities sold during the period For securities intended/required to be sold prior to recovery of amortized cost basis Write offs charged against the allowance Recoveries of amounts previously written off Balance at End of Period AFS securities Asset-backed securities ) ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total AFS securities ) ) ) 

32 

) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) Total AFS securities ) ) ) ) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Additions Reductions Balance at Beginning of Period For credit losses on securities for which losses were not previously recorded (Additions) reductions in allowance recorded on previously impaired securities For securities sold during the period For securities intended/required to be sold prior to recovery of amortized cost basis Write offs charged against the allowance Recoveries of amounts previously written off Balance at End of Period AFS securities Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporates ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total AFS securities ) ) ) 
 
 There were purchases of purchased credit deteriorated AFS securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 33 

) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporates ) ) ) Hybrids ) ) ) Municipals ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) U.S. Government ) ) ) Foreign Government ) ) Total AFS securities 
 ) ) ) Total number of AFS in an unrealized loss position less than twelve months Total number of AFS securities in an unrealized loss position twelve months or longer Total number of AFS securities in an unrealized loss position 
 December 31, 2023 Less than 12 months 12 months or longer Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses AFS securities Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Corporates ) ) ) Hybrids ) ) ) Municipals ) ) ) Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) U.S. Government ) ) Foreign Government ) ) ) Total AFS securities 
 ) ) ) Total number of AFS securities in an unrealized loss position less than twelve months Total number of AFS securities in an unrealized loss position twelve months or longer Total number of AFS securities in an unrealized loss position 
 
 We determined the unrealized losses were caused by higher treasury rates compared to those at the time of the FNF acquisition or the purchase of the security if later. For securities in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024, our allowance for expected credit loss was million. We believe the unrealized loss position for which we have recorded an allowance for expected credit loss as of September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to interest rate increases, near-term illiquidity, and other macroeconomic uncertainties as opposed to issuer specific credit concerns. 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 Our mortgage loans are collateralized by commercial and residential properties. 
 
 34 

and of our total investments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The mortgage loans in our investment portfolio, are generally comprised of high quality commercial first lien and mezzanine real estate loans. Mortgage loans are primarily on income producing properties including industrial properties, retail buildings, multifamily properties and office buildings. We diversify our CML portfolio by geographic region and property type to attempt to reduce concentration risk. We continuously evaluate CMLs based on relevant current information to ensure properties are performing at a consistent and acceptable level to secure the related debt. 
 Industrial Mixed Use Multifamily Office Retail Student Housing Other Total CMLs, gross of valuation allowance 
 Allowance for expected credit loss ) ) Total CMLs, net of valuation allowance 
 U.S. Region: East North Central East South Central Middle Atlantic Mountain New England Pacific South Atlantic West North Central West South Central Total CMLs, gross of valuation allowance 
 Allowance for expected credit loss ) ) Total CMLs, net of valuation allowance 

30-89 days past due 90 days or more past due Total CMLs Charge offs 
 
 35 

30-89 days past due 90 days or more past due Total CMLs (a) Charge offs 
 (a) Excludes loans under development with an amortized cost and estimated fair value of million. 
 
 Loan-to-value LTV and debt service coverage DSC ratios are measures commonly used to assess the risk and quality of mortgage loans. The LTV ratio is expressed as a percentage of the amount of the loan relative to the value of the underlying property. A LTV ratio in excess of 100 indicates the unpaid loan amount exceeds the underlying collateral. The DSC ratio, based upon the most recently received financial statements, is expressed as a percentage of the amount of a property s net income to its debt service payments. A DSC ratio of less than 1.00 indicates that a property s operations do not generate sufficient income to cover debt payments. We normalize our DSC ratios to a amortization period for purposes of our general loan allowance evaluation. 
 
 50.00 to 59.99 60.00 to 74.99 75.00 to 84.99 Total CMLs December 31, 2023 LTV Ratios: Less than 50.00 50.00 to 59.99 60.00 to 74.99 75.00 to 84.99 Total CMLs (a) 
 (a) Excludes loans under development with an amortized cost and estimated fair value of million. 
 36 

50.00 to 59.99 60.00 to 74.99 75.00 to 84.99 Total CMLs DSCR Greater than 1.25x 1.00x - 1.25x Less than 1.00x Total CMLs 
 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost by Origination Year 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total LTV Ratios: Less than 50.00 50.00 to 59.99 60.00 to 74.99 75.00 to 84.99 Total CMLs (a) DSCR Greater than 1.25x 1.00x - 1.25x Less than 1.00x Total CMLs (a) 
 million. 
 
 We recognize a mortgage loan as delinquent when payments on the loan are greater than 30 days past due. At September 30, 2024, we had CML that was delinquent in principal or interest payments as shown in the risk rating exposure table above compared to at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans 
 Residential mortgage loans RMLs represented approximately of our total investments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Our RMLs are primarily closed end, amortizing loans and of the properties are located in the United States. We diversify our RML portfolio by state to attempt to reduce concentration risk. 
 All other states (a) Total RMLs, gross of valuation allowance Allowance for expected credit loss ) Total RMLs, net of valuation allowance 
 
 (a) The individual concentration of each state is less than 5 as of September 30, 2024. 
 37 

New York Texas All other states (a) Total RMLs, gross of valuation allowance Allowance for expected credit loss ) Total RMLs, net of valuation allowance 
 
 (a) The individual concentration of each state is less than 5 as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 RMLs have a primary credit quality indicator of either a performing or non-performing loan. We define non-performing residential mortgage loans as those that are 90 or more days past due or in non-accrual status, which is assessed monthly. 
 Non-performing Total RMLs, gross of valuation allowance Allowance for expected loan loss ) ) Total RMLs, net of valuation allowance 
 
 There were charge offs recorded by RMLs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 30-89 days past due 90 days or more past due Total RML mortgages 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost by Origination Year 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total Current (less than 30 days past due) 30-89 days past due 90 days or more past due Total RML mortgages 
 
 Commercial mortgage: Total non-accrual mortgages 
 
 38 

million and million respectively, of mortgage loans that were over 90 days past due. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had million and million, respectively, of residential mortgage loans that were in the process of foreclosure. 
 
 Loan Modifications 
 
 Under certain circumstances, modifications are granted to mortgage loans. Generally, the types of concessions may include interest rate reduction, term extension, payment deferrals, principal forgiveness or a combination of these concessions. We had an immaterial amount of mortgage loans modified during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Allowance for Expected Credit Loss 
 
 We estimate expected credit losses for our commercial and residential mortgage loan portfolios using a probability of default/loss given default model. Significant inputs to this model include, where applicable, the loans' current performance, underlying collateral type, location, contractual life, LTV, DSC and Debt to Income or FICO. The model projects losses using a reasonable and supportable forecast and then reverts over a period to market-wide historical loss experience. Changes in our allowance for expected credit losses on mortgage loans are recognized in Recognized gains and (losses), net in the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. ) ) ) ) ) Provision (expense) benefit for loan losses ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Residential Mortgage Commercial Mortgage Total Residential Mortgage Commercial Mortgage Total Beginning Balance 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Provision (expense) benefit for loan losses ) ) ) ) Ending Balance 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 An allowance for expected credit loss is not measured on accrued interest income for commercial mortgage loans as we have a process to write-off interest on loans that enter into non-accrual status (90 days or more past due). Allowances for expected credit losses are measured on accrued interest income for residential mortgage loans and were immaterial for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 39 

Equity securities Preferred securities Mortgage loans Invested cash and short-term investments Limited partnerships Other investments Gross investment income Investment expense ) ) ) ) Interest and investment income 
 
 Interest and investment income is shown net of amounts attributable to certain funds withheld reinsurance agreements which is passed along to the reinsurer in accordance with the terms of these agreements. Interest and investment income attributable to these agreements, and thus excluded from the totals in the table above, was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Recognized Gains and (Losses), Net ) ) Net realized/unrealized gains on equity securities (a) Net realized/unrealized gains (losses) on preferred securities (b) ) Net realized/unrealized gains on other invested assets Change in allowance for expected credit losses ) ) ) ) Derivatives and embedded derivatives: Realized gains (losses) on certain derivative instruments ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on certain derivative instruments ) Change in fair value of reinsurance related embedded derivatives (c) ) ) Change in fair value of other derivatives and embedded derivatives ) Realized gains (losses) on derivatives and embedded derivatives ) ) Recognized gains and (losses), net ) ) 
 (a) Includes net valuation gains of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and net valuation gains of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (b) Includes net valuation gains of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and net valuation gains of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (c) Change in fair value of reinsurance related embedded derivatives is due to activity related to reinsurance treaties. 
 
 Recognized gains and (losses), net is shown net of amounts attributable to certain funds withheld reinsurance agreements which are passed along to the reinsurer in accordance with the terms of these agreements. Recognized gains and (losses) attributable to these agreements, and thus excluded from the totals in the table above, were ) 
 40 

million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Gross gains Gross losses ) ) ) ) 
 
 Unconsolidated Variable Interest Entities 
 
 We own investments in variable interest entities VIEs that are not consolidated within our financial statements. A VIE is an entity that does not have sufficient equity to finance its own activities without additional financial support, where investors lack certain characteristics of a controlling financial interest, or where the entity is structured with non-substantive voting rights. VIEs are consolidated by their primary beneficiary, a designation given to an entity that receives both the benefits from the VIE as well as the substantive power to make its key economic decisions. While we participate in the benefits from VIEs in which we invest, but do not consolidate, the substantive power to make the key economic decisions for each respective VIE resides with entities not under our common control. It is for this reason that we are not considered the primary beneficiary for the VIE investments that are not consolidated. 
 
 We invest in various limited partnerships and limited liability companies primarily as a passive investor. These investments are primarily in credit funds with a bias towards current income, real assets, or private equity. Limited partnership and limited liability company interests are accounted for under the equity method and are included in Investments in unconsolidated affiliates on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, we invest in structured investments, which may be VIEs, but for which we are not the primary beneficiary. These structured investments typically invest in fixed income investments and are managed by third parties and include asset-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities and residential mortgage-backed securities included in fixed maturity securities available for sale on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Our maximum loss exposure with respect to these VIEs is limited to the investment carrying amounts reported in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for limited partnerships and the amortized costs of our fixed maturity securities, in addition to any required unfunded commitments (also refer to Note N - Commitments and Contingencies ). 
 
 Fixed maturity securities Total unconsolidated VIE investments 
 41 

Blackstone Cooper Asset Holdco (a) Elba (b) (c) COLI (c) 
 (a) Represents a special purpose vehicle that holds investments in numerous limited partnership investments whose underlying investments are further diversified by holding interest in multiple individual investments and industries. 
 (b) Represents special purpose vehicles that hold an underlying minority ownership interest in a single operating liquified natural gas export facility. 
 (c) Investment did not exceed 10 of shareholder s equity as of September 30, 2024. 

Note D 
 
 Interest rate swaps Other derivative investments Other long-term investments: Other embedded derivatives Prepaid expenses and other assets: Reinsurance related embedded derivatives Total Liabilities: Contractholder funds: Indexed annuities/ IUL embedded derivatives Accounts payable and accrued liabilities: Reinsurance related embedded derivatives Total 
 ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) Futures contracts ) Other derivative investments ) Other embedded derivatives ) Reinsurance related embedded derivatives ) ) Total net investment gains 
 ) ) Benefits and other changes in policy reserves: Indexed annuities/ IUL embedded derivatives increase ) 
 
 42 

43 

December 31, 2023 

Collateral Agreements 
 
 We are required to maintain minimum ratings as a matter of routine practice as part of our over-the-counter derivative agreements on ISDA forms. Under some ISDA agreements, we have agreed to maintain certain financial strength ratings. A downgrade below these levels provides the counterparty under the agreement the right to terminate the open derivative contracts between the parties, at which time any amounts payable by us or the counterparty would be dependent on the market value of the underlying contracts. Our current rating does not allow any counterparty the right to terminate ISDA agreements. In certain transactions, both us and the counterparty have entered into a collateral support agreement requiring either party to post collateral when the net exposures exceed pre-determined thresholds. For all counterparties, except , the threshold is set to . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 counterparties posted collateral of million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, is included in Cash and cash equivalents with an associated payable for this collateral included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Accordingly, the maximum amount of loss due to credit risk that we would incur if parties to the derivatives failed completely to perform according to the terms of the contracts was million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 We are required to pay our counterparties the effective federal funds interest rate each day for cash collateral posted to us. Cash collateral is reinvested in overnight investment sweep products, which are included in Cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, to reduce the interest cost. 
 
 and futures contracts at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value of the futures contracts represents the cumulative unsettled variation margin (open trade equity, net of cash settlements). We provide cash collateral to the counterparties for the initial and variation margin on the futures contracts, which is included in Cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amount of cash collateral held by the counterparties for such contracts was million and million 
 
 44 

Note E 
 Ceded ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net 
 
 Amounts payable or recoverable for reinsurance on paid and unpaid claims are not subject to periodic or maximum limits. policies issued by F G have been reinsured with any foreign company, which is controlled, either directly or indirectly, by a party not primarily engaged in the business of insurance. F G has not entered into any reinsurance agreements in which the reinsurer may unilaterally cancel any reinsurance for reasons other than non-payment of premiums or other similar credit issues. 
 
 Reinsurance Transactions 
 
 The following summarizes significant changes to a third-party reinsurance agreement for the period ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Somerset: Effective July 1, 2024, F G amended the existing flow reinsurance agreement with Somerset Reinsurance Ltd. Somerset ), a third-party reinsurer, to additionally cede the base contract benefits and GMWB riders attached under certain FIA policies on a coinsurance funds withheld quota share basis. 
 
 There have been no other significant changes to third party reinsurance agreements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 45 

Coinsurance Funds Withheld Certain MYGA (b) Deposit Somerset Reinsurance Ltd (c) Coinsurance Funds Withheld Certain MYGA (b) and deferred annuities Deposit Coinsurance Funds Withheld Certain FIA Reinsurance Everlake Life Insurance Company Coinsurance (d) Certain MYGA (b) (d) Deposit Wilton Reassurance Company Coinsurance Block of traditional, IUL and UL (e) Reinsurance Other (f) Reinsurance recoverable, gross of allowance for credit losses Allowance for expected credit loss ) ) Reinsurance recoverable, net of allowance for credit losses (a) Reinsurance recoverables do not include unearned ceded premiums that would be recovered in the event of early termination of certain traditional life policies. (b) The combined quota share flow reinsurance amongst all reinsurers for 2024 was through May 31, 2024, decreased to in June and July 2024, and increased to in August and September 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the combined quota share flow reinsurance amongst all reinsurers was . 
 (c) The balance represents the total reinsurance recoverable for all reinsurance agreements with Somerset. (d) Reinsurance recoverable is collateralized by assets placed in a statutory comfort trust by the reinsurer and maintained for our sole benefit. (e) Also includes certain FGL Insurance life insurance policies that are subject to redundant reserves, reported on a statutory basis, under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX. (f) Represents all other reinsurers, with no single reinsurer having a carrying value in excess of 5 of total reinsurance recoverable. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, F G had a deposit asset of billion and billion, respectively, which is reported in the Reinsurance recoverable, net of allowance for credit losses on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 F G incurred risk charge fees of million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, in relation to reinsurance agreements. 
 
 Credit Losses 
 
 F G estimates expected credit losses on reinsurance recoverables using a probability of default/loss given default model. Significant inputs to the model include the reinsurer's credit risk, expected timing of recovery, industry-wide historical default experience, senior unsecured bond recovery rates, and credit enhancement features. ) ) ) Changes in the expected credit loss reserve ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) 
 
 46 

Note F 
 
 Deferred acquisition costs DAC Deferred sales inducements DSI Value of distribution asset Computer software Definite lived trademarks, tradenames, and other Indefinite lived tradenames and other Customer relationships Total Other intangible assets, net 
 
 47 

Amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) Actuarial model updates and refinements (a) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 (a) net of amortization of million). 
 
 Indexed Annuities Fixed Rate Annuities Immediate Annuities Universal Life Traditional Life Total Balance at January 1, 2023 
 Amortization ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 

VOBA amortization expense of million and million was recorded in Depreciation and amortization on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Capitalization Amortization ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Indexed Annuities Fixed Rate Annuities Universal Life Total (a) Balance at January 1, 2023 
 Capitalization Amortization ) ) ) ) Reinsurance related adjustments Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 (a) Excludes insignificant amounts of DAC related to Funding Agreement Backed Note FABN ). 
 
 DAC amortization expense of million and million was recorded in Depreciation and amortization on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, excluding insignificant amounts related to FABN. 
 
 Fixed Rate Annuities Universal Life Funding Agreements Total 
 
 48 

Capitalization Amortization ) ) Balance at September 30, 
 
 DSI amortization expense of million and million was recorded in Depreciation and amortization on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The cash flow assumptions used to amortize VOBA and DAC were consistent with the assumptions used to estimate the future policy benefits FPB for life contingent immediate annuities, and will be reviewed and unlocked, if applicable, in the same period as those balances. For nonparticipating traditional life contracts, the VOBA amortization is straight-line, without the use of cash flow assumptions. For indexed annuity contracts, the cash flow assumptions used to amortize VOBA, DAC, and DSI were consistent with the assumptions used to estimate the value of the embedded derivative and MRBs, and will be reviewed and unlocked, if applicable, in the same period as those balances. For fixed rate annuities and IUL the cash flow assumptions used to amortize VOBA, DAC and DSI reflect the Company s best estimates for policyholder behavior, consistent with the development of assumptions for indexed annuities and immediate annuities. 
 
 We review cash flow assumptions annually, generally in the third quarter. In 2024 and 2023, F G undertook a review of all significant assumptions and revised several assumptions relating to our deferred annuity (indexed annuity and fixed rate annuity) and IUL products. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we updated assumptions including surrender rates, GMWB election timing, premium persistency, and option budgets. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we updated assumptions including surrender rates, partial withdrawal rates, mortality improvement, and option budgets. All updates to these assumptions brought us more in line with our Company and overall industry experience since the prior assumption update. 
 
 Acquired Amortization ) Balance at September 30, 
 
 The customer relationship intangibles acquired in the Roar and PALH acquisitions are being amortized over an estimated useful life of years and years, respectively, using an accelerated method, which takes into consideration expected customer attrition rates. 
 
 49 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

Note G 
 
 Balance, beginning of period, before effect of changes in the instrument-specific credit risk Issuances and benefit payments ) Attributed fees collected and interest accrual Actual policyholder behavior different from expected Changes in assumptions and other Effects of market related movements ) ) Balance, end of period, before effect of changes in the instrument-specific credit risk Effect of changes in the instrument-specific credit risk Balance, end of period, net liability Less: reinsured market risk benefits Balance, end of period, net of reinsurance Weighted-average attained age of policyholders weighted by total AV (years) Net amount at risk 
 
 50 

Fixed rate annuities Total MRB asset MRB liability Indexed annuities Fixed rate annuities Total MRB liability 
 
 The net MRB liability increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily as a result of collection of attributed fees, interest accrual, MRB reserves for contracts issued within the period, and changes in actuarial assumptions. These increases were partially offset by the effects of market related movements, including the impacts of higher risk-free rates and increases in the equity market related projections. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, notable changes made to the inputs to the fair value estimates of MRBs calculations included an increase in risk-free rates leading to a favorable change in the MRBs associated with indexed annuities and fixed rate annuities; increases in the equity market related projections resulted in a decrease in the net amount at risk associated with indexed annuities, leading to a favorable change in the value of the associated MRBs; and an increase in the rider benefit utilization assumption, leading to an unfavorable change in the value of the associated MRBs. 
 
 The net MRB liability increased for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily as a result of attributed fees collected, increases as a result of actual policyholder behavior different than expected and changes in assumptions as discussed below. These increases were partially offset by the effects of market related movements, including the impacts of higher risk-free rates and increases in the equity market related projections. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, notable changes made to the inputs to the fair value estimates of MRBs calculations included a significant increase in risk-free rates leading to a favorable change in the MRBs associated with indexed annuities and fixed rate annuities; increases in the equity market related projections resulted in a decrease in the net amount at risk associated with indexed annuities, leading to a favorable change in the value of the associated MRBs; and F G s credit spread decreased, lead to a corresponding unfavorable change in the MRBs associated with both indexed annuities and fixed rate annuities. 
 
 In 2024 and 2023, F G undertook a review of all significant assumptions and revised several assumptions relating to our deferred annuities (indexed annuities and fixed rate annuities) with MRBs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we updated assumptions including surrender rates, rider benefit election utilization and option budgets. For the year ended December 31, 2023,we updated assumptions including surrender rates, partial withdrawal rates, mortality improvement, and option budgets. All updates to these assumptions brought us more in line with our Company and overall industry experience since the prior assumption updates. These updates, in total, led to increases in the net MRB liability for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Note H 
 
 and . The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and . The effective tax rate on pre-tax income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the U.S. Federal statutory rate of 21 
 51 

million against its net deferred tax assets of million. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had a partial valuation allowance of million against its net deferred tax assets of million. There was a million decrease in the valuation allowance for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The valuation allowance consisted of a full valuation allowance on the unrealized capital loss deferred tax assets for F G Life Re, F G Cayman Re, and the U.S. Non-life companies, a full valuation allowance on the foreign deferred tax assets on F G Life Re, and a partial valuation allowance on the capital loss deferred tax assets on the U.S. life insurance companies. 
 
 The valuation allowance is reviewed quarterly and will be maintained until there is sufficient positive evidence, if any, to support a release. At each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could impact the future realization of deferred tax assets. Management will consider a release of the valuation allowance once there is sufficient positive evidence that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 
 All other deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized based on expectations as to our future taxable income and considering all other available evidence, both positive and negative. 
 
 The Company makes certain investments in limited partnerships, which invest in affordable housing projects that qualify for the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit LIHTC ). The Company s investment in the funds is amortized through income tax expense on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations using the proportional amortization method. 
 
 The tax credits and other benefits recognized are included in the net change in income taxes on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.) ) ) ) Tax credit amortization expense Total ) ) ) ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, LIHTC investments included in Prepaid expenses and other assets on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into law on August 16, 2022. Among other changes, the IRA introduced a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on adjusted financial statement income and a 1 excise tax on treasury stock repurchases. These provisions were effective January 1, 2023. For purposes of calculating adjusted financial statement income, the Company is included in the controlled group of FNF, its parent company. Though the Company is subject to the minimum tax, the Company does not expect to be 
 52 

Note I 
 
 Issuances Premiums received Policy charges (a) ) ) Surrenders and withdrawals ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) ) Interest credited Other ) ) Balance, end of period Embedded derivative adjustment (c) Gross Liability, end of period Less: Reinsurance Net Liability, after Reinsurance Weighted-average crediting rate N/A N/A Net amount at risk (d) N/A N/A N/A N/A Cash surrender value (e) N/A N/A 
 (a) Contracts included in the contractholder funds are generally charged a premium and/or monthly assessments on the basis of the account balance. 
 (b) FABN and FHLB are considered funding agreements that are investment contracts which follow the interest method of accounting, and therefore are not subject to ASU 2018-12 disclosure requirements. However, the Company has elected to present the liability for these agreements within the disaggregated roll forward as we believe it will provide meaningful information for users of the financials. 
 (c) The embedded derivative adjustment reconciles the account balance to the gross GAAP liability and represents the combination of the host contract and the fair value of the embedded derivatives. 
 (d) For those guarantees of benefits that are payable in the event of death, the net amount at risk is generally defined as the current guaranteed minimum death benefit in excess of the current account balance at the balance sheet date. 
 (e) These amounts are gross of reinsurance. 
 
 53 

Issuances Premiums received Policy charges (a) ) ) Surrenders and withdrawals ) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) ) Interest credited Other ) Balance, end of period Embedded derivative adjustment (c) Gross Liability, end of period Less: Reinsurance Net Liability, after Reinsurance Weighted-average crediting rate N/A N/A Net amount at risk (d) N/A N/A N/A N/A Cash surrender value (e) N/A N/A 
 (a) Contracts included in the contractholder funds are generally charged a premium and/or monthly assessments on the basis of the account balance. 
 (b) FABN and FHLB are considered funding agreements that are investment contracts which follow the interest method of accounting, and therefore are not subject to ASU 2018-12 disclosure requirements. However, the Company has elected to present the liability for these agreements within the disaggregated roll forward as we believe it will provide meaningful information for users of the financials. 
 (c) The embedded derivative adjustment reconciles the account balance to the gross GAAP liability and represents the combination of the host contract and the fair value of the embedded derivatives. 
 (d) For those guarantees of benefits that are payable in the event of death, the net amount at risk is generally defined as the current guaranteed minimum death benefit in excess of the current account balance at the balance sheet date. 
 (e) These amounts are gross of reinsurance. 
 
 Fixed rate annuities Immediate annuities Universal life Traditional life Funding Agreement-FABN FHLB PRT Total 
 
 Annually, typically in the third quarter, we review assumptions associated with reserves for policy benefits and product guarantees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, based on policyholder behavior, experience and interest rate movements, we reflected updates to surrender assumptions for recent and expected near term policyholder behavior, as well as updated certain FIA assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the embedded derivative component within contractholder funds. These changes resulted in a decrease in total benefits and other changes in policy reserves of approximately million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2023, based on increases in interest rates and pricing changes, we updated certain FIA assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the embedded derivative component within contractholder funds and also aligned reserves to actual policyholder behavior. These changes resulted in an increase 
 54 

million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Basis Point- Basis Points Above 
 Basis Points- Basis Points Above 
 Greater Than Basis Points Above 
 Total Indexed Annuities 0.00 -1.50 1.51 -2.50 Greater than 2.50 Total Fixed Rate Annuities 0.00 -1.50 1.51 -2.50 Greater than 2.50 Total Universal Life 0.00 -1.50 1.51 -2.50 Greater than 2.50 Total 
 December 31, 2023 Range of guaranteed minimum crediting rate At Guaranteed Minimum Basis Point- Basis Points Above 
 Basis Points- Basis Points Above 
 Greater Than Basis Points Above 
 Total Indexed Annuities 0.00 -1.50 1.51 -2.50 Greater than 2.50 Total Fixed Rate Annuities 0.00 -1.50 1.51 -2.50 Greater than 2.50 Total Universal Life 0.00 -1.50 1.51 -2.50 Greater than 2.50 Total 

55 

Note J 
 
 Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of actual variances from expected experience ) ) Balance adjusted for variances from expectation Interest accrual Net premiums collected ) ) Ending Balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) Balance, end of period Expected FPB Balance, beginning of year Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of actual variances from expected experience ) Balance adjusted for variances from expectation Interest accrual Benefits payments ) ) Ending Balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) Balance, end of period Net liability for future policy benefits Less: Reinsurance recoverable Net liability for future policy benefits, after reinsurance recoverable Weighted-average duration of liability for future policyholder benefits (years) 

56 

Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions ) Effect of actual variances from expected experience ) ) Balance adjusted for variances from expectation Issuances Interest accrual Benefits payments ) ) Ending Balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) Balance, end of period Net liability for future policy benefits, after reinsurance recoverable Weighted-average duration of liability for future policyholder benefits (years) 
 
 Immediate annuities September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Balance, beginning of year Beginning balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions Effect of actual variances from expected experience ) ) Balance adjusted for variances from expectation Issuances Interest accrual Benefits payments ) ) Ending Balance at original discount rate Effect of changes in discount rate assumptions ) ) Balance, end of period Net liability for future policy benefits Less: Reinsurance recoverable Net liability for future policy benefits, after reinsurance recoverable Weighted-average duration of liability for future policyholder benefits (years) 

57 

Effect of modeling changes Effect of changes in cash flow assumptions ) Effect of actual variances from expected experience Balance adjusted for variances from expectation Issuances Interest accrual Amortization ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 Immediate annuities PRT Immediate annuities DPL PRT DPL Total 
 
 Expected future gross premiums Immediate annuities Expected future benefit payments Expected future gross premiums PRT Expected future benefit payments Expected future gross premiums 
 
 58 

Immediate annuities PRT Total 
 (a) Included in Life insurance premiums and other fees on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (b) Included in Benefits and other changes in policy reserves (remeasurement gains (losses) (a)) on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Current discount rate Immediate annuities Interest accretion rate Current discount rate PRT Interest accretion rate Current discount rate 
 
 Expected experience Lapses Actual experience Expected experience 
 
 December 31, 2023 Traditional Life Immediate annuities PRT Mortality Actual experience Expected experience Lapses Actual experience Expected experience 
 
 59 

Term with return of premium Non-NY Cohort Reserves before NPR capping Term with return of premium Non-NY Cohort Reserves after NPR capping Term with return of premium Non-NY Cohort Loss Expense Term with return of premium Non-NY Cohort 
 
 Premium deficiency testing 
 
 F G conducts annual premium deficiency testing for its long-duration contracts except for the FPB for nonparticipating traditional and limited-payment contracts. F G also conducts annual premium deficiency testing for the VOBA of all long-duration contracts. Premium deficiency testing is performed by reviewing assumptions used to calculate the insurance liabilities and determining whether the sum of the existing contract liabilities and the present value of future gross premiums is sufficient to cover the present value of future benefits to be paid to or on behalf of policyholders and settlement costs and recover unamortized present value of future profits. Anticipated investment income, based on F G s experience, is considered when performing premium deficiency testing for long-duration contracts. During 2024, F G was not required to establish any additional liabilities as a result of premium deficiency testing. 
 
 F G made changes to assumptions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023. Significant assumption inputs used in the calculation of our FPB are described below. Refer to the tables above for further details on changes to our FPB. 
 
 Traditional life 
 
 Significant assumption inputs to the calculation of the FPB for traditional life include mortality, lapses (including lapses due to nonpayment of premium and surrenders for cash surrender value), and discount rates (both accretion and current). We review the cash flow assumptions annually, typically in the third quarter. In 2023, F G undertook a review of all significant assumptions and revised the lapse assumption, resulting in a slight decrease to the FPB. In 2024, F G made an adjustment to the calculation to reflect additional actuarial precision, unrelated to the assumptions, driving an increase to the FPB liability. There have been no other significant changes. 
 
 Market data that underlies current discount rates was updated in 2024 from that utilized in 2023 resulting in decreased discount rates that drove a material increase to the FPB. 
 
 Immediate annuities (life contingent) 
 
 Significant assumption inputs to the calculation of the FPB for immediate annuities (life contingent) include mortality and discount rates (both accretion and current). We review the cash flow assumptions annually, typically in the third quarter. In 2024 and 2023, F G undertook a review of the significant cash flow assumptions and did not make any changes to mortality. Market data that underlies current discount rates was updated in 2024 from that utilized in 2023, resulting in decreased discount rates that drove a material increase to the FPB. 
 
 PRT (life contingent) 
 
 Significant assumption inputs to the calculation of the FPB for PRT (life contingent) include mortality and discount rates (both accretion and current). We review the cash flow assumptions annually, typically in the third quarter. In 2024 and 2023, F G undertook a review of the significant cash flow assumptions and did not make any changes to mortality. Market data that underlies current discount rates was updated in 2024 from 2023 resulting in decreased discount rates that drove a material increase to the FPB. 
 
 60 

Note K - 
 
 million and million, respectively, is included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Accrued benefits URL Trade accounts payable Liability for policy and contract claims Retained asset account Remittances and items not allocated Option collateral liabilities Lease liability Investment purchases payable Contingent consideration Other accrued liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Capitalization Amortization ) ) Balance at September 30, 

Note L 
 
 F G Notes, net of and of deferred issuance costs at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 F G Notes, net of and of deferred issuance costs at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 F G Notes, net of and of deferred issuance costs at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 F G Notes, including and of purchase premium at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Revolving Credit Facility - Short-term, net of deferred issuance costs of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Total 
 
 61 

F G Senior Notes - On June 4, 2024, F G completed its public offering of million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2029 (the F G Notes ). The F G notes were issued at of face value net of deferred issuance costs of approximately million. The F G Notes are guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by each of F G s subsidiaries that are guarantors of F G s obligations under its existing credit agreement. The F G Notes mature on June 4, 2029, and become callable on May 4, 2029. Interest is payable semi-annually at a fixed rate of , and, if the F G Notes are downgraded, the interest rate payable is subject to adjustment from time to time per the terms of the indenture. 
 
 F G used a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to repay an aggregate principal amount of million of the F G Notes. F G intends to use the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include the repurchase, redemption or repayment at maturity of outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility - On February 16, 2024, F G entered into an amendment and extension of its existing senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The maturity date of the Credit Agreement was extended from November 22, 2025 to November 22, 2027. Total borrowing availability increased from million to million. Pricing and advance rates remain unchanged. Financial covenants also remain essentially the same. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the remaining borrowing availability was million. The average variable interest rate on the revolver was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and for the year ended December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Refer to Note A - Basis of Financial Statements for a discussion related to the public offering of its million aggregate principal amount of the F G Senior Notes completed on October 4, 2024, and the payoff of the revolving credit facility with a portion of the proceeds. 
 
 Covenants - The Credit Agreement and the indentures governing the F G Notes, F G Notes, F G Notes and F G Notes impose certain operating and financial restrictions, including financial covenants, on F G. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants. 
 
 Interest Expense - Amortization of deferred issuance costs and purchase premiums are recognized as components of interest expense. 
 F G Notes 
 F G Notes 
 F G Notes 
 F G Notes 
 Revolving Credit Facility Total 
 
 62 

Note M 
 
 Income taxes (refunded) paid ) Deferred sales inducements Non-cash investing and financing activities: Investments received from pension risk transfer premiums Change in proceeds of sales of investments available for sale receivable in period ) Change in purchases of investments available for sale payable in period 
 
 Refer to Note P - Acquisitions for information on the acquisitions of Roar and PALH including the assets acquired and liabilities and non-controlling interest assumed as of the respective acquisition dates. 

Note N 
 
 million over a period upon the achievement by Roar of certain EBITDA milestones. The contingent consideration is recorded at fair value in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note P - Acquisitions for more information on the Roar purchase and refer to Note B - Fair Value of Financial Instruments for more information regarding the fair value of the contingent consideration. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Contingencies 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various pending and threatened litigation matters related to our operations, some of which include claims for punitive or exemplary damages. Like other companies, our ordinary course litigation includes a number of class action and purported class action lawsuits, which make allegations related to aspects of our operations. We believe that no actions, other than the matters discussed below, if any, depart from customary litigation incidental to our business. 
 
 We review lawsuits and other legal and regulatory matters (collectively legal proceedings on an ongoing basis when making accrual and disclosure decisions. When assessing reasonably possible and probable outcomes, management bases its decision on its assessment of the ultimate outcome assuming all appeals have been exhausted. For legal proceedings in which it has been determined that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable, a liability based on known facts and that represents our best estimate has been recorded. Our accrual for legal and regulatory matters was insignificant as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We do not consider (i) the amounts we have currently recorded for all legal proceedings in which it has been determined that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable and (ii) reasonably possible losses for all pending legal proceedings to be material to our financial statements either individually or in the aggregate. Actual losses may materially differ from the amounts recorded and the ultimate outcome of our pending legal proceedings is generally not yet determinable. While some of these matters could be material to our operating results or cash flows for any particular period if an unfavorable outcome results, at present we do not believe that the ultimate resolution of currently pending legal proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 F G is a defendant in putative class action lawsuits that allege some customers personally identifiable information was disclosed due to a vulnerability in the MOVEit file transfer software. F G s vendor, Pension 
 63 

other defendants in the District of Massachusetts on September 7, 2023. Cooper also alleges that he is a F G customer whose personally identifiable information was disclosed and brings similar common law tort claims and alleges claims as a purported third-party beneficiary of an alleged contract. Plaintiff seeks declaratory and injunctive relief and damages. 
 
 Well over similar lawsuits have been filed against other entities impacted by the MOVEit incident including a number of such lawsuits related to PBI s use of MOVEit. On October 4, 2023, the U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation created a multidistrict litigation MDL pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1407 to handle all litigation brought by individuals whose information was potentially compromised in connection with the alleged MOVEit vulnerability. Both Miller and Coope r have been transferred to the MDL and are proceeding under MDL Case No. 1:23-md-03083-ADB-PGL. Plaintiffs filed amendments to their complaints, and the Defendants filed their omnibus motion to dismiss for lack of Article III standing on July 23, 2024. The case is proceeding under a modified bellweather structure to decide critical issues and facilitate reciprocal discovery. At this time, F G does not believe the incident will have a material impact on its business, operations, or financial results. 
 
 On May 28, 2024, a stockholder derivative lawsuit styled, Roofers Local 149 Pension Fund v. Fidelity National Financial Inc., William P. Foley, F G Annuities Life Inc. , C.A. No. 2024-0562-LWW, was filed in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware against defendants Fidelity National Financial, Inc. FNF ), in its capacity as F G s controlling stockholder, and William P. Foley, Executive Chairman of F G and Chairman of FNF, alleging breach of fiduciary duty related to F G s January 11, 2024 sale of million of Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock to FNF. Plaintiff alleges that, based upon the unfair process and unfair price, the preferred stock investment was advantageous to FNF and unfair to F G. Plaintiff seeks to recover damages on behalf of F G for the alleged unfair preferred stock investment and the adoption of certain corporate governance measures. On July 24, 2024, F G filed its answer to plaintiff s complaint, and the remaining defendants filed their motion to dismiss. On September 23, 2024, plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its action against William P. Foley, leaving FNF s motion to dismiss pending with briefing completed on October 24, 2024. The defendants will vigorously contest the plaintiff s claims in the action. 
 
 From time to time, we receive inquiries and requests for information from state insurance departments, attorneys general and other regulatory agencies about various matters relating to our business. Sometimes these take the form of civil investigative demands or subpoenas. We cooperate with all such inquiries and we have responded to or are currently responding to inquiries from multiple governmental agencies. From time to time, we are assessed fines for violations of regulations or other matters or enter into settlements with such authorities, which may require us to pay fines or claims or take other actions. We do not anticipate such fines and settlements, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operations, or financial results. 
 
 64 

Whole loans Fixed maturity securities, ABS Direct Lending Other fixed maturity securities, AFS Commercial mortgage loans Other assets Other invested assets Total 

Concurrent with the Roar purchase agreement, we executed a separate loan agreement with the sellers of Roar for us to lend up to million. The loan matures on August 5, 2027. The principal balance outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was million and is included in Prepaid expenses and other assets on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The remainder of the unfunded loan commitment is included in the unfunded commitments table above in the Other assets line item. Refer to Note P - Acquisitions for more information on the Roar acquisition. 

Note O 
 
 65 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023 ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Statutory capital and surplus: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 (a) FGL NY Insurance, Raven Re and Corbeau Re are subsidiaries of FGL Insurance, and the columns should not be added together. Corbeau Re was incorporated on September 1, 2023. 
 
 Non-U.S. Companies 
 
 Our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries, F G Cayman Re and F G Life Re, file financial statements with their respective regulators. As of and for the annual period ended December 31, 2023, F G Cayman Re began to file financial statements that are prepared in accordance with SAP prescribed or permitted by such authorities, which may vary materially from GAAP. Accordingly, SAP operating results and SAP capital and surplus may differ substantially from amounts reported in the GAAP basis financial statements for comparable items. 
 
 F G Cayman Re has permitted practices which have been approved by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority CIMA ). F G Cayman Re has a permitted practice approved by CIMA to include, as an admitted asset, the value of the letters of credit LOCs acquired to support reinsurance transactions. Also, F G Cayman Re has a permitted practice, approved by CIMA, for PRT reinsurance transactions to use U.S. statutory book value adjusted for best estimate reserve calculations (consistent with GAAP prior to ASU 2018-12, Financial Services-Insurance (Topic 944), Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts). These reserve calculations will be subject to annual assumption reviews consistent with other GAAP liability balances. If F G Cayman Re had not been permitted to calculate PRT assumed reserves using best estimate reserve calculations or include the value of the LOCs as an admitted asset, statutory surplus would be million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Without such permitted statutory accounting practices, F G Cayman Re s risk-based capital would fall below the minimum regulatory requirements as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 F G Life Re files financial statements based on GAAP. 
 66 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023 ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 ) For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 ) Statutory capital and surplus: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 
 
 There have been no material changes to the prescribed and permitted practices for our U.S. insurance subsidiaries, which were detailed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and no other significant changes in the regulatory status of our insurance subsidiaries as of September 30, 2024. 

Note P 
 
 majority ownership stake in the equity of Roar Joint Venture, LLC Roar ). Roar wholesales life insurance and annuity products to banks and broker dealers through a network of agents. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company has agreed to make cash payments of up to approximately million over a period upon the achievement of certain EBITDA milestones of Roar. 
 
 majority interest of Roar shares 
 Less: Cash acquired net of non-controlling interests Net cash paid for majority interest of Roar 
 Initial fair value of contingent consideration Total initial consideration 
 
 67 

Prepaid expenses and other assets Other intangible assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Total liabilities assumed Non-controlling interests (fair value determined using income approach) Total liabilities assumed and non-controlling interests Net assets acquired 
 
 Definite lived trademarks, tradenames, and other Total Other intangible assets 
 
 Goodwill consists primarily of intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, such as the assembled workforce and synergies between the entities. The total amount of goodwill recorded is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Roar s revenues of million and million and net earnings attributable to F G of million and million are included in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Unaudited Supplemental Pro-Forma Financial Results 
 
 For comparative purposes, selected unaudited pro-forma consolidated results of operations of F G for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 are presented below (in millions). 
 Net earnings (loss) attributable to F G common shareholders 
 
 Amounts reflect certain pro forma adjustments to revenue and net earnings (loss) attributable to F G common shareholders that were directly attributable to the acquisition, primarily reflecting the elimination of intercompany activity between the entities. 
 
 68 

ownership stake in the equity of PALH, LLC PALH ). PALH markets and sells life insurance and annuity products of various insurance carriers to individuals through a network of agents. Prior to the acquisition date, PALH owned a ownership stake in an operating company of which F G owned equity. Immediately before the acquisition date, the fair value of F G s minority stake in the operating company was approximately million, derived from the transaction value. The transaction value contemplates measures such as EBITDA margin, revenue growth over time periods and growth opportunities. This remeasurement resulted in a realized gain of million recorded in Recognized gains and (losses), net in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 
 Less: Cash acquired Net cash paid Settlement of prepaid asset Acquisition date fair value of previously held interests Total consideration 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Other intangible assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 
 Definite lived trademarks, tradenames, and other to 
 Total Other intangible assets 
 
 Goodwill consists primarily of intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, such as the assembled workforce and synergies between the entities. A portion of the total amount of goodwill recorded is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 PALH s revenues and net loss attributable to F G of million and million, respectively, are included in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 69 

Net earnings (loss) attributable to F G common shareholders 
 
 Amounts reflect certain pro forma adjustments to revenue and net earnings (loss) attributable to F G common shareholders that were directly attributable to the acquisition, primarily reflecting the elimination of intercompany activity between the entities. 

Note Q - Less: Non-controlling interests Net earnings (loss) attributable to F G ) Less: Preferred stock dividend Net earnings (loss) attributable to F G common shareholders ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic Dilutive effect of unvested restricted stock Dilutive effect of mandatory convertible preferred stock Weighted-average shares outstanding - diluted Net earnings (loss) per share attributable to F G common shareholders Basic - net ) Diluted - net ) 
 
 million restricted shares and million convertible preferred shares would have been antidilutive to the calculation. If we had not incurred a net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024, dilutive potential common shares would have been million. 

70 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding our expectations, hopes, intentions or strategies regarding the future. All forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. It is important to note that our actual results could vary materially from those forward-looking statements contained herein due to many factors, including, but not limited to: the potential impact of our business relationships, including with our employees, customers and competitors; changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including changes in the financial markets; weakness or adverse changes in the level of activity in our sector or the sectors of our affiliated companies, which may be caused by, among other things, high or increasing interest rates, or a weak U.S. economy; significant competition that our operating subsidiaries face; compliance with extensive government regulation; and other risks detailed in the Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information, Risk Factors and other sections of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 Unless the context indicates otherwise, as used herein, the terms we, us, our, the Company or F G refer collectively to F G Annuities Life, Inc., and its subsidiaries. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Overview 
 
 For a description of our business, including descriptions of recent business developments, see the discussion in Note A - Basis of Financial Statements in the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated by reference into this Part I, Item 2. 
 
 Business Trends and Conditions 
 
 The following factors represent some of the key trends and uncertainties that have influenced the development of the Company and its historical financial performance, and we believe these key trends and uncertainties will continue to influence the business and financial performance of the Company in the future. See Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further discussion of risk factors that could affect our business, including risk factors that could affect market conditions and discussion of current and emerging developments relating to market conduct standards for the financial industry emerging from the Department of Labor s DOL implementation of the fiduciary rule, as well as recent legislative challenges to the fiduciary rule. 
 
 Market Conditions 
 
 Market volatility has affected, and may continue to affect, our business and financial performance in varying ways. Volatility can pressure sales and reduce demand as consumers hesitate to make financial decisions. To enhance the attractiveness and profitability of our products and services, we continually monitor the behavior of our customers, as evidenced by annuitization rates and lapse rates, which vary in response to changes in market conditions. 
 
 Interest Rate Environment 
 
 Some of our products include guaranteed minimum crediting rates, most notably our fixed rate annuities. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our reserves, net of reinsurance, and average crediting rate on our 
 71 

fixed rate annuities were 7 billion and 4 , respectively. We are required to pay the guaranteed minimum crediting rates even if earnings on our investment portfolio decline, which would negatively impact earnings. In addition, we expect more policyholders to hold policies with comparatively high guaranteed rates for a longer period in a low interest rate environment. Conversely, a rise in average yield on our investment portfolio would increase earnings if the average interest rate we pay on our products does not rise correspondingly. Similarly, we expect that policyholders would be less likely to hold policies with existing guarantees as interest rates rise and the relative value of other new business offerings are increased, which would negatively impact our earnings and cash flows. 
 
 See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk and Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a more detailed discussion of interest rate risk. 
 
 Aging of the U.S. Population 
 
 We believe that the aging of the U.S. population will increase the demand for our indexed annuity and indexed universal life IUL products. As the baby boomer generation prepares for retirement, we believe that demand for retirement savings, growth, and income products will grow. Over 10,000 people will turn 65 each day in the United States over the next 15 years, and according to the U.S. Census Bureau, the proportion of the U.S. population over the age of 65 is expected to grow from 19 in 2024 to 21 in 2035. The impact of this growth may be offset to some extent by asset outflows as an increasing percentage of the population begins withdrawing assets to convert their savings into income. 
 
 Industry Factors and Trends Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 
 We operate in the sector of the insurance industry that focuses on the needs of middle-income Americans. The underserved middle-income market represents a major growth opportunity for us. As a tool for addressing the unmet need for retirement planning, we believe that many middle-income Americans have grown to appreciate the financial certainty that we believe annuities such as our indexed annuity products afford. For example, the fixed index annuity market grew from nearly 12 billion of sales in 2002 to 97 billion of sales in 2023 and the registered index-linked annuities RILA market grew from 11 billion of sales in 2018 to 44 billion of sales in 2023. Additionally, this market demand has positively impacted the IUL market as it has expanded from 100 million of annual sales in 2002 to 3 billion of annual sales in 2023. 
 
 See Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a more detailed discussion of industry factors and trends affecting our Results of Operations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The accounting estimates described in Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 are those we consider critical in preparing our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Management is required to make estimates and assumptions that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures with respect to contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual amounts could differ from those estimates. See Note A - Basis of Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional description of certain significant accounting policies that have been followed in preparing our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Business Overview 
 
 We are in three distinct retail channels and two institutional markets. Our three retail channels include agent-based Independent Marketing Organizations IMOs ), banks and broker dealers. We have deep, long-tenured relationships with our network of leading IMOs and their agents to serve the needs of the middle-income market and develop competitive annuity and life products to align with their evolving needs. Upon FNF s acquisition of F G on June 1, 2020 (the FNF Acquisition ), and F G s subsequent rating upgrades in mid-2020, we launched into banks and broker dealers. Further, in 2021, we launched into two institutional markets to originate Funding Agreement Backed Notes FABN and pension risk transfer PRT transactions. The FABN Program offers funding agreements to institutional clients by means of capital markets transactions through investment banks. The funding agreements issued under the FABN Program are in addition to those issued to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta FHLB ). The PRT solutions business was launched by building an experienced team and then working with brokers and institutional consultants for distribution. These markets leverage our existing team's spread-based capabilities as well as our strategic partnership with Blackstone ISG-I Advisors LLC Blackstone ). 
 
 In setting the features and pricing of our flagship indexed annuity products relative to our targeted net margin, we take into account our expectations regarding (1) the difference between the net investment income we earn and the sum of the interest credited to policyholders and the cost of hedging our risk on the policies; (2) fees, including surrender charges and rider fees, partly offset by vesting bonuses that we pay our policyholders; and (3) a number of related expenses, including benefits and changes in reserves, acquisition costs, and general and administrative expenses. 
 
 We also own stakes in IMOs and Network Marketing Groups through our owned distribution strategy. For our minority owned interests, our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations reflects dividend income in Interest and investment income. For our majority owned interests, unaffiliated commission revenue is recorded in Owned distribution revenue and unaffiliated expenses are recorded in Personnel costs and Other operating expenses in our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 On March 16, 2022, FNF announced its intention to partially spin off F G through a dividend to FNF shareholders. On December 1, 2022, FNF distributed, on a pro rata basis, approximately 15 of the common stock of F G. FNF retained control of F G through ownership of approximately 85 of F G common stock. Effective December 1, 2022, F G commenced regular-way trading of its common stock on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol FG . 
 
 Key Components of Our Historical Results of Operations 
 
 Through our insurance subsidiaries, we issue a broad portfolio of deferred annuities (indexed annuities and fixed rate annuities), IUL insurance, immediate annuities, funding agreements and PRT solutions. A deferred annuity is a type of contract that accumulates value on a tax deferred basis and typically begins making specified periodic or lump sum payments a certain number of years after the contract has been issued. IUL insurance is a complementary type of contract that accumulates value in a cash value account and provides a payment to designated beneficiaries upon the policyholder s death. An immediate annuity is a type of contract that begins making specified payments within one annuity period (e.g., one month or one year) and typically makes payments of principal and interest earnings over a period of time. As defined by the Iowa Insurance Division, a funding agreement is an agreement for an insurer to accept and accumulate funds and to make one or more payments at future dates in amounts that are not based on mortality or morbidity contingencies of the person to whom the funding agreement is issued. In essence, funding agreement providers issue fixed maturity contracts with fixed or floating interest rates in exchange for a single upfront premium. Our PRT products are comparable to income annuities, as we generally receive a single, upfront premium in exchange for paying a guaranteed stream of future income payments which are typically fixed in nature but may vary in duration based on participant mortality experience. 
 
 Under GAAP, premium collections for deferred annuities (indexed annuities and fixed rate annuities), immediate annuities and PRT without life contingency, and deposits received for funding agreements are reported in 
 73 

the financial statements as deposit liabilities (i.e., contractholder funds) instead of as sales or revenues. Similarly, cash payments to customers are reported as decreases in the liability for contractholder funds and not as expenses. Sources of revenues for products accounted for as deposit liabilities are net investment income, surrender charges, cost of insurance and other charges deducted from contractholder funds (i.e., amortization of URL), and net realized gains (losses) on investments. Components of expenses for products accounted for as deposit liabilities are interest-sensitive and index product benefits (primarily interest credited to account balances or the hedging cost of providing index credits to the policyholder), amortization of VOBA, DAC and DSI, and other operating costs and expenses. 
 
 F G hedges certain portions of its exposure to product related equity market risk by entering into derivative transactions. We purchase derivatives consisting predominantly of equity options and, to a lesser degree, futures contracts (specifically for indexed annuity contracts) on the equity indices underlying the applicable policy. These derivatives are used to offset the reserve impact of the index credits due to policyholders under the indexed annuity and IUL contracts. The majority of all such equity options are one-year options purchased to match the funding requirements underlying the indexed annuity/IUL contracts. We attempt to manage the cost of these purchases through the terms of our indexed annuity/IUL contracts, which permit us to change caps, spread, or participation rates on each policy's annual anniversary, subject to certain guaranteed minimums that must be maintained. The equity options and futures contracts are marked to fair value with the change in fair value included as a component of net investment gains (losses). The change in fair value of the equity options and futures contracts includes the gains and losses recognized at the expiration of the instruments terms or upon early termination and the changes in fair value of open positions. In addition, to reduce market risks from interest rate changes on our earnings associated with our floating rate investments, during 2023 we began to execute pay-float and receive-fixed interest rate swaps. 
 
 Market risk benefits MRBs are contracts or contract features that both provide protection to the contract holder from other-than-nominal capital market risk (equity, interest and foreign exchange risk) and expose the Company to other-than-nominal capital market risk. MRBs (inclusive of reinsured MRBs) are measured at fair value using a risk neutral valuation method, which is based on current net amounts at risk, market data, internal and industry experience, and other factors. The change in fair value of MRBs generally reflects impacts from actual policyholder behavior (including surrenders of the benefit), changes in interest rates, and changes in equity market returns. Generally higher interest rates and equity returns result in gains whereas lower interest rates and equity returns result in losses. Reinsured MRBs are valued using a methodology consistent with direct MRBs, with the exception of the non-performance spread which reflects the credit of the reinsurer. 
 
 Earnings from products accounted for as deposit liabilities are primarily generated from the excess of net investment income earned over the sum of interest credited to policyholders and the cost of hedging our risk on indexed annuity/IUL policies. With respect to indexed annuities/IULs, which includes the expenses incurred to fund the index credits. Proceeds received upon expiration or early termination of equity options purchased to fund annual index credits are recorded as part of the change in fair value of derivatives and are largely offset by an expense for index credits earned on annuity contractholder fund balances. 
 
 Our profitability depends in large part upon the amount of: 
 i. AUM (see Non-GAAP Financial Measures ), 
 ii. the excess of net investment income over the sum of interest credited to policyholders and the cost of hedging our risk on indexed product policies, earned on our average assets under management AAUM see Non-GAAP Financial Measures ), 
 iii. flow reinsurance fee income from allocating capital to the highest returning retained business while enhancing cash flow and generating fee-based earnings, 
 iv. owned distribution margin generated from a meaningfully higher risk adjusted return on capital than retained business and providing a diversifying source of earnings while further strengthening our relationships with key partners, and 
 v. through our disciplined expense management and the costs of acquiring new business (principally commissions to agents and bonuses credited to policyholders). 
 
 74 

As we grow AUM, earnings generally increase. AUM increases when cash inflows, which include sales, exceed cash outflows. Managing the excess of net investment income earned over the sum of interest credited to policyholders and the cost of hedging our risk on indexed product policies, involves the ability to maximize returns on our AUM and minimize risks such as interest rate changes and defaults or impairment of investments. It also includes our ability to manage interest rates credited to policyholders and costs of the options and futures purchased to fund the annual index credits on the indexed annuities/IULs. We analyze returns on AAUM to measure our profitability. 
 
 F G reinsures portions of its policy risks with other insurance companies. The use of indemnity reinsurance does not discharge an insurer from liability on the insurance ceded. The insurer is required to pay in full the amount of its insurance liability regardless of whether it is entitled to or able to receive payment from the reinsurer. The portion of risks exceeding F G's retention limit is reinsured. F G primarily seeks reinsurance coverage in order to manage loss exposures, to enhance our capital position, to diversify risks and earnings, and to manage new business volume. F G follows reinsurance accounting when the treaty adequately transfers insurance risk and any acquisition cost reimbursements reduce policy acquisition costs deferred and maintenance expense reimbursements reduce direct expenses incurred. Otherwise, F G follows deposit accounting if there is inadequate transfer of insurance risk or if the underlying policy for which risk is being transferred is an investment contract that does not contain insurance risk. See Note E - Reinsurance to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with GAAP, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes non-GAAP financial measures, which the Company believes are useful to help investors better understand its financial performance, competitive position and prospects for the future. Management believes these non-GAAP financial measures may be useful in certain instances to provide additional meaningful comparisons between current results and results in prior operating periods. Our non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other organizations because other organizations may not calculate such non-GAAP measures in the same manner as we do. The presentation of this financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation of or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. By disclosing these non-GAAP financial measures, the Company believes it offers investors a greater understanding of, and an enhanced level of transparency into, the means by which the Company s management operates the Company. Any non-GAAP measures should be considered in context with the GAAP financial presentation and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP net earnings, net earnings attributable to common shareholders, or any other measures derived in accordance with GAAP as measures of operating performance or liquidity. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Adjusted Net Earnings Attributable to Common Shareholders 
 
 Adjusted net earnings attributable to common shareholders is a non-GAAP economic measure we use to evaluate financial performance each period. Adjusted net earnings attributable to common shareholders is calculated by adjusting net earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders to eliminate: 
 
 (i) Recognized (gains) and losses, net: the impact of net investment gains/losses, including changes in allowance for expected credit losses and other than temporary impairment OTTI losses, recognized in operations; and the effects of changes in fair value of the reinsurance related embedded derivative and other derivatives, including interest rate swaps and forwards; 
 (ii) Market related liability adjustments: the impacts related to changes in the fair value, including both realized and unrealized gains and losses, of index product related derivatives and embedded derivatives, net of hedging cost; the impact of initial pension risk transfer deferred profit liability losses, including amortization from previously deferred pension risk transfer deferred profit liability losses; and the changes in the fair value of 
 75 

market risk benefits by deferring current period changes and amortizing that amount over the life of the market risk benefit; 
 (iii) Purchase price amortization: the impacts related to the amortization of certain intangibles (internally developed software, trademarks and value of distribution asset and the change in fair value of liabilities recognized as a result of acquisition activities); 
 (iv) Transaction costs: the impacts related to acquisition, integration and merger related items; 
 (v) Other non-recurring, infrequent or unusual items : Management excludes certain items determined to be non-recurring, infrequent or unusual from adjusted net earnings when incurred if it is determined these expenses are not a reflection of the core business and when the nature of the item is such that it is not reasonably likely to recur within two years and/or there was not a similar item in the preceding two years; 
 (vi) Non-controlling interest on non-GAAP adjustments: the portion of the non-GAAP adjustments attributable to the equity interest of entities that F G does not wholly own; and 
 (vii) Income taxes: the income tax impact related to the above-mentioned adjustments is measured using an effective tax rate, as appropriate by tax jurisdiction. 
 
 While these adjustments are an integral part of the overall performance of F G, market conditions and/or the non-operating nature of these items can overshadow the underlying performance of the core business. Accordingly, management considers this to be a useful measure internally and to investors and analysts in analyzing the trends of our operations. Adjusted net earnings should not be used as a substitute for net earnings (loss). However, we believe the adjustments made to net earnings (loss) in order to derive adjusted net earnings provide an understanding of our overall results of operations. 
 
 For example, we could have strong operating results in a given period, yet report net income that is materially less, if during such period the fair value of our derivative assets hedging the indexed annuity and IUL index credit obligations decreased due to general equity market conditions but the embedded derivative liability related to the index credit obligation did not decrease in the same proportion as the derivative assets because of non-equity market factors such as interest rate and non-performance credit spread movements. Similarly, we could also have poor operating results in a given period yet show net earnings (loss) that is materially greater, if during such period the fair value of the derivative assets increased but the embedded derivative liability did not increase in the same proportion as the derivative assets. We hedge our index credits with a combination of static and dynamic strategies, which can result in earnings volatility, the effects of which are generally likely to reverse over time. Our management and board of directors review adjusted net earnings and net earnings (loss) as part of their examination of our overall financial results. However, these examples illustrate the significant impact derivative and embedded derivative movements can have on our net earnings (loss). Accordingly, our management performs a review and analysis of these items, as part of their review of our hedging results each period. 
 
 Amounts attributable to the fair value accounting for derivatives hedging the indexed annuities and IUL index credits and the related embedded derivative liability fluctuate from period to period based upon changes in the derivative s underlying index, changes in the interest rates and non-performance credit spreads used to discount the embedded derivative liability, and the fair value assumptions reflected in the embedded derivative liability. The accounting standards for fair value measurement require the discount rates used in the calculation of the embedded derivative liability to be based on risk-free interest rates adjusted for our non-performance as of the reporting date. The impact of the change in fair values of these derivatives and hedging costs has been removed from net earnings (loss) in calculating adjusted net earnings. 
 
 Assets Under Management AUM 
 
 AUM is comprised of the following components and is reported net of reinsurance assets ceded in accordance with GAAP: 
 (i) total invested assets at amortized cost, excluding investments in unconsolidated affiliates, owned distribution and derivatives; 
 (ii) investments in unconsolidated affiliates at carrying value; 
 76 

(iii) related party loans and investments; 
 (iv) accrued investment income; 
 (v) the net payable/receivable for the purchase/sale of investments; and 
 (vi) cash and cash equivalents excluding derivative collateral at the end of the period. 
 
 Management considers this non-GAAP financial measure to be useful internally and to investors and analysts when assessing the size of our investment portfolio that is retained. 
 
 Average Assets Under Management (AAUM) 
 
 AAUM is calculated as AUM at the beginning of the period and the end of each month in the period, divided by the total number of months in the period plus one. 
 
 Management considers this non-GAAP financial measure to be useful internally and to investors and analysts when assessing the rate of return on retained assets. 
 
 Sales 
 
 Annuity, IUL, funding agreement and non-life contingent PRT sales are not derived from any specific GAAP income statement accounts or line items and should not be viewed as a substitute for any financial measure determined in accordance with GAAP. Sales from these products are recorded as deposit liabilities (i.e., contractholder funds) within the Company's consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Life contingent PRT sales are recorded as premiums in revenues within the consolidated financial statements. Management believes that presentation of sales, as measured for management purposes, enhances the understanding of our business and helps depict longer term trends that may not be apparent in the results of operations due to the timing of sales and revenue recognition. 
 
 Yield on AAUM 
 
 Yield on AAUM is calculated by dividing annualized net investment income by AAUM. Management considers this non-GAAP financial measure to be useful internally and to investors and analysts when assessing the level of return earned on AAUM. 
 77 

Results of Operations 
 The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were as follows (in millions): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Life insurance premiums and other fees 506 582 1,711 1,523 Interest and investment income 712 578 2,012 1,622 Owned distribution revenues 20 61 Recognized gains and (losses), net 206 (309) 401 (257) Total revenues 1,444 851 4,185 2,888 Benefits and expenses Benefits and other changes in policy reserves 1,095 292 2,864 1,921 Market risk benefit (gains) losses 71 (49) 80 (20) Depreciation and amortization 147 108 417 302 Personnel costs 80 58 215 167 Other operating expenses 45 38 149 107 Interest expense 36 24 94 71 Total benefits and expenses 1,474 471 3,819 2,548 Earnings (loss) before income taxes (30) 380 366 340 Income tax (benefit) expense (25) 74 51 99 Net earnings (loss) (5) 306 315 241 Less: Non-controlling interests 1 3 Net earnings (loss) attributable to F G (6) 306 312 241 Less: Preferred stock dividend 4 13 Net earnings (loss) attributable to F G common shareholders (10) 306 299 241 
 
 The following table summarizes sales by product type (in millions) (see Non-GAAP Financial Measures ): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Indexed annuities ("FIA/RILA") 1,847 1,122 4,932 3,557 Fixed rate annuities ("MYGA") 1,655 736 4,457 3,313 Total annuity 3,502 1,858 9,389 6,870 IUL 39 38 125 117 Funding agreements ("FABN/FHLB") 415 1,020 871 PRT 337 470 1,259 1,212 Gross sales 3,878 2,781 11,793 9,070 Sales attributable to flow reinsurance to third parties (1,492) (513) (3,660) (2,381) Net sales 2,386 2,268 8,133 6,689 
 
 Total annuity sales were higher for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting F G's productive and expanding retail distribution through independent agents, banks and broker dealers, enhanced product features and pricing actions taken to align to the macro environment. 
 Funding agreements, reflecting new FABN and FHLB agreements, were lower for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and higher for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, and are subject to fluctuation period to period based on economic conditions and the timing of entering the new agreements. 
 78 

PRT sales decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, reflecting the timing of PRT transactions that are also subject to fluctuation period to period. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we closed three and seven pension risk transfer transactions, respectively. 
 Sales attributable to flow reinsurance to third parties were higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflecting the addition of new reinsurance, the higher level of MYGA sales, and changes in the percentages ceded during the periods. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Life Insurance Premiums and Other Fees 
 
 Life insurance premiums and other fees primarily reflect premiums on life-contingent PRTs and traditional life insurance products, which are recognized as revenue when due from the policyholder, as well as policy rider fees primarily on indexed annuity policies, the cost of insurance on IUL policies and surrender charges assessed against policy withdrawals in excess of the policyholder's allowable penalty-free amounts (up to 10 of the prior year's value, subject to certain limitations). The following table summarizes the Life insurance premiums and other fees, on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in millions), for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Life-contingent pension risk transfer premiums 332 470 1,240 1,207 Traditional life insurance and life-contingent immediate annuity premiums 8 12 29 34 Surrender charges 82 27 195 66 Policyholder fees and other income 84 73 247 216 Life insurance premiums and other fees 
 506 582 1,711 1,523 
 
 Life-contingent pension risk transfer premiums decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, reflecting the timing of PRT transactions. As noted above, PRT premiums are subject to fluctuation period to period. 
 Surrender charges increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflecting increases in withdrawals from policyholders with surrender charges and market value adjustments MVAs ), primarily on our indexed annuities policies. 
 Policyholder fees and other income increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to increased cost of insurance charges, net of changes in unearned revenue liabilities URL on IUL policies from growth in business and higher guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit GMWB rider fees. GMWB rider fees are based on the policyholder's benefit base and are collected at the end of the policy year. 
 79 

Interest and Investment Income 
 
 Below is a summary of interest and investment income (in millions): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale 562 476 1,620 1,356 Equity securities 5 5 16 14 Preferred securities 5 9 18 31 Mortgage loans 69 59 200 167 Invested cash and short-term investments 53 19 115 52 Limited partnerships 83 68 234 169 Other investments 9 5 25 19 Gross investment income 786 641 2,228 1,808 Investment expense (74) (63) (216) (186) Interest and investment income 712 578 2,012 1,622 
 
 Interest and investment income is shown net of amounts attributable to certain funds withheld reinsurance agreements which is passed along to the reinsurer in accordance with the terms of these agreements. Interest and investment income attributable to these agreements, and thus excluded from the totals in the table above, was 181 million and 463 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 102 million and 236 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Our AAUM and yield on AAUM are summarized as follows (annualized) (dollars in millions) (see Non-GAAP Financial Measures ): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 AAUM 52,661 46,463 50,970 45,357 Yield on AAUM (at amortized cost) 5.41 4.98 5.26 4.77 
 
 AAUM was higher for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting net new business asset flows, stable inforce retention and net debt proceeds. 
 Interest and investment income was higher for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to 77 million from invested asset growth and 65 million of all other rate and mix impacts, partially offset by 8 million of lower returns on alternative investments. 
 Interest and investment income was higher for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to 201 million from invested asset growth, 152 million of all other rate and mix impacts and 37 million from returns on alternative investments. 
 
 80 

Owned Distribution Revenues 
 
 Below is a summary of owned distribution revenues (in millions): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Owned distribution revenues 20 61 Total owned distribution revenues 20 61 
 
 Owned distribution revenues represent commissions received from our majority owned distribution partner(s) generated by third-party annuity and life insurance sales. Override and bonus commissions are recognized as revenue upon policy issuance. Owned distribution revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 represent revenues associated with the acquisitions of Roar and PALH, and primarily reflect commission revenues. 

Recognized Gains and (Losses), Net 
 
 Below is a summary of the major components included in recognized gains and (losses), net (in millions): 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity available-for-sale securities, equity securities and other invested assets 14 (11) 99 (88) Change in allowance for expected credit losses (10) (4) (33) (33) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on certain derivatives instruments 377 (327) 515 (170) Change in fair value of reinsurance related embedded derivatives (178) 36 (186) 34 Change in fair value of other derivatives and embedded derivatives 3 (3) 6 Recognized gains and (losses), net 206 (309) 401 (257) 
 
 Recognized gains and (losses), net is shown net of amounts attributable to certain funds withheld reinsurance agreements which is passed along to the reinsurer in accordance with the terms of these agreements. Recognized gains and (losses) attributable to these agreements, and thus excluded from the totals in the table above, was (177) million and (186) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 43 million and 42 million for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity available-for-sale securities, equity securities and other invested assets is primarily the result of mark-to-market gains on our preferred and equity securities. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity available-for-sale securities, equity securities and other invested assets is primarily the result of unrealized FVO gains on owned distribution investments and mark-to-market gains on our preferred and equity securities. 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on fixed maturity available-for-sale securities, equity securities and other invested assets is primarily the result realized losses on fixed maturity available-for-sale securities, partially offset by mark-to-market gains on our equity securities and realized gains on other invested assets. 
 
 For all periods, net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on certain derivative instruments primarily relate to the net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on equity options and futures used to hedge indexed 
 81 

annuity and IUL products, including gains on option and futures expiration and changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps. See the table below for primary drivers of gains (losses) on certain derivatives. 
 
 The fair value of reinsurance related embedded derivative is based on the change in fair value of the underlying assets held in the funds withheld FWH portfolio. 
 
 We utilize a combination of static (equity options) and dynamic (long futures contracts) instruments in our product hedging strategy. A substantial portion of the equity options and futures contracts are based upon the S P 500 Index with the remainder based upon other equity, bond and gold market indices. 
 
 We utilize interest rate swaps to reduce market risks from interest rate changes on our earnings associated with our floating rate investments. 
 
 The components of the realized and unrealized gains (losses) on certain derivative instruments hedging our indexed annuities, universal life products and floating rate investments are summarized in the table below (dollars in millions): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Equity options: Realized gains (losses) 33 (34) 49 (193) Change in unrealized gains (losses) 227 (274) 438 38 Futures contracts: Gains (losses) on futures contracts expiration 1 15 6 Change in unrealized (losses) gains 6 (4) 3 (5) Interest rate swap (losses) gains 114 (19) 9 (19) Other derivative investments Gains (losses) on other derivative investments (4) 4 1 3 Total net change in fair value 377 (327) 515 (170) Annual Point-to-Point Change in S P 500 Index during the periods 6 (4) 34 12 Secured Overnight Financing Rates 4.96 5.31 4.96 5.31 
 
 Realized gains and (losses) on certain derivative instruments are directly correlated to the performance of the indices upon which the equity options and futures contracts are based and the value of the derivatives at the time of expiration compared to the value at the time of purchase. 
 
 The changes in unrealized gains (losses) due to the net changes in fair value of equity options and futures contracts are driven by the underlying performance of the indices (for example, the S P 500 Index) upon which the equity options and futures contracts are based during each respective period relative to the respective indices on the policyholder buy dates. 
 
 The net change in fair value of the interest rate swaps was primarily driven by fluctuations in the interest rate index underlying the swap contracts. 
 82 

The average index credits to policyholders are as follows: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Average Crediting Rate 5 3 4 1 S P 500 Index: Point-to-point strategy 5 3 4 1 Monthly average strategy 4 2 3 1 Monthly point-to-point strategy 5 4 3 year high water mark 3 5 4 8 
 
 Actual amounts credited to contractholder fund balances may differ from the index appreciation due to contractual features in the indexed annuity contracts and certain IUL contracts (caps, spreads and participation rates), which allow us to manage the cost of the options purchased to fund the annual index credits. 
 
 The credits for the periods presented were based on comparing the S P 500 Index on each issue date in the period to the same issue date in the respective prior year periods. 
 
 Benefits and Expenses 
 
 Benefits and Other Changes in Policy Reserves 
 
 Below is a summary of the major components included in Benefits and other changes in policy reserves (in millions): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 PRT agreements 341 479 1,282 1,233 Indexed annuities/IUL market related liability movements 321 (432) 460 56 Index credits, interest credited and bonuses 427 239 1,108 543 Other changes in policy reserves 6 6 14 89 Total benefits and other changes in policy reserves 1,095 292 2,864 1,921 
 
 PRT agreements decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, reflecting the timing of PRT transactions. PRT transactions are subject to fluctuation period to period. 
 
 The indexed annuities/IUL market related liability movements during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, are mainly driven by changes in the equity markets, non-performance spreads, and risk free rates during the periods. The change in risk free rates and non-performance spreads increased (decreased) the indexed annuities market related liability by 255 million and (196) million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. The change in risk free rates and non-performance spreads increased (decreased) the FIA market related liability by 87 million and (190) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The remaining changes in market value of the market related liability movements for all periods was driven by equity market impacts. See Revenues Recognized gains and (losses), net above for summary and discussion of net unrealized gains (losses) on certain derivative instruments. 
 
 Annually, typically in the third quarter, we review assumptions associated with reserves for policy benefits and product guarantees. 
 83 

During the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2024, based on policyholder behavior, experience and interest rate movements, we reflected updates to surrender assumptions for recent and expected near term policyholder behavior, as well as updated certain FIA assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the embedded derivative component within contractholder funds. These changes resulted in decreases in total benefits and other changes in policy reserves of approximately 136 million and 79 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 During the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2023, based on increases in interest rates and pricing changes, we updated certain FIA assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the embedded derivative component within contractholder funds and also aligned reserves to actual policyholder behavior. These changes resulted in a decrease in total benefits and other changes in policy reserves of approximately 23 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and an increase of approximately 74 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Index credits, interest credited and bonuses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were higher compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflecting higher index credits and interest credited on indexed annuities and other policies as a result of market movement during the respective periods and higher interest credited associated with the growth in PRT agreements. 
 
 Market Risk Benefit (Gains) Losses 
 
 Below is a summary of market risk benefit (gains) losses (in millions): 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Market risk benefit (gains) losses 71 (49) 80 (20) 
 
 Market risk benefit (gains) losses is primarily driven by attributed fees collected, effects of market related movements (including changes in equity markets and risk-free rates), actual policyholder behavior as compared with expected and changes in assumptions during the periods. 
 
 Changes in market risk benefit (gains) losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflect changes in market related movements for the respective periods. 
 
 In addition, as a result of our annual actuarial assumption update process, we updated GMWB rider assumptions for emerging utilization rates related to policyholder behavior. These updates resulted in market risk benefit losses of 24 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Below is a summary of the major components included in depreciation and amortization (in millions): 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Amortization of DAC, VOBA and DSI 127 101 364 280 Amortization of other intangible assets and fixed asset depreciation 20 7 53 22 Total depreciation and amortization 147 108 417 302 
 
 DAC, VOBA and DSI are amortized on a constant level basis for the grouped contracts over the expected term of the related contracts to approximate straight-line amortization. Amortization of DAC, VOBA and 
 84 

DSI increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflecting increased DAC and DSI associated with the growth of the business. In addition, as a result of our annual actuarial assumption update process, amortization rates on some DAC and DSI balances increased primarily for indexed annuities. Amortization of VOBA also increased approximately 15 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflecting other actuarial model updates and refinements. 
 
 Amortization of other intangible assets and fixed asset depreciation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included amortization of other intangible assets from our majority owned interests in Roar and PALH. 
 Personnel Costs and Other Operating Expenses 
 
 Below is a summary of personnel costs and other operating expenses (in millions): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Personnel costs 80 58 215 167 Other operating expenses 45 38 149 107 Total personnel costs and other operating expenses 125 96 364 274 
 
 Personnel costs and other operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were higher compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting costs in line with the growth in sales and assets along with continued investments in our operating platform. In addition, the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes 10 million and 28 million, respectively, from our majority owned interests in Roar and PALH. 
 
 Interest expense 
 
 Below is a summary of interest expense (in millions): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest expense 36 24 94 71 Total interest expense 36 24 94 71 
 
 Interest expense increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflecting interest on the debt issuances in December 2023 and June 2024, partially offset by lower interest resulting from a partial repayment of the 5.5 F G Notes in June 2024 and lower balances on the revolving credit facility. 
 85 

Other Items Affecting Net Earnings 
 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 
 Below is a summary of the major components included in income tax expense (benefit) (dollars in millions): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Earnings (loss) before taxes (30) 380 366 340 Income tax (benefit) expense before valuation allowance (11) 79 63 65 Change in valuation allowance (14) (5) (12) 34 Income tax (benefit) expense (25) 74 51 99 Effective rate 83 19 14 29 
 
 Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 25 million, compared to income tax expense of 74 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate was 83 and 19 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in income tax expense period over period is primarily related to the decrease in pre-tax income. 
 
 Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 51 million, compared to income tax expense of 99 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate was 14 and 29 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. The decrease in income tax expense period over period is primarily related to the change in the valuation allowance expense. 
 
 Adjusted Net Earnings (See Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The table below shows the adjustments made to reconcile Net earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders to Adjusted net earnings attributable to common shareholders (in millions): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders (10) 306 299 241 Non-GAAP adjustments: Recognized (gains) and losses, net Net realized and unrealized (gains) losses on fixed maturity available-for-sale securities, equity securities and other invested assets (15) 14 (100) 89 Change in allowance for expected credit losses 10 5 32 33 Change in fair value of reinsurance related embedded derivatives 178 (36) 186 (34) Change in fair value of other derivatives and embedded derivatives (127) 13 (58) 12 Recognized (gains) losses, net 46 (4) 60 100 Market related liability adjustments 145 (237) 19 (95) Purchase price amortization 22 5 63 16 Transaction costs and other non-recurring items 1 (3) 3 Non-controlling interest (3) (8) Income taxes adjustment (44) 49 (27) (5) Adjusted net earnings attributable to common shareholders 156 120 403 260 
 86 

The commentary below is intended to provide additional information on the significant income and expense items that help explain the trends in our adjusted net earnings for each time period, as we believe these items provide further clarity to the financial performance of the business. 
 
 Adjusted net earnings of 156 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 included 131 million of investment income from alternative investments, 21 million of CLO redemptions and bond prepay income, and 14 million tax valuation allowance, partially offset by 17 million of net expense from actuarial assumption updates. Alternative investments investment income based on management s long-term expected return of approximately 10 was 172 million. 
 
 Adjusted net earnings of 120 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 included 114 million of investment income from alternative investments. Alternative investments investment income based on management s long-term expected return of approximately 10 was 142 million. 
 
 Adjusted net earnings of 403 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included 376 million of investment income from alternative investments, 31 million of CLO redemptions and bond prepay income, and 14 million tax valuation allowance, partially offset by 33 million of net expense from actuarial assumption and model updates. Alternative investments investment income based on management s long-term expected return of approximately 10 was 489 million. 
 
 Adjusted net earnings of 260 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included 295 million of investment income from alternative investments and 5 million of bond prepay income, offset by 37 million tax valuation allowance. Alternative investments investment income based on management s long-term expected return of approximately 10 was 411 million.. 
 
 87 

Investment Portfolio 
 
 The types of assets in which we may invest are influenced by various state laws, which prescribe qualified investment assets applicable to insurance companies. Within the parameters of these laws, we invest in assets giving consideration to four primary investment objectives: (i) maintain robust absolute returns; (ii) provide reliable yield and investment income; (iii) preserve capital; and (iv) provide liquidity to meet policyholder and other corporate obligations. 
 
 Our investment portfolio is designed to contribute stable earnings, excluding short term mark to market effects, and balance risk across diverse asset classes and is primarily invested in high quality fixed income securities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of our investment portfolio was approximately 59 billion and 52 billion, respectively, and was divided among the following asset classes and sectors (dollars in millions): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Percent Fair Value Percent Fixed maturity securities, available for sale: United States Government full faith and credit 352 1 261 1 United States Government sponsored entities 31 31 United States municipalities, states and territories 1,473 2 1,567 3 Foreign Governments 206 226 Corporate securities: Finance, insurance and real estate 8,622 15 6,895 13 Manufacturing, construction and mining 1,416 2 947 2 Utilities, energy and related sectors 2,888 5 2,374 5 Wholesale/retail trade 3,109 5 2,433 5 Services, media and other 4,576 8 3,930 8 Hybrid securities 596 1 618 1 Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities 2,560 4 2,393 5 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 5,124 9 4,410 9 Asset-backed securities 10,206 17 8,929 17 Collateral loan obligations 
 5,750 10 5,405 10 Total fixed maturity available for sale securities 46,909 79 40,419 79 Equity securities (a) 435 1 606 1 Limited partnerships: Private equity 1,839 3 1,277 2 Real assets 533 1 463 1 Credit 1,018 2 1,039 2 Limited Partnerships 3,390 6 2,779 5 Commercial mortgage loans 2,342 4 2,253 4 Residential mortgage loans 2,830 5 2,545 5 Other (primarily derivatives, company owned life insurance and unconsolidated owned distribution investments) 2,352 4 1,697 3 Short term investments 681 1 1,452 3 Total investments 58,939 100 51,751 100 
 (a) Includes investment grade non-redeemable preferred stocks 239 million and 428 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively). 
 Insurance statutes regulate the type of investments that our life insurance subsidiaries are permitted to make and limit the amount of funds that may be used for any one type of investment. In light of these statutes and regulations, and our business and investment strategy, we generally seek to invest in primarily high-grade fixed-income assets across a wide range of sectors, including Corporate securities, U.S. Government and government-sponsored agency securities, and Structured securities, among others. 
 
 88 

The NAIC s Securities Valuation Office SVO is responsible for the day-to-day credit quality assessment and valuation of securities owned by state regulated insurance companies. Insurance companies report ownership of securities to the SVO when such securities are eligible for regulatory filings. The SVO conducts credit analysis on these securities for the purpose of assigning an NAIC designation or unit price. Typically, if a security has been rated by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization NRSRO ), the SVO utilizes that rating and assigns an NAIC designation based upon the NAIC published comparison of NRSRO ratings to NAIC designations. 
 
 The NAIC determines ratings for non-agency Residential Mortgage-backed Securities RMBS and commercial mortgage-backed securities using modeling that estimates security level expected losses under a variety of economic scenarios. For such assets issued prior to January 1, 2013, an insurer s amortized cost basis in applicable assets can impact the assigned rating. In the tables below, we present the rating of structured securities based on ratings from the NAIC rating methodologies described above (which in some cases do not correspond to rating agency designations). All NAIC designations (e.g., NAIC 1-6) are based on the NAIC methodologies. 
 
 The following table summarizes the credit quality by NRSRO rating, or NAIC designation equivalent, of our fixed income portfolio (dollars in millions) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 NRSRO Rating NAIC Designation Amortized Cost Fair Value Fair Value Percent Amortized Cost Fair Value Fair Value Percent AAA/AA/A 1 31,037 29,764 64 28,052 26,170 65 BBB 2 15,726 15,028 32 13,421 12,302 30 BB 3 1,647 1,600 3 1,633 1,554 4 B 4 377 334 1 268 215 1 CCC 5 113 78 103 72 CC and lower 6 126 105 124 106 Total 
 49,026 46,909 100 43,601 40,419 100 
 
 Investment Concentrations 
 The tables below present the top ten structured security and industry categories of our fixed maturity and equity securities including the fair value and percent of total fixed maturity and equity securities fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (dollars in millions). 
 September 30, 2024 Top 10 Concentrations Fair Value Percent of Total Fair Value Asset backed securities ("ABS") other 10,206 22 Collateralized loan obligation ("CLO") securities 5,750 12 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 5,124 11 Diversified financial services 4,416 9 Whole loan collateralized mortgage obligation 2,498 5 Banking 2,008 4 Insurance 1,791 4 Municipal 1,491 3 Electric 1,295 3 Pharmaceuticals 751 2 Total 
 35,330 75 
 
 89 

December 31, 2023 Top 10 Concentrations Fair Value Percent of Total Fair Value ABS other 8,929 22 CLO securities 5,405 13 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 4,410 11 Diversified financial services 3,272 8 Banking 2,048 5 Whole loan collateralized mortgage obligation 2,043 5 Municipal 1,600 4 Insurance 1,567 4 Electric 1,086 3 Telecommunications 696 2 Total 31,056 77 
 The amortized cost and fair value of fixed maturity available-for-sale AFS securities by contractual maturities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (dollars in millions), are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Corporate, Non-structured Hybrids, Municipal, Foreign and U.S. Government securities: Due in one year or less 451 450 383 374 Due after one year through five years 3,945 3,943 3,207 3,129 Due after five years through ten years 4,570 4,571 2,822 2,680 Due after ten years 16,169 14,274 15,333 13,068 Subtotal 25,135 23,238 21,745 19,251 Other securities, which provide for periodic payments: Asset-backed securities 15,979 15,956 14,623 14,334 Commercial-mortgage-backed securities 5,304 5,124 4,732 4,410 Residential mortgage-backed securities 2,608 2,591 2,501 2,424 Subtotal 23,891 23,671 21,856 21,168 Total fixed maturity available-for-sale securities 
 49,026 46,909 43,601 40,419 
 
 Non-Agency RMBS Exposure 
 
 Our investment in non-agency RMBS securities is predicated on the conservative and adequate cushion between purchase price and NAIC 1 rating, general lack of sensitivity to interest rates, positive convexity to prepayment rates and correlation between the price of the securities and the unfolding recovery of the housing market. 
 
 The fair value of our investments in subprime securities and Alt-A RMBS securities were 30 million and 46 million as of September 30, 2024, respectively, and 33 million and 49 million as of December 31, 2023, respectively. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately 95 of the subprime and Alt-A RMBS exposures were rated NAIC 2 or higher. 
 
 ABS and CLO Exposures 
 
 Our ABS exposures are largely diversified by underlying collateral and issuer type. Our CLO exposures are generally senior tranches of CLOs which have leveraged loans as their underlying collateral. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the CLO and ABS positions were trading at a net unrealized gain of 103 million and a net unrealized loss of 114 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the CLO and ABS positions were trading at a net unrealized gain of 65 million and a net unrealized loss of 344 million, respectively. 
 90 

The following table summarizes the credit quality by NRSRO rating, or NAIC designation equivalent, of our AFS ABS portfolio (dollars in millions) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Percent Fair Value Percent NRSRO Rating NAIC Designation AAA/AA/A 1 7,888 78 7,023 79 BBB 2 1,665 16 1,375 15 BB 3 479 5 418 5 B 4 128 1 59 1 CCC 5 7 13 CC and lower 6 39 41 Total 10,206 100 8,929 100 
 
 The following table summarizes the credit quality by NRSRO rating, or NAIC designation equivalent, of our AFS CLO portfolio (dollars in millions) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Percent Fair Value Percent NRSRO Rating NAIC Designation AAA/AA/A 1 3,826 67 3,288 61 BBB 2 1,442 25 1,582 29 BB 3 431 7 480 9 B 4 10 17 CCC 5 CC and lower 6 41 1 38 1 Total 5,750 100 5,405 100 
 
 Municipal Bond Exposure 
 
 Our municipal bond exposure is a combination of general obligation bonds (fair value of 217 million and 231 million and an amortized cost of 248 million and 268 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) and special revenue bonds (fair value of 1,256 million and 1,334 million and an amortized cost of 1,387 million and 1,506 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively). 
 
 Across all municipal bonds, the largest issuer represented 5 of the category for both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and is rated NAIC 1. Our focus within municipal bonds is on NAIC 1 rated instruments, and 98 of our municipal bond exposure is rated NAIC 1 at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 
 We diversify our commercial mortgage loans CMLs portfolio by geographic region and property type to attempt to reduce concentration risk. We continuously evaluate CMLs based on relevant current information to ensure properties are performing at a level to secure the related debt. Loan-to-value LTV and debt-service coverage DSC ratios are utilized to assess the risk and quality of CMLs. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our mortgage loans on real estate portfolio had a weighted average DSC ratio of 2.3 times, and a weighted average LTV ratio of 57 and 55 , respectively. 
 91 

We consider a CML delinquent when a loan payment is greater than 30 days past due. For mortgage loans that are determined to require foreclosure, the carrying value is reduced to the fair value of the underlying collateral, net of estimated costs to obtain and sell at the point of foreclosure. As of September 30, 2024, we had one CML that was delinquent in principal or interest payments compared to none at December 31, 2023. We had no CMLs in the process of foreclosure as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. See Note C - Investments to the unaudited Condensed Financial Statements included in this report for additional information on our CMLs, including our distribution by property type, geographic region, LTV and DSC ratios. 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans 
 
 Our residential mortgage loans RMLs are closed end, amortizing loans, and 100 of the properties are in the United States. We diversify our RML portfolio by state to attempt to reduce concentration risk. RMLs have a primary credit quality indicator of either a performing or non-performing loan. We define non-performing RMLs as those that are 90 or more days past due and/or in non-accrual status. 
 
 Loans are placed on non-accrual status when they are over 90 days delinquent. If a loan becomes over 90 days delinquent, it is our general policy to initiate foreclosure proceedings unless a workout arrangement to bring the loan current can be put in place. See Note C Investments to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on our RMLs. 
 
 Unrealized Losses 
 
 The amortized cost and fair value of the fixed maturity securities and the equity securities that were in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were as follows (dollars in millions): 
 September 30, 2024 Number of Securities Amortized Cost Allowance for Expected Credit Losses Unrealized Losses Fair Value Fixed maturity securities, available for sale: United States Government full faith and credit 13 269 (2) 267 United States Government sponsored agencies 55 27 (3) 24 United States municipalities, states and territories 152 1,312 (182) 1,130 Foreign Governments 40 179 (34) 145 Corporate securities: Finance, insurance and real estate 490 4,546 (520) 4,026 Manufacturing, construction and mining 108 911 (111) 800 Utilities, energy and related sectors 319 2,384 (417) 1,967 Wholesale/retail trade 308 2,057 (360) 1,697 Services, media and other 435 3,370 (664) 2,706 Hybrid securities 25 459 (19) 440 Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities 197 728 (1) (74) 653 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 300 2,249 (21) (191) 2,037 Asset-backed securities 376 4,411 (9) (275) 4,127 Total fixed maturity available for sale securities 2,818 22,902 (31) (2,852) 20,019 Equity securities 30 354 (73) 281 Total investments 2,848 23,256 (31) (2,925) 20,300 
 92 

December 31, 2023 Number of Securities Amortized Cost Allowance for Expected Credit Losses Unrealized Losses Fair Value Fixed maturity securities, available for sale: United States Government full faith and credit 8 15 (1) 14 United States Government sponsored agencies 56 30 (3) 27 United States municipalities, states and territories 180 1,498 (222) 1,276 Foreign Governments 50 209 (39) 170 Corporate securities: Finance, insurance and real estate 637 5,529 (690) 4,839 Manufacturing, construction and mining 117 965 (135) 830 Utilities, energy and related sectors 316 2,402 (471) 1,931 Wholesale/retail trade 332 2,165 (397) 1,768 Services, media and other 401 3,370 (686) 2,684 Hybrid securities 36 597 (53) 544 Non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities 244 1,118 (2) (101) 1,015 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 435 3,198 (22) (323) 2,853 Asset-backed securities 800 8,078 (9) (470) 7,599 Total fixed maturity available for sale securities 3,612 29,174 (33) (3,591) 25,550 Equity securities 41 567 (100) 467 Total investments 3,653 29,741 (33) (3,691) 26,017 
 
 The gross unrealized loss position on the fixed maturity available-for-sale fixed and equity portfolio was 2,925 million and 3,691 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Most components of the portfolio exhibited price depreciation caused primarily by higher treasury rates. The total amortized cost of all securities in an unrealized loss position was 23,256 million and 29,741 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The average market value/book value of the investment category with the largest unrealized loss position was 80 for services, media and other as of September 30, 2024. In the aggregate, services, media and other represented 23 of the total unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024. The average market value/book value of the investment category with the largest unrealized loss position was 88 for finance, insurance and real estate as of December 31, 2023. In aggregate, finance, insurance and real estate represented 19 of the total unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 The amortized cost and fair value of fixed maturity available for sale securities under watch list analysis and the number of months in a loss position with investment grade securities (NRSRO rating of BBB/Baa or higher) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, were as follows (dollars in millions): 
 September 30, 2024 Number of Securities Amortized Cost Fair Value Allowance for Credit Loss Gross Unrealized Losses Investment grade: Less than six months 1 4 4 Six months or more and less than twelve months Twelve months or greater 51 795 554 (241) Total investment grade 52 799 558 (241) Below investment grade: Less than six months Six months or more and less than twelve months Twelve months or greater 4 59 36 (23) Total below investment grade 4 59 36 (23) Total 
 56 858 594 (264) 
 93 

December 31, 2023 Number of Securities Amortized Cost Fair Value Allowance for Credit Loss Gross Unrealized Losses Investment grade: Less than six months 1 15 14 (1) Six months or more and less than twelve months 1 54 44 (10) Twelve months or greater 47 634 444 (190) Total investment grade 49 703 502 (201) Below investment grade: Less than six months Six months or more and less than twelve months Twelve months or greater 3 19 15 (4) Total below investment grade 3 19 15 (4) Total 52 722 517 (205) 
 
 Expected Credit Losses and Watch List 
 
 We prepare a watch list to identify securities to evaluate for expected credit losses. Factors used in preparing the watch list include fair values relative to amortized cost, ratings and negative ratings actions and other factors. Detailed analysis is performed for each security on the watch list to further assess the presence of credit impairment loss indicators and, where present, calculate an allowance for expected credit loss or direct write-down of a security s amortized cost. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, our watch list included 56 securities in an unrealized loss position with an amortized cost of 858 million, no allowance for expected credit losses, unrealized losses of 264 million and a fair value of 594 million. 
 
 At December 31, 2023, our watch list included 52 securities in an unrealized loss position with an amortized cost of 722 million, no allowance for expected credit losses, unrealized losses of 205 million and a fair value of 517 million. 
 
 The watch list excludes structured securities as we have separate processes to evaluate the credit quality on the structured securities. 
 
 There were 101 and 101 structured securities with a fair value of 500 million and 316 million to which we had potential credit exposure as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Our analysis of these structured securities, which included cash flow testing, resulted in allowances for expected credit losses of 62 million and 35 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Exposure to Sovereign Debt and Certain Other Exposures 
 
 Our investment portfolio had an immaterial amount of direct exposure to European sovereign debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We have no exposure to investments in Russia or Ukraine and de minimis investments in peripheral countries in the region. 
 
 Interest and Investment Income 
 
 For discussion regarding our interest and investment income and recognized gains and (losses), net, refer to Note C - Investments to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 94 

AFS Securities 
 
 For additional information regarding our AFS securities, including the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains (losses), and fair value as well as the amortized cost and fair value of fixed maturity AFS securities by contractual maturities, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, refer to Note C - Investments to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Concentrations of Financial Instruments 
 
 For certain information regarding our concentrations of financial instruments, refer to Note C - Investments to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Derivatives 
 
 We are exposed to credit loss in the event of non-performance by our counterparties on derivative instruments. We attempt to reduce this credit risk by purchasing such derivative instruments from large, well-established financial institutions. 
 
 We also hold Cash and cash equivalents received from counterparties for derivative instrument collateral, as well as U.S. Government securities pledged as derivative instrument collateral, if our counterparty s net exposures exceed pre-determined thresholds. 
 
 We are required to pay counterparties the effective federal funds rate each day for cash collateral posted to F G for daily mark-to-market margin changes. We reduce the negative interest cost associated with cash collateral posted from counterparties under various ISDA agreements by reinvesting derivative cash collateral. This program permits collateral cash received to be invested in short term Treasury securities, bank deposits and commercial paper rated A1/P1, which are included in Cash and cash equivalents in the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 See Note D - Derivative Financial Instruments to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding our derivatives and our exposure to credit loss on derivatives. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity refers to the ability of an enterprise to generate adequate amounts of cash from its normal operations to meet cash requirements with a prudent margin of safety. Our principal sources of cash flow from operating activities are annuity considerations, insurance premiums, and fees and investment income. We also generate cash inflows from investing activities resulting from maturities and sales of invested assets and from financing activities including inflows on our investment-type products, proceeds from borrowing activities and issuances of preferred stock. Our operating activities provided cash of 4,679 million and 3,612 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. When considering our liquidity and cash flow, it is important to distinguish between the needs of our insurance subsidiaries and the needs of the holding company, F G Annuities Life, Inc. As a holding company with no operations of its own, F G Annuities Life, Inc. derives its cash primarily from its insurance subsidiaries and CF Bermuda Holdings Ltd. CF Bermuda ), a Bermuda exempted limited liability company and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of the Company, a downstream holding company that provides additional sources of liquidity. Dividends from our insurance subsidiaries flow through CF Bermuda to F G Annuities Life, Inc. F G Cayman Re, a licensed class D insurer in the Cayman Islands and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of the Company, could also provide dividends directly to F G Annuities Life, Inc. 
 
 The sources of liquidity of the holding company are principally comprised of dividends from subsidiaries, lines of credit (at the F G Annuities Life, Inc. level), existing surplus notes, investment income on holding company 
 95 

assets and the ability to raise long-term public financing under an SEC-filed registration statement or private placement offering. These sources of liquidity and cash flow support the general corporate needs of the holding company, interest and debt service, funding acquisitions and investment in core businesses. 
 
 On January 2, 2024, F G acquired a 70 majority ownership stake in the equity of Roar. Total initial consideration is comprised of cash of approximately 269 million, and under the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company has agreed to make cash payments of up to approximately 90 million over a three-year period upon the achievement of certain earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA milestones of Roar. 
 
 On January 12, 2024, we completed a 250 million preferred stock investment from FNF. Net proceeds from the investment have been used to support the growth of F G s assets under management. Under the terms of the agreement, FNF agreed to invest 250 million in exchange for 5,000,000 shares of F G s 6.875 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, liquidation preference of 50.00 per share (the FNF Preferred Stock ). Unless earlier converted at the option of the holder, each outstanding share of the FNF Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of F G common stock on January 15, 2027. Generally, no dividends will be declared or paid on F G common stock and no common stock can be acquired by F G unless all preferred dividends are declared and paid on the outstanding FNF Preferred Stock. 
 
 The offer and the sale of the FNF Preferred Stock were made in a private placement pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The agreement was negotiated pursuant to market terms and pricing by a Special Committee of F G s Board of Directors comprised of independent members of the Board, in consultation with an independent financial advisor and independent legal counsel. 
 
 On February 16, 2024, F G entered into an amendment and extension of its existing senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The maturity date of the Credit Agreement has been extended by approximately two years from November 22, 2025 to November 22, 2027. Total borrowing availability increased from 665 million to 750 million. Pricing and advance rates remain unchanged. Financial covenants also remain essentially the same. 
 
 On June 4, 2024, F G completed its public offering of 550 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.50 Senior Notes due 2029 (the 6.50 F G Notes ). The 6.50 F G Notes are guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by each of F G s subsidiaries that are guarantors of F G s obligations under its existing credit agreement. A portion of the net proceeds were used to finance a cash tender offer by its wholly owned subsidiary Fidelity Guaranty Life Holdings, Inc. FGLH for an aggregate principal amount of 250 million of FGLH s 5.50 Senior Notes due 2025 (the 5.50 F G Notes ). F G intends to use the remaining net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes, which may include the repurchase, redemption or repayment at maturity of outstanding indebtedness. The 6.50 F G Notes were registered under the Securities Act of 1934 (as amended) (the Securities Act ). 
 
 On July 18, 2024, F G acquired a 100 ownership stake in the equity of PALH, LLC PALH ). PALH markets and sells life insurance and annuity products of various insurance carriers to individuals through a network of agents. Prior to the acquisition date, PALH owned a 70 ownership stake in an operating company of which F G owned 30 equity. Total consideration of approximately 314 million is comprised of cash of 215 million, settlement of a prepaid asset of 8 million, acquisition date fair value of the previously held interests of 92 million, net of 1 million cash acquired. 
 
 Cash Requirements. Our current cash requirements include personnel costs, operating expenses, benefit payments, funding agreement payments, taxes, payments of interest and principal on our debt, capital expenditures, business acquisitions, stock repurchases and dividends on our common stock. During the first nine months of 2024, we paid common and preferred dividends of approximately 88 million. 
 
 On November 6, 2024, our Board of Directors declared (a) a quarterly cash dividend of 0.8594 per share on the FNF Preferred Stock for the period from October 15, 2024 to and excluding January 15, 2025, to be paid on 
 96 

January 15, 2025, to FNF Preferred Stock record holders on January 1, 2025 and, (b) a quarterly cash dividend of 0.22 per common share, payable on December 31, 2024, to F G common shareholders of record as of December 17, 2024. 
 
 There are no restrictions on our retained earnings regarding our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders, although there are limits on the ability of certain subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, as described below. As discussed above, there are certain conditions on the declaration and payment of dividends pursuant to our recent preferred stock issuance. The declaration of any future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 
 
 There were no purchases of stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the total remaining authorization of F G common stock that may be repurchased was approximately 32 million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had Cash and cash equivalents of 3,539 million and 1,563 million, respectively, short term investments of 681 million and 1,452 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 we had 385 million of remaining capacity under our revolving credit facility and 200 million of capacity under our revolving credit facility with FNF (the FNF Credit Facility ). No amount was outstanding under the FNF Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024. Refer to Financing Arrangements below and Note L - Notes Payable of the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I - Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information regarding our borrowings. 
 
 Our two significant sources of internally generated funds are dividends and other payments from our subsidiaries. As a holding company, we receive cash from our subsidiaries in the form of dividends and as reimbursement for operating and other administrative expenses we incur. The reimbursements are paid within the guidelines of management agreements among us and our subsidiaries. As discussed below, our insurance subsidiaries are restricted by state regulation and other laws in their ability to pay dividends and make distributions. As of December 31, 2023, approximately 4.2 billion of our net assets were restricted from dividend payments without prior approval from the relevant departments of insurance. 
 
 The maximum dividend permitted by law is not necessarily indicative of an insurer s actual ability to pay dividends, which may be constrained by business and regulatory considerations, such as the impact of dividends on surplus, which could affect an insurer s ratings or competitive position, the amount of premiums that can be written and the ability to pay future dividends. 
 
 Dividend and Other Distribution Payment Limitations 
 
 The insurance laws of Iowa and New York regulate the amount of dividends that may be paid in any year by FGL Insurance and FGL NY Insurance, respectively. Likewise, the insurance laws of Bermuda limit the maximum amount of annual dividends and distributions that may be paid or distributed by F G Life Re without prior regulatory approval and those of the Cayman Islands require that, among other things, F G Cayman Re maintain minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus and liquidity, meet solvency standards, submit to periodic examinations of its financial condition and restrict payments of dividends and reductions of capital. Please refer to Note O - Insurance Subsidiary Financial Information and Regulatory Matters included in Part I - Item I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional details on dividends from insurance subsidiaries, statutory capital and risk-based capital. 
 
 Cash Flow From our Operations 
 
 Cash flow from our operations will be used for general corporate purposes including to reinvest in operations, repay debt, pay dividends, repurchase stock, pursue other strategic initiatives and/or conserve cash. 
 
 Operating Cash Flow . Our cash flows provided by operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, were 4,679 million and 3,612 million, respectively. Cash provided by operations for the 
 97 

nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 included approximately 954 million and 655 million of net cash received for PRT transactions, respectively, included in the change in future policy benefits. 
 
 Investing Cash Flows. Our cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, were 5,145 million and, 5,654 million, respectively, primarily reflecting net purchases of investments. Cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included net cash outflows of 482 million for the Roar and PALH acquisitions. 
 
 Financing Cash Flows. Our cash flows provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, were 2,442 million and 2,824 million, respectively and reflected higher net contractholder deposits in 2024, as compared to 2023. Contractholder account deposits and withdrawals in 2024 included FABN issuances of approximately 600 million and withdrawals of 791 million as compared to no FABN issuances and withdrawals of 41 million for 2023. In addition, cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included borrowing proceeds of 550 million, a portion of which were used to finance a 250 million cash tender offer, and proceeds of 250 million from the issuance of the FNF Preferred Stock, all discussed above. Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included borrowing proceeds of 500 million partially offset by a net partial revolver paydown of 35 million. 
 
 Financing Arrangements. For a description of our financing arrangements see Note L - Notes Payable to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details on unfunded commitments. 
 
 Reinsurance. See Note E - Reinsurance to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on our reinsurance. 
 
 Preferred and Equity Security Investments. Our preferred and equity security investments may be subject to significant volatility. Currently prevailing accounting standards require us to record the change in fair value of preferred and equity security investments held as of any given period end within earnings. Our results of operations in future periods are anticipated to be subject to such volatility. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. Throughout our history, we have entered in indemnifications in the ordinary course of business with our customers, suppliers, service providers, business partners and in certain instances, when we sold businesses. Additionally, we have indemnified our directors and officers who are, or were, serving at our request in such capacities. Although the specific terms or number of such arrangements is not precisely known due to the extensive history of our past operations, costs incurred to settle claims related to these indemnifications have not been material to our financial statements. We have no reason to believe that future costs to settle claims related to our former operations will have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We have unfunded commitments as of September 30, 2024 based upon the timing of when investments and agreements are executed or signed compared to when the actual commitments are funded or closed. Some investments require that funding occur over a period of months or years. Please refer to Note C - Investments and Note N - Commitments and Contingencies to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details on unfunded commitments. 
 
 FHLB Collateral. We are currently a member of the FHLB and are required to maintain a collateral deposit that backs any funding agreements issued. We use these funding agreements as part of a spread enhancement strategy. We have the ability to obtain funding from the FHLB based on a percentage of the value of our assets, subject to the availability of eligible collateral. Collateral is pledged based on the outstanding balances of FHLB funding agreements. The amount of funding varies based on the type, rating and maturity of the collateral posted to the FHLB. Generally, U.S. government agency notes, mortgage-backed securities, municipal bonds, and commercial and residential whole loans are pledged to the FHLB as collateral. Market value fluctuations resulting from changes in interest rates, spreads and other risk factors for each type of asset are monitored and additional collateral is either pledged or released as needed. 
 
 98 

Our borrowing capacity under these credit facilities does not have an expiration date as long as we maintain a satisfactory level of creditworthiness based on the FHLB s credit assessment. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 2,853 million and 2,514 million, respectively, in FHLB non-putable funding agreements included under contractholder funds on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had assets with a fair value of approximately 5,123 million and 4,345 million, respectively, which collateralized the FHLB funding agreements. Assets pledged to the FHLB are primarily included in fixed maturities, AFS, on our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Collateral-Derivative Contracts. Under the terms of our ISDA agreements, we may receive from, or deliver to, counterparties collateral to assure that all terms of the ISDA agreements will be met with regard to the Credit Support Annex CSA ). The terms of the CSA call for us to pay interest on any cash received equal to the federal funds rate. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, 1,353 million, and 775 million, respectively, of collateral was posted by our counterparties as they did not meet the net exposure thresholds. Collateral requirements are monitored on a daily basis and incorporate changes in market values of both the derivatives contract as well as the collateral pledged. Market value fluctuations are due to changes in interest rates, spreads and other risk factors. 
 
 Our cash flows associated with collateral received from and posted with counterparties change as the market value of the underlying derivative contract changes. As the value of a derivative asset declines (or increases), the collateral required to be posted by our counterparties would also decline (or increase). Likewise, when the value of a derivative liability declines (or increases), the collateral we are required to post to our counterparties would also decline (or increase). 
 
 Subsequent Event. On October 4, 2024, F G completed its public offering of 500 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.250 Senior Notes due 2034 (the 6.250 F G Notes ). The 6.250 F G Notes are guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by each of F G s subsidiaries that are guarantors of F G s obligations under its existing credit agreement. A portion of the net proceeds were used to pay off the outstanding balance of 365 million on the Company s revolving credit facility. F G intends to use the remaining net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes, including the support of organic growth opportunities. 

Guarantor Financial Information 
 
 Our 2024 issuance of the 6.50 F G Notes and the 2023 issuances of the 7.40 F G Notes and the 7.95 F G Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior, unsecured, unsubordinated basis, jointly and severally, by each of our existing and future direct and indirect subsidiaries that are guarantors of our obligations under the credit agreement (collectively, the obligor group ). Refer to Note L - Notes Payable of the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I - Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information regarding these borrowings. 
 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 4, 2024 F G completed its public offering of 500 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.250 Senior Notes due 2034 (the 6.250 F G Notes ). The 6.250 F G Notes are guaranteed on an unsecured, unsubordinated basis by each of F G s subsidiaries that are guarantors of F G s obligations under its existing credit agreements. A portion of the net proceeds were used to payoff the outstanding balance of 365 million on the Company s revolving credit facility. 
 
 Set forth below is summarized unaudited financial information of the obligor group, as presented on a combined basis (dollars in millions). Intercompany transactions and balances within the obligor group have been eliminated. In addition, financial information of any non-guarantor subsidiaries, which would normally be consolidated by either F G or the guarantors under GAAP, has been excluded from such presentation. 
 99 

Nine months ended Year ended September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Summarized Statement of Operations: Total revenues 55 (5) Total expenses (88) (94) Income tax (expense) benefit 11 (1) Net earnings (loss) (22) (100) Summarized Balance Sheet: September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Investments 357 532 Cash and cash equivalents 114 322 Goodwill 1,725 1,725 Due from non-guarantor affiliates 74 64 Other assets 37 33 Total assets 2,307 2,676 Notes payable 2,038 1,754 Other liabilities 106 145 Total liabilities 2,144 1,899 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 In the normal course of business, we are routinely subject to a variety of risks, as described in "Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors " included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and, as applicable, Part II - Item 1A. Risk Factors included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The risks related to our business also include certain market risks that may affect our financial instruments and certain liabilities. 
 
 At present, we face the market risks associated with our marketable equity securities, liability for Contractholder Funds, and balances for MRBs which are subject to equity price volatility and with interest rate movements on our fixed income investments and liabilities for debt, FPBs, MRBs, and Contractholder Funds. 
 
 We regularly assess these market risks and have established policies and business practices designed to protect against the adverse effects of these exposures. 
 
 Additionally, financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash equivalents, derivatives and short-term investments. We require placement of cash in financial institutions evaluated as highly creditworthy. 
 
 For information about our enterprise risk management and a description of our market risk exposures, including strategies used to manage our exposure to market risk, see "Part II - Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk " included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , there were no material changes to our market risk exposures from those previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 , except as described below. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 An increase in the levels of interest rates of 100 basis points, with all other variables held constant, would result in a decr ease in the fair value of our fixed maturity securities and certain investments in preferred securities of approximately 2.8 billion, a net decrease in the fair value of interest rate swaps of approximately 0.1 billion and a net decrease in the combined fair value of embedded derivatives and MRBs of approximately 0.6 billion at September 30, 2024. In addition, a 100bps shift in interest rates for our floating rate debt and funding agreements 
 100 

will increase or decrease floating expense by approximately 20 million per year. As noted in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, the impact to net earnings related to the interest rate swaps and floating rate notes payable and funding agreements will be significantly offset by corresponding changes in investment income associated with our floating rate investments. 
 
 Equity Price Risk 
 
 At September 30, 2024 , a 10 decrease in market prices, with all other variables held constant, would result in a net decrease in the fair value of our equity securities portfolio of approximately 44 million. 
 
 Credit Risk and Counterparty Risk 
 
 See Note D - Derivative Financial Instruments in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding our exposure to credit loss for derivatives. 
 
 In the normal course of business, certain reinsurance recoverables are subject to reviews by the reinsurers. We are not aware of any material disputes arising from these reviews or other communications with the counterparties as of September 30, 2024 that would require an increase to the allowance for credit losses. For information on concentrations of reinsurance risk, refer to Note E - Reinsurance in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I - Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . 
 
 For further information on certain risk associated with our business, refer to Note N - Commitments and Contingencies in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I - Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q . 
 
 Use of Estimates and Assumptions 
 
 The preparation of our unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions used. 
 
 Concentrations of Financial Instruments 
 
 Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Investment Portfolio - Investment Concentrations included in Item 2 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q regarding the top ten investment concentrations of our fixed maturity and equity securities including the fair value and percent of total fixed maturity and equity securities fair value as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Refer to Note C - Investments in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I - Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for our underlying investment concentrations that exceed 10 of shareholders equity as of September 30, 2024 . 
 
 . 
 101 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 We completed the Roar acquisition on January 2, 2024 (see Note P - Acquisitions of the Notes to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I. Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q). The scope of management s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures did not include the internal controls over financial reporting of Roar. This exclusion is in accordance with the SEC Staff s general guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope of management s assessment for one year following the acquisition. Roar represented approximately 1.3 and 1.4 of our total revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Total assets of the acquired business as of September 30, 2024 represented approximately 0.5 of total consolidated assets, consisting principally of goodwill and intangible assets. 
 As a result of the closing of the Roar acquisition, we have incorporated internal controls over significant processes specific to the acquisition that we believe are appropriate and necessary in consideration of the level of related integration. As the post-closing integration continues, we will continue to review the internal controls and processes of Roar and may take further steps to integrate such controls and processes with those of the Company. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover all failures of persons within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 102 

Part II - Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 See discussion of legal proceedings in Note N - Commitments and Contingencies to the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 1 of Part II. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 In addition to the information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the "Risk Factors" disclosed under "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. You should be aware that these risk factors and other information may not describe every risk facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. Except as discussed below, there have been no material changes as of the date of this report to the risk factors disclosed in Item IA. Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Current and emerging developments relating to market conduct standards for the financial industry emerging from the Department of Labor s DOL implementation of the fiduciary rule may over time materially affect our business. 
 
 In December 2020, the DOL issued its final version of an investment advice rule replacing the previous Fiduciary Rule that had been challenged by industry participants and vacated in March 2018 by the United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The new investment advice rule reinstates the five-part test for determining whether a person is considered a fiduciary for purposes of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and sets forth a new exemption, referred to as prohibited transaction class exemption PTE 2020-02. The rule s preamble also contains the DOL s reinterpretation of elements of the five-part test that appears to encompass more insurance agents selling IRA products and withdraws the DOL s longstanding position that rollover recommendations out of employer plans are not subject to ERISA. The new rule took effect on February 16, 2021. The DOL left in place PTE 84-24, which is a longstanding class exemption providing prohibited transaction relief for insurance agents selling annuity products, provided that certain disclosures are made to the plan fiduciary, which is the policyholder in the case of an IRA, and certain other conditions are met. Among other things, these disclosures include the agent s relationship to the insurer and commissions received in connection with the annuity sale. We, along with FGL Insurance and FGL NY Insurance, designed and launched a compliance program in January 2022 requiring all agents selling IRA products to submit an acknowledgment with each IRA application indicating the agent has satisfied PTE 84-24 requirements on a precautionary basis in case the agent acted or is found to have acted as a fiduciary. Meanwhile, the DOL has publicly announced its intention to consider future rulemaking that may revoke or modify PTE 84-24. 
 
 On April 23, 2024, following previous attempts to expand fiduciary regulation for advisers, the DOL released a new rule, the New Fiduciary Rule, which significantly broadens the definition of fiduciary under ERISA and Section 4975 when advisers provide investment recommendations to plans subject to ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. Among other requirements, the New Fiduciary Rule provides that any person will be an investment advice fiduciary such person provides investment advice or makes an investment recommendation to a retirement investor (i.e., a plan, a discretionary plan fiduciary, a plan participant or beneficiary, an IRA, an IRA owner or beneficiary, or an IRA fiduciary) for a fee or other compensation, the person makes professional investment recommendations to investors on a regular basis as part of their business, and the recommendation is provided under circumstances that would indicate to a reasonable investor in like circumstances that the recommendation is based on a review of the particular needs or individual investor circumstances of the retirement investor, reflects the application of professional or expert judgment to the retirement investor s particular needs or individual circumstances, and may be relied upon by the retirement investor as intended to advance the retirement investor s best interest. Unlike the current ERISA standard, the New Fiduciary Rule subjects non-discretionary investment advice to retirement plans and accounts care and loyalty standards that also apply to investment advisors with discretionary authority or control 
 103 

over such plans and accounts. In addition, on the same date, the DOL issued amended versions of PTE 2020-02 and PTE 84-24, either or both of which provide prohibited transaction exemptive relief to insurance companies and insurance producers who make insurance product recommendations to retirement investors, subject to certain conditions. The New Fiduciary Rule likely means that certain of the Company s agents will be considered fiduciaries for purposes of ERISA and the Code, subjecting the Company, and the insurance industry on the whole, to greater regulatory risk. 
 
 The DOL s new Fiduciary Rule, which was scheduled to become effective on September 23, 2024, has been challenged. On July 25, 2024, in the case of Federation of Americans for Consumer Choice, Inc., et al. v. United States Department of Labor, et al. , Federation of Americans the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas issued an order staying the effective date of the DOL s final fiduciary rule (and related amendments to PTE 84-24) that was issued in March 2024. The District Court, in part relying on the Supreme Court s recent ruling in Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo , found that the plaintiffs (primarily insurance agents) were likely to succeed on their arguments that the Final Rule improperly expanded the definition of an investment advice fiduciary under ERISA. As a result, the Final Rule s original effective date of September 23, 2024 has been delayed until further notice. 
 
 In addition, on July 26, 2024, a companion case to Federation of Americans filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, American Council of Life Insurers, et al. v. United States Dep t of Labor, et al. , held the remaining PTE amendments included in the Final Rule (PTEs 2020-02, 75-1, 77-4, 80-83, 83-1 and 86-128) that were not challenged in Federation of Americans were also stayed, noting that the Northern District fully agreed with the Eastern District s analysis and decision to stay the effective date of the Final Rule. 
 
 The DOL appealed both rulings to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. 
 
 Management believes these current and emerging developments relating to market conduct standards for the financial services industry may, over time, materially affect the way in which our agents do business, the role of IMOs, sale of IRA products including IRA-to-IRA and employer plan rollovers, how we supervise our distribution force, compensation practices and liability exposure and costs. In addition to implementing the compliance procedures described above, management is monitoring further developments closely and will be working with IMOs and distributors to adapt to these evolving regulatory requirements and risks. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 In 2023, F G s Board of Directors approved a new three-year stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to 50 million of F G common stock. The Company believes the share repurchase program is an efficient means of returning cash to shareholders when we consider the shares to be undervalued. Purchases may be made from time to time by the Company in the open market at prevailing market prices or through privately negotiated transactions or accelerated share repurchase transactions through November 6, 2026. All purchases are currently planned to be held as Treasury Stock. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares, and the timing of such purchases, will depend upon a variety of factors, including market conditions, regulatory requirements and other considerations, as determined by the Company. There were no repurchases of shares pursuant to the stock repurchase program for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the total remaining authorization of F G common stock that may be repurchased was approximately 32 million. 
 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities sold during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that were not previously included in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 104 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, 
 
 105 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following is a list of exhibits filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Exhibit 
 No. 
 Description of Exhibits 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2024, among the F G Annuities Life, Inc, the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BofA Securities, Inc., JP Morgan Securities, LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 4, 2024). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of F G Annuities Life, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on December 1, 2022). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of F G Annuities Life, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on December 1, 2022). 
 3.3 Certificate of Designations of the Company designating the 6.875 Series A Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, dated as of January 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 16, 2024). 
 4.1 Fifth Supplemental Indenture relating to F G Annuities Life, Inc. s 6.250 senior notes due 2034, dated as of October 4, 2024, among F G Annuities Life, Inc., the guarantors named therein and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 4, 2024). 
 4.2 Form of F G Annuities Life, Inc. s 6.250 senior notes due 2034 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 4, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data file (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 106 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 F G Annuities Life, Inc. (Registrant) Date: November 7, 2024 By: 
 /s/ Wendy J.B. Young Wendy J.B. Young Chief Financial Officer (on behalf of the Registrant and as Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 107 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311sarbanesoxleycer.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Christopher O. Blunt, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of F&G Annuities & Life, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Christopher O. Blunt Christopher O. Blunt 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312sarbanesoxleycer.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Wendy J.B. Young, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of F&G Annuities & Life, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Wendy J.B. Young Wendy J.B. Young 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321sarbanesoxleycer.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of F&G Annuities & Life, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Christopher O. Blunt, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Christopher O. Blunt Christopher O. Blunt 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322sarbanesoxleycer.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of F&G Annuities & Life, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Wendy J.B. Young, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Wendy J.B. Young Wendy J.B. Young 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

