<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_715579_0000715579-24-000117.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15649750</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>149929</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2248049</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7857744</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2506408</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2474163</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000715579-24-000117.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107101109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000715579-24-000117
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACNB CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000715579
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				232233457
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35015
		FILM NUMBER:		241433691

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16 LINCOLN SQUARE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 3129
		CITY:			GETTYSBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17325
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7173343161

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 3129
		STREET 2:		16 LINCOLN SQUARE
		CITY:			GETTYSBURG
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17325

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000715579-24-000117.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 acnb-20240930.htm
 10-Q

acnb-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 
 
 The number of shares of the Registrant s Common Stock outstanding on October 30, 2024, was . 

Table of Contents 

 ACNB CORPORATION 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Glossary 
 3 
 Part I - Financial Information Item 1. Consolidated Statements of Condition (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 Part II - Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 52 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 52 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 53 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 54 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 54 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 54 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 55 
 Signatures 
 58 
 # 
 2 

Table of Contents 

ACNB CORPORATION 
 Glossary of Defined Acronyms and Terms 
 ACL Allowance for Credit Losses ACNB Insurance Services ACNB Insurance Services, Inc. ACNB, Corporation or Company ACNB Corporation AFS Available for Sale ALCO Asset Liability Committee ASC Accounting Standard Codification ASU Accounting Standard Update ATM Automatic Teller Machine Bank ACNB Bank Basel III Risk-based requirements and rules issued by federal banking agencies bp or bps Basis point(s) CECL Current Expected Credit Loss CME Chicago Mercantile Exchange CRA Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 ETR Effective Tax Rate Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FCA Financial Conduct Authority FCBI Frederick County Bancorp, Inc. FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank FOMC Federal Open Market Committee FTE Fully Taxable Equivalent GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles HTM Held to Maturity LIBOR London Inter-Bank Offered Rate Market Area Southcentral Pennsylvania and Northern Maryland Purchase Agreements Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements Purchasers Institutional accredited investors and qualified institutional buyers SBIC Small Business Investment Company SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate Subordinated Notes 4.00 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due March 31, 2031 Traditions Traditions Bancorp, Inc. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ACNB CORPORATION 
 ITEM 1 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION (UNAUDITED) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with banks Total Cash and Cash Equivalents Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Investment securities available for sale, at estimated fair value Investment securities held to maturity, at amortized cost (fair value , 
 Loans held for sale Total loans, net of unearned income Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans, net Premises and equipment, net Right of use asset Restricted investment in bank stocks Investment in bank-owned life insurance Investments in low-income housing partnerships Goodwill Intangible assets, net Foreclosed assets held for resale Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Lease liability Allowance for unfunded commitments Other liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Stockholders Equity Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 ACNB CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands, except share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME Loans, including fees Taxable Tax-exempt Investment Securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Dividends Other Total Interest and Dividend Income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Short-term borrowings Long-term borrowings Total Interest Expense Net Interest Income Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) Provision for (reversal of) unfunded commitments ) ) Net Interest Income after Provisions for (Reversal of) Credit Losses and Unfunded Commitments NONINTEREST INCOME Insurance commissions Service charges on deposits Wealth management ATM debit card charges Earnings on investment in bank-owned life insurance Gain from mortgage loans held for sale Net gains (losses) on sales or calls of investment securities ) Net gains (losses) on equity securities ) ) Gain on assets held for sale Other Total Noninterest Income NONINTEREST EXPENSES Salaries and employee benefits Equipment Net occupancy Professional services FDIC and regulatory Other tax Intangible assets amortization Supplies and postage Marketing and corporate relations Merger-related Other Total Noninterest Expenses Income Before Income Taxes Provision for income taxes Net Income PER SHARE DATA Basic earnings Diluted earnings Weighted average shares basic Weighted average shares diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 ACNB CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET INCOME OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) INVESTMENT SECURITIES Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period, net of income tax expense (benefit) of , ), and ), respectively 
 ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net AFS investment securities gains included in net income, net of income tax expense of , , and , respectively 
 Total unrealized gain (loss) on AFS investment securities ) ) Amortization of unrealized losses on AFS investment securities transferred to HTM, net of income taxes of , , and , respectively 
 PENSION Amortization of pension net loss, transition liability, and prior service cost, net of income tax expense of , , and , respectively 
 TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) ) TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 ACNB CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity BALANCE January 1, 2024 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Common stock shares issued shares) 
 Repurchased shares shares) 
 ) ) Restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures and withheld for taxes shares) 
 ) ) Compensation expense for restricted shares Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) BALANCE March 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Common stock shares issued shares) 
 Compensation expense for restricted shares Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) BALANCE June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Common stock shares issued shares) 
 Repurchased shares shares) 
 ) ) Compensation expense for restricted shares Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) BALANCE September 30, 2024 ) ) 

7 

Table of Contents 

 ACNB CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity BALANCE January 1, 2023 ) ) Cumulative effect for adoption of Topic 326, net of tax ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of taxes Common stock shares issued shares) 
 Repurchased shares shares) 
 ) ) Restricted stock grants, net of forfeitures and withheld for taxes shares) 
 ) Compensation expense for restricted shares Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) BALANCE March 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Common stock shares issued shares) 
 Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) BALANCE June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Common stock shares issued shares) 
 Repurchased shares shares) 
 ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) BALANCE September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 ACNB CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Gain on sales of loans originated for sale ) ) Gain on sales of assets held for sale ) Earnings on investment in bank-owned life insurance ) ) (Gain) loss on sales or calls of securities ) (Gain) loss on equity securities ) Restricted stock compensation expense Depreciation and amortization (Reversal of) provision for credit losses and unfunded commitments ) Net amortization of investment securities premiums Decrease (increase) in interest receivable ) Increase in interest payable Mortgage loans originated for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans originated for sale Decrease in other assets Increase in deferred tax asset ) ) Increase in other liabilities Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from calls/maturities of investment securities held to maturity Proceeds from calls/maturities of investment securities available for sale Proceeds from sales of investment securities available for sale Proceeds from sale of equity securities Purchase of restricted investment in bank stocks ) ) Net increase in loans ) ) Acquisition of insurance books of business/agency ) Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets held for sale Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net decrease in noninterest-bearing deposits ) ) Net decrease in interest-bearing deposits ) ) Net decrease in short-term borrowings ) ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings Dividends paid ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) Common stock issued, net of restricted stock forfeitures and withheld for taxes Net Cash Used In Financing Activities ) ) Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS BEGINNING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ENDING Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 ACNB CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 - 
 community banking offices, including community banking office locations in Adams, Cumberland, Franklin, Lancaster and York Counties, Pennsylvania, and community banking office locations in Carroll and Frederick Counties, Maryland. There are also loan production offices in York, Pennsylvania, and Hunt Valley, Maryland. 
 
 ACNB Insurance Services is a full-service insurance agency based in Westminster, Maryland, with additional locations in Jarrettsville, Maryland, and Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. The agency offers a broad range of property, casualty, health, life and disability insurance to both individual and commercial clients. 

Pending Merger 
 
 On July 23, 2024, ACNB entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with Traditions Bancorp, Inc., holding company for Traditions Bank, York, Pennsylvania, whereby ACNB will acquire Traditions and Traditions Bank in an all-stock transaction. Pursuant to the terms of the Definitive Agreement, Traditions shareholders will receive shares of ACNB common stock for each share of Traditions common stock that they own as of the closing date. Based on the 20-day Volume Weighted Average Price of ACNB common stock as of July 19, 2024, the transaction is valued at million or per share. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Traditions had total assets of million and million, respectively, total loans of million and million, respectively, and total deposits of million and million, respectively. Common shares outstanding totaled and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Traditions Bank operates full-service branches in South Central Pennsylvania. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including approval from ACNB and Traditions shareholders. Currently, the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025. 
 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 The significant accounting policies used in preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements are disclosed in the Corporation s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Those significant accounting policies are unchanged at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Note 2 - 

Dilutive effect of unvested shares Weighted average shares outstanding (diluted) Per share: Basic Diluted 
 
 There were no antidilutive instruments at September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 On May 1, 2018, shareholders approved and ratified the ACNB Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of March 20, 2018, in which awards shall not exceed, in the aggregate, shares of common stock, plus any shares that were authorized, but not issued, under the ACNB Corporation 2009 Restricted Stock Plan. The ACNB Corporation 2009 Restricted Stock Plan expired by its own terms after years on February 24, 2019. No further shares may be issued under this plan. The remaining shares were transferred to the ACNB Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, shares were issued under this plan, of which were unvested. Plan expense is recognized over the vesting period of the stock issued and resulted in thousand and thousand of compensation expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Compensation expense recognized during both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million. 
 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 On October 24, 2022, the Corporation announced that the Board of Directors approved on October 18, 2022, a plan to repurchase, in open market and privately negotiated transactions, up to , or approximately , of the outstanding shares 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 and shares, respectively. There were treasury shares purchased under this plan through September 30, 2024. 

Note 3 - 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 CRA Mutual Fund Canapi Ventures SBIC Fund Stock in other banks ) ) 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Collateralized mortgage obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Held to Maturity State and municipal Residential mortgage-backed securities December 31, 2023 Available for Sale U.S. Government and agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Held to Maturity State and municipal Residential mortgage-backed securities 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Collateralized mortgage obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Held to Maturity State and municipal Residential mortgage-backed securities December 31, 2023 Available for Sale U.S. Government and agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Held to Maturity State and municipal Residential mortgage-backed securities 
 
 All mortgage-backed security investments are government sponsored enterprise pass-through instruments issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association or Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or they are issued by Government National Mortgage Association which is backed by the U.S. government. 
 
 The Company evaluates AFS debt securities for impairment in unrealized loss positions at each measurement date to determine whether the decline in the fair value below the amortized cost basis is due to credit-related factors or noncredit-related factors. There was no impairment on AFS debt securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company evaluates HTM debt securities for expected credit losses at each measurement date to determine if an ACL is required. The Corporation did not have an ACL for HTM investment securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. In estimating credit events, management considers whether it intends to sell the security or if it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before anticipated recovery or if it does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Over 1 year through 5 years Over 5 years through 10 years Over 10 years Mortgage-backed securities 
 
 Gross gains Gross losses 
 
 At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, securities with a carrying value of million and million, respectively, were pledged as collateral as required by law on public and trust deposits, repurchase agreements, and for other purposes. 

Note 4 - 
 Residential mortgage Commercial and industrial Home equity lines of credit Real estate construction Consumer Gross loans Unearned income ) ) Total loans, net of unearned income 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Residential mortgage Commercial and industrial Home equity lines of credit Real estate construction Consumer Gross Loans 
 
 (In thousands) 30 59 Days Past Due 60 89 Days Past Due 90 Days Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Loans Receivable Loans Receivable 90 Days and Accruing December 31, 2023 Commercial real estate Residential mortgage Commercial and industrial Home equity lines of credit Real estate construction Consumer Gross Loans 
 
 Nonaccrual and Nonperforming Loans 
 
 Commercial and industrial Home equity lines of credit December 31, 2023 Commercial real estate Residential mortgage Commercial and industrial Home equity lines of credit 
 
 During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no material amount of interest income was recognized on nonaccrual loans subsequent to their classification as nonaccrual. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Greater than or equal to 90 days past due and accruing Total nonperforming loans 
 Collateral-Dependent Loans 
 A loan is considered to be collateral-dependent when the debtor is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the sale or operation of the collateral. For all classes of loans deemed collateral-dependent, the Corporation elected the practical expedient to estimate expected credit losses based on the collateral s fair value less cost to sell. In most cases, the Corporation records a partial charge-off to reduce the collateral-dependent loan s carrying value to the collateral s fair value less cost to sell. Substantially all of the collateral supporting collateral-dependent loans consists of various types of real estate, including residential properties, commercial properties, such as retail centers, office buildings, and lodging, agriculture land, and vacant land. 
 
 Changes in the fair value of the collateral for individually evaluated loans are reported as provision for credit losses or a reversal of provision for credit losses in the period of change. 
 Commercial and industrial Home equity lines of credit Total December 31, 2023 Commercial real estate Residential mortgage Commercial and industrial Home equity lines of credit Total 
 
 Consumer residential mortgages and home equity lines of credit which are well secured by residential real estate properties and are in the process of collection are not considered nonaccrual, however, formal foreclosure proceedings are in process. These loans totaled thousand at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023 and are included in nonperforming loans if they are greater than or equal to 90 days past due. 
 
 Loan Modifications 
 
 The Corporation evaluates all loan restructurings according to the accounting guidance for loan modifications to determine if the restructuring results in a new loan or a continuation of the existing loan. Loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that result in a direct change in the timing or amount of contractual cash flows include situations where there is principal forgiveness, interest rate reductions, other-than-insignificant payment delays, term extensions, or combinations of the above. Therefore, the disclosures related to loan restructurings are only for modifications that directly affect cash flows. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial and industrial Total 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Corporation did not modify any loans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation did not have any commitments to lend any additional funds on existing modified loans. 
 
 Commercial and industrial Total 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Corporation had no loans that defaulted during the period that had been modified preceding the payment default when the borrower was experiencing financial difficulty at the time of modification. For purposes of this disclosure, a default occurs when, within months of the original modification, either a full or partial charge-off occurs or the loan becomes days or more past due. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The Corporation maintains an ACL at a level determined to be adequate to absorb expected credit losses associated with the Corporation s financial instruments over the life of those instruments as of the balance sheet date. The ACL consists of loans evaluated collectively and individually for expected credit losses. The Corporation considers the performance of the loan portfolio and its impact on the ACL and does not assign internal risk ratings to smaller balance, homogeneous loans such as certain residential mortgage, home equity lines of credit, construction loans to individuals secured by residential real estate and consumer loans. For these loans, the Corporation evaluates credit quality based on the aging status of the loan and designates as performing and nonperforming. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial real estate Residential mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Residential Mortgage Commercial and industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and industrial Home equity lines of credit Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Home equity lines of credit Real estate construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Real estate construction Performance Rated: Residential mortgage Performing Nonperforming Total Residential Mortgage Home equity lines of credit Performing Total Home equity lines of credit Real estate construction Performing Nonperforming Total Real estate construction Consumer Performing Total Consumer Year-to-date gross charge-offs Total Portfolio loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Performing Nonperforming Total Portfolio loans Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial real estate Residential mortgage Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Residential mortgage Commercial and industrial Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Commercial and industrial Year-to-date gross charge-offs Home equity lines of credit Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Home equity lines of credit Real estate construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Real estate construction Performance Rated: Residential mortgage Performing Nonperforming Total Residential mortgage Home equity lines of credit Performing Nonperforming Total Home equity lines of credit Real estate construction Performing Total Real estate construction Consumer Performing Nonperforming Total Consumer Year-to-date gross charge-offs Total Portfolio loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Performing Nonperforming Total Portfolio loans Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Corporation revised estimates driven by a realignment of the peer group used for the CECL allowance process, an update to loss driver factors from third-party data, and an update to the application of prepayment and curtailment rate studies since implementation of CECL on January 1, 2023. These estimates, which were based on more current information available as of June 30, 2024, drive input assumptions which are used in the determination of the Corporation s allowance for credit losses and the reserve for unfunded commitments. These updated estimates were the primary 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million and thousand reversal of the provisions for credit losses and for unfunded commitments, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Provisions (credits) ) ) Ending balance - September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Beginning balance - January 1, 2024 Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Provisions (credits) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance - September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Beginning balance - July 1, 2023 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provisions ) Ending balance - September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Beginning balance - January 1, 2023 Impact of CECL adoption ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provisions ) ) ) Ending balance - September 30, 2023 

Note 5 - 
 
 Interest-bearing demand deposits Money market Savings Total demand and savings Time Total deposits 
 Time deposits include brokered deposits totaling million at September 30, 2024, and at December 31, 2023. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 1 - 2 years 2 - 3 years 3 - 4 years 4 - 5 years Thereafter Total time deposits 

Note 6 - 
 FHLB advance 
 
 Borrowings with original maturities of one year or less are classified as short-term. Securities sold under repurchase agreements are comprised of customer repurchase agreements, which are sweep accounts with next-day maturities utilized by larger commercial customers to earn interest on their funds. Securities are pledged to these customers in an amount at least equal to the outstanding balance. Under an agreement with the FHLB, the Bank has short-term borrowing capacity included within its maximum borrowing capacity. All FHLB advances are collateralized by a security agreement covering qualifying loans. In addition, all FHLB advances are secured by the FHLB capital stock owned by the Bank having a par value of million at September 30, 2024. The Bank also has unsecured lines of credit that total million with correspondent banks for overnight federal funds borrowings. There were no advances on these lines at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 2027 2028 2029 Trust preferred subordinated debt 1 
 Subordinated debt 
 ___________________________ 
 1 Net of purchase accounting fair value mark 
 
 The long-term FHLB advances have a weighted average rate of , and are collateralized by the assets defined in the security agreement and FHLB capital stock described previously. Based on this collateral and ACNB s holding of FHLB stock, ACNB is eligible to borrow up to million, of which million was available at September 30, 2024. 
 
 The trust preferred subordinated debt is comprised of debt securities issued by FCBI in December 2006 and assumed by ACNB Corporation through the acquisition of FCBI. FCBI completed the private placement of an aggregate of million of trust preferred securities. The interest rate on the subordinated debentures is adjusted quarterly to bps over the three-month CME Term SOFR plus applicable tenor spread adjustment. On September 15, 2024, the most recent interest rate reset date, the interest rate was adjusted to for the period ending December 15, 2024. The trust preferred securities mature on 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due March 31, 2031. The Subordinated Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, from and including March 30, 2021 to, but excluding, March 31, 2026 or earlier redemption date. From and including March 31, 2026 to, but excluding the maturity date or earlier redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly at a variable rate equal to the then current 90-day average SOFR plus bps. As provided in the Subordinated Notes, the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes during the applicable floating rate period may be determined based on a rate other than the 90-day average SOFR. The Subordinated Notes were issued by the Corporation to the Purchasers at a price equal to of their face amount. The Subordinated Notes have a stated maturity of March 31, 2031, are redeemable by the Company at its option, in whole or in part, on or after March 30, 2026, and at any time upon the occurrences of certain events. The Subordinated Notes are considered Tier 2 capital for the consolidated capital ratios. 

Note 7 - 

23 

Table of Contents 

 AFS Investment Securities: U.S. Government and agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Total AFS Investment Securities Recurring Loans held for sale Recurring Individually evaluated loans Non-recurring Foreclosed assets held for resale Non-recurring 
 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Basis Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Recurring AFS Investment Securities: U.S. Government and agencies Collateralized mortgage obligations Residential mortgage-backed securities Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate bonds Total AFS Investment Securities Recurring Loans held for sale Recurring Individually evaluated loans Non-recurring Foreclosed assets held for resale Non-recurring 
 The valuation techniques used to measure fair value for the items in the preceding tables are as follows: 
 Equity securities - The fair value of equity securities with readily determinable fair values is recorded on the Consolidated Statements of Condition, with realized and unrealized gains and losses reported in noninterest income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Available for sale investment securities Included in this asset category are debt securities. Level 2 investment securities are valued by a third-party pricing service. The pricing service uses pricing models that vary based on asset class and incorporate available market information, including quoted prices of investment securities with similar characteristics. Because many fixed income securities do not trade on a daily basis, pricing models use available information, as applicable, through processes such as benchmark yield curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings and matrix pricing. Standard market inputs include: benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data, including market research publications. For certain security types, additional inputs may be used, or some of the standard market inputs may not be applicable. 
 U.S. Government and agencies These debt securities are classified as Level 2. Fair values are determined by a third-party pricing service, as detailed above. 
 Collateralized mortgage obligations and Mortgage-backed securities These debt securities are classified as Level 2. Fair values are determined by a third-party pricing service, as detailed above. 
 Corporate bonds This category consists of subordinated and senior debt issued by financial institutions and are classified as Level 2 investments. The fair values for these corporate debt securities are determined by a third-party pricing service, as detailed above. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Appraisal of collateral Appraisal adjustments ) ) 
 ) Foreclosed assets held for resale Appraisal of collateral Appraisal adjustments ) ) December 31, 2023 Individually evaluated loans Appraisal of collateral Appraisal adjustments ) ) 
 ) Foreclosed assets held for resale Appraisal of collateral Appraisal adjustments ) ) 
 _______________________________ 
 1 Fair value is generally determined through management s estimate or independent third-party appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally includes various Level 3 inputs which are not observable. 
 2 Appraisals may be adjusted downward by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. The range of liquidation expenses and other appraisal adjustments are presented as a percentage of the appraisal. Higher downward adjustments are caused by negative changes to the collateral or conditions in the real estate market, actual offers or sales contracts received, and/or age of the appraisal. 
 
 The following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire Corporation since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited portion of the Corporation s assets and liabilities. Management uses its best judgment in estimating the fair value of the Corporation s financial instruments; however, there are inherent weaknesses in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Corporation could have realized in a sales transaction on the dates indicated. The estimated fair value amounts have been measured as of their respective reporting dates and have not been reevaluated or updated for purposes of these Consolidated Financial Statements subsequent to those respective dates. As such, the estimated fair values of these financial instruments subsequent to the respective reporting dates may be different than the amounts reported at each period end. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between the Corporation s disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Interest-bearing deposits with banks Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Investment securities AFS Investment securities HTM Loans held for sale Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Restricted investment in bank stocks Financial liabilities: Demand deposits, savings, and money markets Time deposits Securities sold under repurchase agreements FHLB Advances Trust preferred and subordinated debt Accrued interest payable 
 
 December 31, 2023 Carrying Amount Estimated Fair Value (In thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Financial assets: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with banks Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Investment securities AFS Investment securities HTM Loans held for sale Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Restricted investment in bank stocks Financial liabilities: Demand deposits, savings, and money markets Time deposits Securities sold under repurchase agreements FHLB Advances Trust preferred and subordinated debt Accrued interest payable 

26 

Table of Contents 

 Note 8 - 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of net loss Net Periodic Benefit Income ) ) ) ) 
 
 The Corporation has determined that it will not be contributing to the defined benefit plan in 2024 based on current levels and expected returns on plan assets. Effective April 1, 2012, no inactive or former participant in the plan is eligible to again participate in the plan, and no employee hired after March 31, 2012, is eligible to participate in the plan. 

Note 9 - 
 . 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Corporation to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements and similar transactions. The terms of the letters of credit vary and may have renewal features. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The Corporation generally holds collateral and/or personal guarantees supporting those commitments for which collateral is deemed necessary. Management believes that the proceeds obtained through a liquidation of such collateral and the enforcement of guarantees would be sufficient to cover the maximum potential amount of future payments required under the corresponding guarantees. 
 
 The Corporation maintains a million unsecured line of credit with a correspondent bank. The Corporation guarantees a note related to a million commercial line of credit with a correspondent bank, with normal terms and conditions for such a line, for ACNB Insurance Services, the borrower. The commercial line of credit is for general working capital needs as they arise by the ACNB Insurance Services. The liability is recorded for the net drawn amount of this line, no further liability is recorded for the remaining line as to the guarantor s obligation as the guarantor would have full recourse from all assets of its wholly-owned subsidiary. There were no advances on these lines at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Corporation has not been required to perform on any financial guarantees, and has not incurred any losses on its commitments during the past three years. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Standby letters of credit 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 The Corporation is subject to claims and lawsuits which arise primarily in the ordinary course of business. Based on information presently available and advice received from legal counsel representing the Corporation in connection with any such claims and lawsuits, it is the opinion of management that the disposition or ultimate determination of any such claims and lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations or liquidity of the Corporation. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Note 10 -) ) ) Unrealized gain on AFS securities, net of tax Amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred to HTM, net of tax Amortization of pension net loss, transition liability and prior service cost, net of tax Net current period other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Unrealized gain on AFS securities, net of tax Realized gains on securities, net of tax Amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred to HTM, net of tax Amortization of pension net loss, transition liability and prior service cost, net of tax Net current period other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Unrealized loss on AFS securities, net of tax ) ) Amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred to HTM, net of tax Amortization of pension net loss, transition liability and prior service cost, net of tax Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Unrealized loss on AFS securities, net of tax ) ) Realized gains on securities, net of tax Amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred to HTM, net of tax Amortization of pension net loss, transition liability and prior service cost, net of tax Net current period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 29 

Note 11 - 
 reporting segments, the Bank and ACNB Insurance Services. ACNB Insurance Services is managed separately from the banking segment, which includes the Bank and related financial services that the Corporation offers through its banking subsidiary. ACNB Insurance Services offers a broad range of property, casualty, health, life and disability insurance to both commercial and individual clients. 
 
 Interest expense Depreciation and amortization expense Income before income taxes Total assets Goodwill Capital expenditures 2023 Interest income and other income from external customers Interest expense Depreciation and amortization expense Income before income taxes Total assets Goodwill Capital expenditures 
 Segment information as of and for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
 (In thousands) Banking Insurance Total 2024 Interest income and other income from external customers Interest expense Depreciation and amortization expense Income before income taxes Total assets Goodwill Capital expenditures 2023 Interest income and other income from external customers Interest expense Depreciation and amortization Income before income taxes Total assets Goodwill Capital expenditures 
 30 

ACNB CORPORATION 
 ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following is management s discussion and analysis of the significant changes in the financial condition, results of operations, comprehensive income, capital resources, and liquidity presented in its accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for ACNB Corporation, a financial holding company. Please read this discussion in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and disclosures included herein. Current performance does not guarantee, assure or indicate similar performance in the future. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 In addition to historical information, this Form 10-Q may contain forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, (a) projections or statements regarding future earnings, expenses, net interest income, noninterest income, earnings or loss per share, asset mix and quality, growth prospects, capital structure, and other financial terms, (b) statements of plans and objectives of Management or the Board of Directors, and (c) statements of assumptions, such as economic conditions in the Corporation s Market Areas. Such forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believes , expects , may , intends , will , should , anticipates , or the negative of any of the foregoing or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussion of strategy. Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties such as national, regional and local economic conditions, competitive factors, and regulatory limitations. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and experience to differ from those projected include, but are not limited to, the following: short-term and long-term effects of inflation and rising costs on the Corporation, customers and economy; legislative and regulatory changes; banking system instability caused by failures and continuing financial uncertainty of various banks which may adversely impact the Corporation and its securities and loan values, deposit stability, capital adequacy, financial condition, operations, liquidity, and results of operations; effects of governmental and fiscal policies, as well as legislative and regulatory changes; effects of new laws and regulations (including laws and regulations concerning taxes, banking, securities and insurance) and their application with which the Corporation and its subsidiaries must comply; impacts of the capital and liquidity requirements of the Basel III standards or any similar standards; effects of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the regulatory agencies, as well as the Financial Accounting Standards Board and other accounting standard setters; ineffectiveness of the business strategy due to changes in current or future market conditions; future actions or inactions of the United States government, including the effects of short-term and long-term federal budget and tax negotiations and a failure to increase the government debt limit or a prolonged shutdown of the federal government; effects of economic conditions particularly with regard to the negative impact of any pandemic, epidemic or health-related crisis and the responses thereto on the operations of the Corporation and current customers, specifically the effect of the economy on loan customers ability to repay loans; effects of competition, and of changes in laws and regulations on competition, including industry consolidation and development of competing financial products and services; inflation, securities market and monetary fluctuations; risks of changes in interest rates on the level and composition of deposits, loan demand, and the values of loan collateral, securities, and interest rate protection agreements, as well as interest rate risks; difficulties in acquisitions and integrating and operating acquired business operations, including information technology difficulties; challenges in establishing and maintaining operations in new markets; effects of technology changes; effects of general economic conditions and more specifically in the Corporation s Market Areas; failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for credit losses and estimations of values of collateral and various financial assets and liabilities; acts of war or terrorism or geopolitical instability; disruption of credit and equity markets; ability to manage current levels of impaired assets; loss of certain key officers; ability to maintain the value and image of the Corporation s brand and protect the Corporation s intellectual property rights; continued relationships with major customers; and, potential impacts to the Corporation from continually evolving cybersecurity and other technological risks and attacks, including additional costs, reputational damage, regulatory penalties, and financial losses. Management considers subsequent events occurring after the balance sheet date for matters which may require adjustments to, or disclosure in, the Consolidated Financial Statements. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. They only reflect Management s analysis as of this date. The Corporation does not revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or changed circumstances. Please carefully review the risk factors described in other documents the Corporation files from time to time with the SEC, including the Annual Reports on Form 10-K and the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Please also carefully review any Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by the Corporation with the SEC. 
 
 31 

Executive Overview 
 ACNB Corporation is the financial holding company for the wholly-owned subsidiaries of ACNB Bank and ACNB Insurance Services. ACNB Bank provides a full range of retail and commercial financial services in Pennsylvania and Maryland primarily through its network of 27 community banking offices. ACNB Insurance Services offers a broad range of property, casualty, health, life and disability insurance serving personal and commercial clients through office locations in Westminster and Jarrettsville, Maryland, and Gettysburg, Pennsylvania and is licensed to do business in 46 states. 
 
 The primary source of the Corporation s revenues is net interest income derived from interest earned on loans and investments, less deposit and borrowing funding costs. Revenues are influenced by general economic factors, including market interest rates, the economies of the markets served, stock market conditions, as well as competitive forces within the markets. The Corporation also generates revenue through commissions and fees earned on various services and financial products offered to its customers and through gains on sales of assets, such as loans, investments and properties. The Corporation incurs expenses to generate the revenue through provision for credit losses, noninterest expense and income taxes. The Corporation s overall strategy is to increase loan growth in its local markets, while maintaining a reasonable funding base by offering competitive deposit products and services. 
 The following table presents a summary of the Corporation s earnings and selected performance and asset quality ratios: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 7,204 9,044 25,251 27,591 Diluted earnings per share 0.84 1.06 2.96 3.23 Cash dividends declared 0.32 0.28 0.94 0.84 Return on average assets (annualized) 1.17 1.52 1.38 1.55 Return on average equity (annualized) 9.63 13.84 11.79 14.38 Net interest margin 1 
 3.77 4.01 3.79 4.11 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.29 0.17 0.29 0.17 Net charge-offs to average loans outstanding (annualized) 0.01 0.03 0.01 0.02 Allowance for credit losses to total loans, net of unearned income 1.03 1.19 1.03 1.19 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 1 Income on interest-earning assets has been computed on a fully taxable equivalent basis using the 21 federal income tax statutory rate. 
 Summary Financial Results 
 Net Income - Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 7.2 million compared to net income of 9.0 million for the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 1.8 million, or 20.3 . Diluted earnings per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 0.84 and 1.06, respectively, resulting in a 20.8 decrease. The decrease in net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven primarily by a decrease in net interest income and higher noninterest expenses, including merger-related expenses, partially offset by higher noninterest income. Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 25.3 million compared to 27.6 million for the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 2.3 million or 8.5 . Diluted earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 2.96 and 3.23, respectively, resulting in an 8.4 decrease. The decrease in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven primarily by a decrease in net interest income and higher noninterest expenses, including merger-related expenses, partially offset by a reversal of the provision for credit losses and unfunded commitments and an increase in noninterest income. 
 Net Interest Income - Net interest income was 20.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 21.7 million for the same period of 2023, a decrease of 803 thousand, or 3.7 . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income was 62.5 million compared to 66.8 million for the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 4.3 million, or 6.5 . The decline in net interest income was driven primarily by an increase in long-term borrowings and promotional time deposit balances and costs. 
 Net Interest Margin - The Corporation s FTE net interest margin decreased to 3.77 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 4.01 in the same period of 2023, a decrease of 24 bps. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the net interest margin decreased to 3.79 compared to 4.11 for the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 32 bps. 
 32 

Yield on Average Earning Assets - For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the yield on average earning assets was 4.90 , an increase of 44 bps compared to the same period of the prior year, and was 4.84 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 45 bps compared to the same period of the prior year. 
 Loan Growth - Average loans grew 87.2 million, or 5.5 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, average loans grew 110.3 million, or 7.1 , compared to the same period of the prior year. As described in more detail below, the growth was driven by an increase in the commercial real estate portfolio. 
 Deposit Decline - Average interest-bearing deposits decreased 54.4 million, or 3.9 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year; however, average time deposit balances increased 45.9 million, or 21.6 , due to ongoing promotions. During the same period of 2024, average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 64.6 million, or 11.9 , compared to the same period of the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, average interest-bearing deposits decreased 132.5 million, or 9.0 , and average noninterest-bearing deposits decreased 67.1 million, or 12.2 , compared to the same period of the prior year. Average time deposits, included in average interest-bearing deposits, increased 20.3 million, or 8.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year as a result of ongoing promotions. 
 Asset Quality - Asset quality metrics continue to be stable despite increases in non-performing loans during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The provisions for credit losses and unfunded commitments were 81 thousand and 40 thousand, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 c ompared to a provision for credit losses of 250 thousand and a 171 thousand reversal of the provision for unfunded commitments for the same period of the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the provisions for credit losses and unfunded commitments were a reversal of 2.7 million and 370 thousand, respectively, compared to a 74 thousand and 226 thousand provisions for credit losses and unfunded commitments, respectively, for the same period of the prior year. 
 Non-performing loans were 6.6 million, or 0.39 , of total loans at September 30, 2024 compared to 3.6 million, or 0.22 , of total loans at September 30, 2023. The increase in non-performing loans was primarily the result of one long-standing commercial relationship in the healthcare industry, comprised of both owner-occupied commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans. 
 Annualized net charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 0.01 of total average loans compared to 0.03 for the same period of 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 the annualized net charge-offs were 0.01 and 0.02 , respectively, of total average loans. 
 Noninterest income - Noninterest income was 6.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 an increase of 536 thousand, or 8.5 from 6.3 million for the same period of 2023. The increase was driven primarily by higher wealth management income, insurance commissions and gain from mortgage loans held for sale compared to the same period of the prior year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 noninterest income was 18.9 million and 17.5 million for the same period of the prior year. The increase was driven primarily by higher wealth management income, higher insurance commissions, gain from mortgage loans held for sale and a net gain on sales of securities in the current period compared to a net loss in the same period of 2023. 
 Noninterest expenses - Noninterest expenses increased to 18.2 million, or 11.7 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 16.3 million in the same period of the prior year. The increase was driven primarily by merger-related expenses, higher salary and employee benefits expense, partially offset by decreases in professional services and marketing and corporate relations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, noninterest expenses increased to 52.3 million, or by 6.9 , from 48.9 million in the same period of 2023. The increase was driven primarily by higher salary and employee benefits expense, merger-related expenses, FDIC and regulatory, and other tax, partially offset by decreases in marketing and corporate relations and other. 
 A more thorough discussion of the Corporation s results of operations and financial condition is included in the following pages. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 The accounting policies that the Corporation s management deems to be most important to the portrayal of its financial condition and results of operations, and that require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgment, often result 
 33 

in the need to make estimates about the effect of such matters which are inherently uncertain. The following accounting estimate is deemed to be critical by management: 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - The ACL represents an amount which, in management s judgment, is adequate to absorb expected credit losses on outstanding loans at the balance sheet date based on the evaluation of the size and current risk characteristics of the loan portfolio, past events, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions and prepayment experience. The ACL is measured and recorded upon the initial recognition of a financial asset. The ACL is reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries of previous losses, and is increased or decreased by a provision for credit losses, which is recorded as a current period operating expense. 
 
 Determination of an appropriate ACL is inherently complex and requires the use of significant and highly subjective estimates. The reasonableness of the ACL is reviewed quarterly by management. 
 
 Management believes it uses relevant information available to make determinations about the ACL and that it has established the existing allowance in accordance with GAAP. However, the determination of the ACL requires significant judgment, and estimates of expected credit losses in the loan portfolio can vary from the amounts actually observed. While management uses available information to recognize expected credit losses, future additions to the ACL may be necessary based on changes in the loans comprising the portfolio, changes in the current and forecasted economic conditions, changes in the interest rate environment which may directly impact prepayment and curtailment rate assumption, and changes in the financial condition of borrowers. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 7.2 million compared to net income of 9.0 million for the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 1.8 million, or 20.3 . Diluted earnings per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 0.84 and 1.06, respectively, resulting in a 20.8 decrease. The decrease in net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven primarily by a decrease in net interest income and higher noninterest expenses, including merger-related expenses, partially offset by higher noninterest income. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income totaled 20.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 21.7 million for the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 803 thousand or 3.7 . The FTE net interest margin for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.77 , a 24 bps decrease from 4.01 for the same period of the prior year. The decrease in FTE net interest margin was driven primarily by an increase in long-term borrowings and promotional time deposit balances and costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Corporation manages the risk associated with changes in interest rates through the techniques described within Item 3, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following table provides a comparative average balance sheet and net interest income analysis for the periods presented. The discussion following this table is based on these taxable-equivalent amounts. 
 
 34 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest 1 
 Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest 1 
 Yield/ Rate ASSETS Loans: Taxable 1,618,879 23,108 5.68 1,520,134 20,285 5.29 Tax-exempt 62,401 394 2.51 73,995 457 2.45 Total Loans 2 
 1,681,280 23,502 5.56 1,594,129 20,742 5.16 Investment Securities: Taxable 441,135 2,868 2.59 466,402 2,581 2.20 Tax-exempt 54,549 359 2.62 55,027 359 2.59 Total Investments 3 
 495,684 3,227 2.59 521,429 2,940 2.24 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 48,794 670 5.46 53,324 723 5.38 Total Earning Assets 2,225,758 27,399 4.90 2,168,882 24,405 4.46 Cash and due from banks 21,684 23,783 Premises and equipment 25,716 25,980 Other assets 184,105 165,821 Allowance for credit losses (17,147) (19,101) Total Assets 2,440,116 2,365,365 LIABILITIES Interest-bearing demand deposits 518,368 552 0.42 571,314 185 0.13 Money markets 246,653 692 1.12 245,899 312 0.50 Savings deposits 318,291 26 0.03 366,398 30 0.03 Time deposits 258,053 1,842 2.84 212,159 401 0.75 Total Interest-Bearing Deposits 1,341,365 3,112 0.92 1,395,770 928 0.26 Short-term borrowings 38,666 204 2.10 66,942 439 2.60 Long-term borrowings 255,316 2,983 4.65 94,554 1,122 4.71 Total Borrowings 293,982 3,187 4.31 161,496 1,561 3.83 Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities 1,635,347 6,299 1.53 1,557,266 2,489 0.63 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 477,350 541,995 Other liabilities 29,946 6,820 Stockholders Equity 297,473 259,284 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 2,440,116 2,365,365 Taxable Equivalent Net Interest Income 21,100 21,916 Taxable Equivalent Adjustment (158) (171) Net Interest Income 20,942 21,745 Cost of Funds 1.19 0.47 FTE Net Interest Margin 3.77 4.01 ______________________________ 
 1 Income on interest-earning assets has been computed on a fully taxable equivalent basis using the 21 federal income tax statutory rate. 
 2 Average balances include non-accrual loans and are net of unearned income. 
 3 Average balance of investment securities is computed at fair value. 
 
 35 

The following table analyzes the relative impact on FTE net interest income attributed to changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in yields and rates for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 : 
 
 2024 versus 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Volume Yield/Rate 1 
 Net INTEREST EARNING ASSETS Loans Taxable 1,313 1,510 2,823 Tax-exempt (71) 8 (63) Total Loans 2 
 1,242 1,518 2,760 Securities Taxable securities (140) 427 287 Tax-exempt securities (3) 3 Total Securities (143) 430 287 Interest-bearing deposits with banks (61) 8 (53) Total 1,038 1,956 2,994 INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES Interest bearing demand deposits (17) 384 367 Money markets 1 379 380 Savings deposits (4) (4) Time deposits 87 1,354 1,441 Total Interest-Bearing Deposits 67 2,117 2,184 Short-term borrowings (185) (50) (235) Long-term borrowings 1,903 (42) 1,861 Total Borrowings 1,718 (92) 1,626 Total 1,785 2,025 3,810 Change in Net Interest Income (747) (69) (816) 
 ______________________________ 
 1 The effect of changing volume and rate, which cannot be segregated, has been allocated entirely to the rate column. 
 2 Based on average balances and includes non-accrual loans and are net of unearned income. 

Total FTE interest income increased 3.0 million, or 12.3 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year. ACNB experienced a 2.0 million increase in FTE interest income due to an increase in the yield on interest earning assets and 1.0 million attributable to an increase in the average balance of interest earning assets. FTE interest income on total loans increased 2.8 million, or 13.3 , compared to the same period of 2023. The yield on total loans increased 40 bps, contributing 1.5 million to the increase. Average loans increased 87.2 million, or 5.5 , contributing 1.2 million to the increase in FTE interest income. FTE interest income on investment securities increased 287 thousand, or 9.8 , driven by a higher yield on investment securities partially offset by a lower volume of investment securities. FTE interest income on interest-bearing deposits with banks declined 53 thousand, or 7.3 , attributable to lower average balances of interest-bearing cash used to fund loan growth and deposit outflows offset slightly by a higher interest rate environment. 
 
 Total interest expense increased 3.8 million, or 153.1 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year. Total average interest-bearing deposits decreased 54.4 million, or 3.9 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023; however, average time deposit balances increased 45.9 million, or 21.6 , due to ongoing promotions. Interest expense increased 2.1 million due to higher rates on interest-bearing deposits. The cost of interest-bearing deposits was 0.92 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 66 bps from the three months ended September 30, 2023. The largest increases in rates were in time deposits and money markets which increased 209 and 62 bps, respectively. Total average borrowings increased 132.5 million, or 82.0 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year, contributing 1.7 million to the increase in interest expense. 
 36 

Provision for Credit Losses and Unfunded Commitments 
 
 The provisions for credit losses and unfunded commitments were 81 thousand and 40 thousand, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a provision for credit losses of 250 thousand and a reversal of unfunded commitments of 171 thousand for the same period of the prior year. The determination of the provisions was a result of the analysis of the adequacy of the ACL and unfunded commitments calculations. Each quarter, the Corporation assesses risks and reserves required compared with the balances in the allowance for credit losses and unfunded commitments. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest income: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) (In thousands) 2024 2023 NONINTEREST INCOME Insurance commissions 2,787 2,629 158 6.0 Service charges on deposits 1,048 1,000 48 4.8 Wealth management 1,188 953 235 24.7 ATM debit card charges 828 845 (17) (2.0) Earnings on investment in bank-owned life insurance 503 473 30 6.3 Gain from mortgage loans held for sale 112 112 100.0 Net gains (losses) on equity securities 28 (27) 55 203.7 Gain on assets held for sale 14 (14) (100.0) Other 339 410 (71) (17.3) Total Noninterest Income 6,833 6,297 536 8.5 
 
 Total noninterest income was 6.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 6.3 million for the same period of the prior year, a 536 thousand, or 8.5 , increase. The more significant fluctuations by category are explained below: 
 Insurance commissions increased 158 thousand, or 6.0 , compared to the same period of the prior year driven primarily by growth in commissions on policy renewals and new business. 
 Wealth management income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 235 thousand, or 24.7 , compared to the same period of the prior year driven primarily by portfolio market appreciation, estate income and new business generation. 
 Gain from mortgage loans held for sale totaled 112 thousand compared to none in the same period of the prior year. 
 
 Net gains on equity securities totaled 28 thousand compared to losses of 27 thousand in the same period of the prior year. 
 37 

Noninterest Expenses 
 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest expense: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) (In thousands) 2024 2023 NONINTEREST EXPENSES Salaries and employee benefits 11,017 10,069 948 9.4 Equipment 1,698 1,554 144 9.3 Net occupancy 945 942 3 0.3 Professional services 409 617 (208) (33.7) FDIC and regulatory 365 388 (23) (5.9) Other tax 360 323 37 11.5 Intangible assets amortization 304 352 (48) (13.6) Supplies and postage 236 229 7 3.1 Marketing and corporate relations 99 159 (60) (37.7) Merger-related 1,137 1,137 100.0 Other 1,674 1,703 (29) (1.7) Total Noninterest Expenses 18,244 16,336 1,908 11.7 
 Noninterest expenses totaled 18.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, an 11.7 increase compared to the same period of the prior year. The more significant fluctuations by category are explained below: 
 Salaries and employee benefits, the largest component of noninterest expenses, increased 9.4 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 to 11.0 million compared to 10.1 million in the same period of the prior year. The increase was driven primarily by higher employee health insurance expense and higher base wages. 
 Equipment expenses increased 144 thousand, or 9.3 , driven primarily by higher core system processing expenses and incremental purchases of office equipment. 
 Professional services decreased 208 thousand, or 33.7 , driven primarily by lower recruiting expenses for talent acquisition and consulting expenses. 
 Marketing and corporate relations decreased 60 thousand, or 37.7 , driven primarily by rebranding expenses incurred for the Bank s Maryland banking locations during the same period of the prior year. 
 Merger-related expenses included legal, external accounting, loan review and advisory fees incurred for the Traditions acquisition. The acquisition was reported on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 24, 2024. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 The Corporation recognized income taxes of 2.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2.6 million during the same period of the prior year. The provision for income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 reflects a combined Federal and State ETR of 23.4 compared to an ETR of 22.2 for the same period of the prior year. Any variances from the federal statutory rate of 21 are generally due to tax-free income, which includes interest income on tax-free loans and investment securities and income from bank-owned life insurance policies, federal income tax credits, and the impact of non-tax deductible expense. Additionally, ACNB has incurred non-deductible costs related to the pending acquisition of Traditions Bank which are recorded within merger-related costs on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 25.3 million compared to 27.6 million for the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 2.3 million or 8.5 . Diluted earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 2.96 and 3.23, respectively, resulting in an 8.4 decrease. The decrease in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven primarily by a decrease in net interest income and higher noninterest expenses, including 
 38 

merger-related expenses, partially offset by a reversal of the provision for credit losses and unfunded commitments and an increase in noninterest income. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income totaled 62.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 66.8 million for the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 4.3 million, or 6.5 . The FTE net interest margin for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 3.79 , a 32 bps decrease from 4.11 for the same period of the prior year. The decrease in FTE net interest margin was driven primarily by an increase in long-term borrowings and promotional time deposit balances and costs. The Corporation manages the risk associated with changes in interest rates through the techniques described within Item 3, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following table provides a comparative average balance sheet and net interest income analysis for the periods presented. The discussion following this table is based on these taxable-equivalent amounts. 

39 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest 1 
 Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest 1 
 Yield/ Rate ASSETS Loans: Taxable 1,601,520 67,253 5.61 1,479,690 58,130 5.25 Tax-exempt 64,161 1,194 2.49 75,657 1,353 2.39 Total Loans 2 
 1,665,681 68,447 5.49 1,555,347 59,483 5.11 Investment Securities: Taxable 450,297 8,932 2.65 507,061 8,647 2.28 Tax-exempt 54,644 1,078 2.64 55,307 1,118 2.70 Total Investments 3 
 504,941 10,010 2.65 562,368 9,765 2.32 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 51,258 2,104 5.48 71,645 2,627 4.90 Total Earning Assets 2,221,880 80,561 4.84 2,189,360 71,875 4.39 Cash and due from banks 21,091 30,891 Premises and equipment 25,939 26,415 Other assets 186,330 159,544 Allowance for credit losses (19,071) (18,807) Total Assets 2,436,169 2,387,403 LIABILITIES Interest-bearing demand deposits 514,757 1,092 0.28 580,180 690 0.16 Money markets 247,710 1,841 0.99 276,154 277 0.13 Savings deposits 326,895 84 0.03 385,753 94 0.03 Time deposits 255,203 4,898 2.56 234,951 826 0.47 Total Interest-Bearing Deposits 1,344,565 7,915 0.79 1,477,038 1,887 0.17 Short-term borrowings 40,993 847 2.76 47,852 564 1.58 Long-term borrowings 253,116 8,823 4.66 58,333 2,078 4.76 Total Borrowings 294,109 9,670 4.39 106,185 2,642 3.33 Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities 1,638,674 17,585 1.43 1,583,223 4,529 0.38 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 483,095 550,206 Other liabilities 28,406 (2,552) Stockholders Equity 285,994 256,526 Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 2,436,169 2,387,403 Taxable Equivalent Net Interest Income 62,976 67,346 Taxable Equivalent Adjustment (477) (519) Net Interest Income 62,499 66,827 Cost of Funds 1.11 0.28 FTE Net Interest Margin 3.79 4.11 _____________________________ 
 1 Income on interest-earning assets has been computed on a fully taxable equivalent basis using the 21 federal income tax statutory rate. 
 2 Average balances include non-accrual loans and are net of unearned income. 
 3 Average balance of investment securities is computed at fair value. 

40 

The following table analyzes the relative impact on FTE net interest income attributed to changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in yields and rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 : 
 
 2024 versus 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Volume Yield/Rate 1 
 Net INTEREST EARNING ASSETS Loans Taxable 4,788 4,335 9,123 Tax-exempt (206) 47 (159) Total Loans 2 
 4,582 4,382 8,964 Securities Taxable securities (969) 1,254 285 Tax-exempt securities (13) (27) (40) Total Securities (982) 1,227 245 Interest-bearing deposits with banks (748) 225 (523) Total 2,852 5,834 8,686 INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES Interest bearing demand deposits (78) 480 402 Money markets (28) 1,592 1,564 Savings deposits (13) 3 (10) Time deposits 71 4,001 4,072 Total Interest-Bearing Deposits (48) 6,076 6,028 Short-term borrowings (81) 364 283 Long-term borrowings 6,941 (196) 6,745 Total Borrowings 6,860 168 7,028 Total 6,812 6,244 13,056 Change in Net Interest Income (3,960) (410) (4,370) 
 ______________________________ 
 1 The effect of changing volume and rate, which cannot be segregated, has been allocated entirely to the rate column. 
 2 Based on average balances and includes non-accrual loans and are net of unearned income. 
 
 Total FTE interest income increased 8.7 million, or 12.1 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year. ACNB experienced a 5.8 million increase in FTE interest income due to an increase in the yield on interest earning assets and a 2.9 million increase attributable to higher volume. Average loans increased 110.3 million, or 7.1 , contributing 4.6 million to the increase in FTE interest income. The average yield on loans increased 38 bps, contributing 4.4 million to the increase in FTE interest income. FTE interest income on investment securities increased 245 thousand driven primarily by a higher yield on investment securities partially offset by a lower volume of investment securities. FTE interest income on interest-bearing deposits with banks declined 523 thousand, or 19.9 , attributable to lower average balances of interest-bearing cash used to fund loan growth and deposit outflows offset slightly by a higher interest rate environment. 
 
 Total interest expense increased 13.1 million, or 288.3 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year. The increase was driven primarily by an increase in long-term borrowings and promotional time deposit balances and costs. Total average borrowings increased 187.9 million, or 177.0 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year, contributing 6.9 million to the increase in interest expense. Total average interest-bearing deposits decreased 132.5 million, or 9.0 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year; however, average time deposit balances increased 20.3 million, or 8.6 , due to ongoing promotions. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits increased 62 bps for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year, contributing 6.1 million to interest expense. The largest increases in rates were in time deposits and money markets which increased 209 and 86 bps, respectively. 
 
 41 

Provision for Credit Losses and Unfunded Commitments 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were reversals of 2.7 million and 370 thousand for the provisions for credit losses and for unfunded commitments, respectively, compared to provisions for credit losses and unfunded commitments of 74 thousand and 226 thousand, respectively, for the same period of the prior year. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Corporation revised estimates driven by a realignment of the peer group used for the CECL allowance process, an update to loss driver factors from third-party data, and an update to the application of prepayment and curtailment rate studies since implementation of CECL on January 1, 2023. These estimates, which were based on more current information available as of June 30, 2024, drove input assumptions which were used in the determination of the Corporation s allowance for credit losses and the reserve for unfunded commitments. These updated estimates were the primary drivers in the decrease in the provision for credit losses and unfunded commitments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year. Each quarter, the Corporation assesses risks and reserves required compared with the balances in the allowance for credit losses and unfunded commitments. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest income: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) (In thousands) 2024 2023 NONINTEREST INCOME Insurance commissions 7,649 7,371 278 3.8 Service charges on deposits 3,060 2,951 109 3.7 Wealth management 3,219 2,772 447 16.1 ATM debit card charges 2,488 2,502 (14) (0.6) Earnings on investment in bank-owned life insurance 1,473 1,399 74 5.3 Gain from mortgage loans held for sale 194 31 163 525.8 Net gains (losses) on sales or calls of securities 69 (739) 808 109.3 Net gains (losses) on equity securities 19 (22) 41 186.4 Gain on assets held for sale 337 (337) (100.0) Other 756 873 (117) (13.4) Total Noninterest Income 18,927 17,475 1,452 8.3 
 
 Total noninterest income was 18.9 million for nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 17.5 million for the same period of 2023, a 1.5 million, or 8.3 , increase. The more significant fluctuations by category are explained below: 
 Insurance commissions increased 278 thousand, or 3.8 , compared to the same period of the prior year driven primarily by growth in commissions on policy renewals and new business, partially offset by lower contingent income. 
 Wealth management income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 447 thousand, or 16.1 , compared to the same period of the prior year driven primarily by portfolio market appreciation, estate income and new business generation. 
 Net gains (losses) on sales or calls of securities increased 808 thousand as a result of a gain of 69 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a loss of 739 thousand in the same period of the prior year. 
 There were no gains on assets held for sale for nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 337 thousand for the same period of the prior year as a result of the sale of three community banking offices in the prior year. 
 
 42 

Noninterest Expenses 
 
 The following table presents the components of noninterest expense: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) (In thousands) 2024 2023 NONINTEREST EXPENSES Salaries and employee benefits 32,611 30,335 2,276 7.5 Equipment 4,997 4,784 213 4.5 Net occupancy 3,066 2,981 85 2.9 Professional services 1,554 1,600 (46) (2.9) FDIC and regulatory 1,088 932 156 16.7 Other tax 1,086 965 121 12.5 Intangible assets amortization 940 1,072 (132) (12.3) Supplies and postage 610 633 (23) (3.6) Marketing and corporate relations 275 472 (197) (41.7) Merger-related 1,160 1,160 100.0 Other 4,910 5,125 (215) (4.2) Total Noninterest Expenses 52,297 48,899 3,398 6.9 
 
 Noninterest expenses totaled 52.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 6.9 increase compared to the same period of 2023. The more significant fluctuations by category are explained below: 
 Salaries and employee benefits, the largest component of noninterest expenses, increased 2.3 million, or 7.5 , to 32.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was driven primarily by higher base wages, employee health insurance expense and incentive payment accruals. 
 Professional services decreased 46 thousand, or 2.9 , driven primarily by lower legal fees, timing of internal audit expenses and lower recruiting expenses for talent acquisition. 
 FDIC and regulatory increased 156 thousand, or 16.7 , as a result of a higher FDIC assessment rate for 2024. 
 Marketing and corporate relations decreased 197 thousand, or 41.7 , driven primarily by the rebranding expenses incurred for the Bank s Maryland banking locations during the same period of the prior year. 
 Other noninterest expense decreased 215 thousand, or 4.2 , driven primarily by decreases in third-party vendors costs and a loss related to the write-off of a limited partnership investment in the prior year. 
 Merger-related expenses included legal, external auditing, loan review and advisory fees incurred for the Traditions acquisition. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 The Corporation recognized income taxes of 6.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 7.5 million during the same period of the prior year. The provision for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflects a combined Federal and State ETR of 21.5 compared to an ETR of 21.4 for the same period of the prior year. Any variances from the federal statutory rate of 21 are generally due to tax-free income, which includes interest income on tax-free loans and investment securities and income from life insurance policies, federal income tax credits, and the impact of non-tax deductible expense. Additionally, ACNB has incurred non-deductible costs related to the pending acquisition of Traditions Bank which are recorded within merger-related costs on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 43 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Assets totaled 2.42 billion at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 ACNB uses investment securities to manage interest rate risk, provide collateral for certain funding products, provide liquidity and generate interest and dividend income. The investment portfolio is comprised of U.S. Government and agencies, mortgage-backed, state and municipal, and corporate securities. These securities provide the appropriate characteristics with respect to credit quality, yield and maturity relative to the management of the overall balance sheet. 
 
 Total investment securities were 483.6 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 517.2 million at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 6.5 . The Corporation sold securities and allowed the portfolio to naturally cash flow to support loan growth and offset deposit outflows during the first nine months of 2024 as a result of general balance sheet management. At September 30, 2024, the securities balance included a net unrealized loss on AFS securities of 36.8 million on amortized cost of 454.9 million compared to a net unrealized loss of 50.2 million on amortized cost of 501.9 million at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the securities balance included HTM securities with an amortized cost of 64.6 million and a fair value of 59.0 million as compared to an amortized cost of 64.6 million and a fair value of 59.1 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Corporation does not own investments consisting of pools of Alt-A or subprime mortgages, private label mortgage-backed securities, or trust preferred investments. 
 
 Loans 
 
 The following table presents the composition of the loan portfolio as follows: 
 Increase (Decrease) (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial real estate 957,904 898,709 59,195 6.6 Residential mortgage 397,994 394,189 3,805 1.0 Commercial and industrial 152,148 152,344 (196) (0.1) Home equity lines of credit 84,316 90,163 (5,847) (6.5) Real estate construction 75,953 84,341 (8,388) (9.9) Consumer 9,773 9,954 (181) (1.8) Gross loans 1,678,088 1,629,700 48,388 3.0 Unearned income (976) (1,712) 736 43.0 Total Loans, Net of Unearned Income 1,677,112 1,627,988 49,124 3.0 
 
 Total loans, net of unearned income, outstanding increased 49.1 million, or 3.0 , from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. The increase was driven by growth in the commercial real estate portfolio. The growth in the commercial real estate portfolio was spread throughout ACNB s geographic footprint and across various property types. The collateral for these loans is primarily spread across our Pennsylvania and Maryland market areas. Despite the intense competition in the Corporation s Market Areas, management continues to focus on asset quality and disciplined underwriting standards in the loan origination process. ACNB does not have a significant concentration of credit risk with any single borrower, industry or geographic location. Most of the Corporation s lending activities are with customers located within the Bank s Market Area. 
 
 The commercial real estate portfolio grew 59.2 million, or 6.6 , in 2024. The collateral for these loans is primarily spread across Pennsylvania and Maryland, 55.6 and 42.8 , respectively, at September 30, 2024, compared to 53.1 and 44.5 , respectively, at September 30, 2023. Less than 3 of the portfolio is for real estate in Urban areas such as Baltimore, Maryland and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The largest sectors of the commercial real estate portfolio are retail and mixed-use commercial rental units, office complexes and hotels, motels and bed and breakfast entities. Non-owner occupied commercial real estate represented 61.7 of the commercial real estate portfolio. Non-owner occupied commercial real estate borrowers are geographically dispersed throughout ACNB s Market Area and are leasing commercial properties to a varied group of tenants including medical offices, retail space, and other commercial purpose facilities. Because of the varied nature of the tenants, in aggregate, management believes that these loans present an acceptable risk when compared to commercial loans in general. 
 44 

The following chart details the percentage of the various categories included in the portfolio: 
 
 ___________________________________________ 
 1 Constitutes over 40 loan categories that do not fit into the categories presented above 
 The concentration of non-owner occupied commercial real estate, construction, and multi-family was 206.4 of total capital of the Bank as of September 30, 2024. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses and Asset Quality 
 
 The ACL at September 30, 2024 was 17.2 million, or 1.03 of total loans, net of unearned income as compared to 20.0 million, or 1.23 of loans, at December 31, 2023 and 19.3 million, or 1.19 of loans, at September 30, 2023. 
 Changes in the ACL were as follows for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning balance 17,162 19,148 19,969 17,861 Impact of CECL adoption 1,618 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 81 250 (2,686) 74 Loans charged-off (51) (190) (163) (389) Recoveries on charged-off loans 22 56 94 100 Ending balance 17,214 19,264 17,214 19,264 Net charge-offs to average loans (annualized) 0.01 0.03 0.01 0.02 
 
 Loans greater than or equal to 90 days past due and accruing were 438 thousand as of September 30, 2024 and 1.2 million as of December 31, 2023. Nonaccrual loans totaled 6.1 million and 3.0 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Nonaccrual loans increased 3.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily the result of one long-standing commercial relationship in the healthcare industry, comprised of both owner-occupied commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans. The ratio of non-performing assets to total assets was 0.29 at September 30, 2024 compared to 0.19 at December 31, 2023 and 0.17 at September 30, 2023. 
 45 

Information on nonaccrual loans, by collateral type rather than loan segment, at September 30, 2024, as compared to December 31, 2023, is as follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Number of Credit Relationships Balance Current Specific Loss Allocations Current Year Charge-Offs Location Originated September 30, 2024 Owner occupied commercial real estate 6 3,606 138 In market 2006-2022 Commercial and industrial 4 2,359 905 In market 2009-2023 Home equity lines of credit 1 168 In market 2009 Total 11 6,133 1,043 December 31, 2023 Owner occupied commercial real estate 7 1,822 175 In market 2006-2019 Commercial and industrial 4 1,004 901 In market 2014-2021 Home equity lines of credit 1 185 In market 2009 Total 12 3,011 1,076 
 All nonaccrual loans are to borrowers located within ACNB s Market Area and were originated by ACNB s banking subsidiary. 
 Deposits 
 Deposits were comprised of the following for the periods presented: 
 Increase (Decrease) (In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 463,501 500,332 (36,831) (7.4) Interest-bearing demand deposits 509,930 524,289 (14,359) (2.7) Money market 249,197 264,907 (15,710) (5.9) Savings 311,958 340,134 (28,176) (8.3) Total demand and savings 1,534,586 1,629,662 (95,076) (5.8) Time 256,731 232,151 24,580 10.6 Total deposits 1,791,317 1,861,813 (70,496) (3.8) 
 ACNB relies on deposits as a primary source of funds for lending activities with total deposits of 1.79 billion as of September 30, 2024. Deposits decreased by 70.5 million, or 3.8 , from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 driven primarily by an outflow of municipal deposits. Historically, deposit balances fluctuate reflecting different balance levels held by local companies, government units and school districts during different times of the year. Included in total deposits at September 30, 2024 were municipal deposits totaling 137.4 million, or 7.7 , compared to 176.6 million, or 9.5 , at December 31, 2023. Time deposits increased 24.6 million, or 10.6 , as a result of ongoing deposit promotions that occurred during the first nine months of 2024. Time deposits include brokered deposits totaling 1.5 million at September 30, 2024 and none at December 31, 2023. The loan-to-deposit ratio was 93.62 at September 30, 2024 compared to 87.44 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 ACNB s deposit pricing function employs a disciplined pricing approach based upon liquidity needs and alternative funding rates, but also strives to price deposits to be competitive with relevant local competition, including local government investment trusts, credit unions and larger regional banks. Interest-bearing deposit costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 0.79 compared to 0.17 for the same period of the prior year. The increase in the interest-bearing costs was driven by ongoing deposit promotions that occurred during the first nine months of 2024. Based on total Bank deposits outstanding, consumer and commercial constituted approximately 58 and 42 , respectively, of total Bank deposits as of September 30, 2024. The ratio of uninsured and non-collateralized Bank deposits to total Bank deposits was approximately 19 at 
 46 

September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, cash on hand, the fair value of unencumbered investment securities and collateralized borrowing capacities at the FHLB and the Federal Reserve discount window at the Bank were 310.5 of uninsured and non-collateralized Bank deposits. At September 30, 2024, deposits from the 20 largest unrelated depositors, excluding internal accounts, of the Bank totaled 166.3 million, or 9.2 , of total Bank deposits compared to 192.7 million, or 10.3 , of total Bank deposits at December 31, 2023 . 
 
 Borrowings 
 
 Short-term borrowings are comprised primarily of securities sold under agreements to repurchase and short-term borrowings from the FHLB. As of September 30, 2024, short-term borrowings were 37.8 million, a decrease of 19.1 million, or 33.6 , compared to 56.9 million at December 31, 2023. Agreements to repurchase accounts are within the commercial and local government customer base and have attributes similar to core deposits. Investment securities are pledged in sufficient amounts to collateralize these agreements. Compared to December 31, 2023, securities sold under repurchase agreements balances increased by 10.9 million, or 40.5 , due to normal changes in the cash flow position of ACNB s commercial and local government customer base. There were no short-term FHLB borrowings at September 30, 2024 compared to 30.0 million at December 31, 2023. Short-term FHLB borrowings are used to supplement Bank funding from seasonal and daily fluctuations in the deposit base. A 25.0 million short-term FHLB borrowing was paid off during the quarter. 
 
 Long-term borrowings consist of longer-term advances from the FHLB, trust preferred subordinated debt and subordinated debt. Long-term borrowings totaled 255.3 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 195.3 million at December 31, 2023. During the first nine months of 2024, the bank borrowed 60.0 million from the FHLB at a weighted average fixed rate of 4.30 for a weighted average term of 4.00 years to fund deposit outflows and loan growth. Further borrowings will be used when necessary for a variety of risk management and funding purposes. Please refer to the Liquidity discussion below for more information on the Corporation s ability to borrow. 
 
 Capital 
 
 ACNB s capital management strategies have been developed to provide an appropriate rate of return, in the opinion of management, to shareholders, while maintaining levels above its internal minimums and well-capitalized regulatory position in relationship to its risk exposure. Total stockholders equity was 306.8 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 277.5 million at December 31, 2023. The primary source of additional capital to ACNB is earnings retention, which represents net income less dividends declared and common stock repurchases. During the first nine months of 2024, ACNB retained 17.3 million, or 68.4 , of its net income compared to 20.4 million, or 74.1 , for the same period of 2023. Cash dividends paid to ACNB Corporation stockholders during the first nine months of 2024 totaled 8.0 million, or 0.94 per common share. The dividend payout ratio was 31.64 for the first nine months of 2024. Comparatively, during the first nine months of 2023, ACNB paid cash dividends of 7.2 million, or 0.84 per common share and the dividend payout ratio was 25.94 . 
 
 ACNB Corporation has a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan that provides registered holders of ACNB Corporation common stock with a convenient way to purchase additional shares of common stock by permitting participants in the plan to automatically reinvest cash dividends on all or a portion of the shares owned and to make quarterly voluntary cash payments under the terms of the plan. Participation in the plan is voluntary, and there are eligibility requirements to participate in the plan. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 16,590 shares were issued under this plan with proceeds in the amount of 597 thousand and during the nine months September 30, 2023, 16,580 shares were issued under this plan with proceeds in the amount of 543 thousand. 
 
 On October 24, 2022, the Corporation announced that the Board of Directors approved on October 18, 2022, a new plan to repurchase, in open market and privately negotiated transactions, up to 255,575, or approximately 3 , of the outstanding shares of the Corporation s common stock. This new common stock repurchase program replaces and supersedes any and all earlier announced repurchase plans. As of September 30, 2024, 67,908 shares of common stock have been repurchased under this new plan. 
 
 Regulatory Capital 
 
 The Corporation and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Corporation and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities and certain off- 
 47 

balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 Minimum regulatory capital requirements established by Basel III rules require the Corporation and the Bank to: 
 Meet a minimum Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 4.0 of average assets; 
 Meet a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; 
 Meet a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 of risk-weighted assets; 
 Meet a minimum Total capital ratio of 8.0 of risk-weighted assets; 
 Maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above the minimum risk-based capital requirements, which must be maintained to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus; and, 
 Comply with the definition of capital to improve the ability of regulatory capital instruments to absorb losses. 
 The capital ratios are as follows: 
 Actual For Capital Adequacy Purposes 1 
 To Be Well Capitalized 
 Under Prompt 
 Corrective Action 
 Regulations 2 
 September 30, 2024 Tier 1 Leverage Capital (to average assets) ACNB Corporation 12.46 4.00 N/A ACNB Bank 11.82 4.00 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) ACNB Corporation 16.07 4.50 N/A ACNB Bank 15.71 4.50 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) ACNB Corporation 16.36 6.00 N/A ACNB Bank 15.71 6.00 8.00 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) ACNB Corporation 18.15 8.00 N/A ACNB Bank 16.69 8.00 10.00 December 31, 2023 Tier 1 Leverage Capital (to average assets) ACNB Corporation 11.57 4.00 N/A ACNB Bank 11.12 4.00 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) ACNB Corporation 15.16 4.50 N/A ACNB Bank 14.86 4.50 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) ACNB Corporation 15.46 6.00 N/A ACNB Bank 14.86 6.00 8.00 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) ACNB Corporation 17.41 8.00 N/A ACNB Bank 15.99 8.00 10.00 
 ___________________________ 
 1 Ratios do not include capital conservation buffer. 
 2 N/A - Not applicable as well capitalized applies only to banks. 
 
 48 

Liquidity 
 
 Effective liquidity management ensures the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers as well as the operating cash needs of ACNB are met. ACNB s funds are available from a variety of sources, including assets that are readily convertible such as interest-bearing deposits wit h banks, maturities and repayments from the securities portfolio, scheduled repayments of loans receivable, the core deposit bas e, the ability to raise brokered deposits, and the ability to borrow from the FHLB, Federal Reserve Discount Window and unsecured Federal Funds line providers. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, ACNB s banking subsidiary had borrowing capacity of approximately 920.1 million from the FHLB, of which 684.0 million was available. At September 30, 2024, ACNB s banking subsidiary could borrow approximately 65.1 million from the Discount Window, of which the full amount was available. The underlying collateral at the Discount Window is made up of eligible loan collateral held in a joint-custody account under the Bank s name. 
 
 ACNB s banking subsidiary maintains several unsecured Fed Funds lines with correspondent banks. As of September 30, 2024, Fed Funds line capacity at the banking subsidiary was 192.0 million, of which the full amount was available. ACNB Corporation maintains a 5.0 million unsecured line of credit with a correspondent bank, all of which was available for borrowing as of September 30, 2024. The Corporation also executed a guaranty for a note related to a 1.5 million commercial line of credit from a local bank, with customary terms and conditions for such a line, for ACNB Insurance Services, the borrower and a wholly-owned subsidiary of ACNB Corporation. The commercial line of credit is for general working capital needs as they arise by ACNB Insurance Services and did not have any outstanding balance as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Another source of liquidity is securities sold under repurchase agreements to customers of ACNB s banking subsidiary totaling approximately 37.8 million and 26.9 million at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. These agreements vary in balance according to the cash flow needs of customers and competing accounts at other financial organizations. 
 
 The liquidity of the parent company also represents an important aspect of liquidity management. The parent company s cash outflows consist principally of dividends to shareholders and corporate expenses. The main source of funding for the parent company is the dividends it receives from its subsidiaries. Federal and state banking regulations place certain legal restrictions and other practicable safety and soundness restrictions on dividends paid to the parent company from the subsidiary bank. 
 
 ACNB manages liquidity by monitoring projected cash inflows and outflows on a daily basis, and believes it has sufficient funding sources to maintain sufficient liquidity under varying degrees of business conditions for liquidity and capital resource requirements for all material short- and long-term cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 The Corporation is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and, to a lesser extent, standby letters of credit. At September 30, 2024, the Corporation had unfunded outstanding commitments to extend credit of 363.6 million and outstanding standby letters of credit of 14.4 million. Because these commitments generally have fixed expiration dates and many will expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment level does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 

ITEM 3 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 The primary objective of ACNB s ALCO, with direct oversight from the board of directors, is to maximize net interest income within established policy parameters. This objective is accomplished through the management of balance sheet composition and duration, market risk exposures arising from changing economic conditions, and liquidity risk. 
 
 Market risk comprises exposure to interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, commodity price risk, and other relevant market rate or price risks. Specific to the banking industry, one of the greatest risk exposures is to that of changing market interest rates. The primary objective of monitoring ACNB s interest rate sensitivity risk is to provide management the flexibility necessary to manage the balance sheet to minimize adverse changes in net interest income as a result of changes in the direction and level of interest rates. FOMC monetary policy, economic uncertainty, and fiscal policy changes have been significant factors affecting the task of managing interest rate sensitivity positions in recent years. 
 
 ACNB s ALCO is a management committee responsible for monitoring and managing interest rate risk within approved policy limits utilizing earnings sensitivity simulation and economic value-at-risk models. These models are highly dependent on 
 49 

various assumptions, which change regularly as the balance sheet composition and market interest rates change. The key assumptions and strategies employed are analyzed, reviewed and documented at least annually by the ALCO as well as provided to the Board. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the exposure to fluctuations in the Bank s future earnings (earnings at risk) and value (value at risk) resulting from changes in interest rates. This exposure results from differences between the amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that reprice within a specified time period as a result of scheduled maturities, scheduled and unscheduled repayments, the propensity of borrowers and depositors to react to changes in their economic interests, and contractual loan interest rate changes. 
 
 Management attempts to manage the level of repricing and maturity mismatch through its asset/liability management processes so that fluctuations in net interest income are maintained within policy limits across a range of market conditions while satisfying liquidity and capital requirements. Management recognizes that a certain amount of interest rate risk is inherent, appropriate, and necessary to ensure the Bank s profitability. Thus, the goal of the Bank s interest rate risk management is to minimize the fluctuations of net interest income across all interest rate scenarios. 
 
 Management endeavors to control the exposure to changes in interest rates by understanding, reviewing, and making decisions based on its risk position. The Bank primarily uses its securities portfolio, FHLB advances and brokered deposits to manage its interest rate risk position. Additionally, pricing, promotion, and product development activities are directed in an effort to emphasize the loan and deposit repricing characteristics that best meet current interest rate risk objectives. 
 
 ACNB uses simulation analysis to assess earnings at risk and net present value analysis to assess value at risk. These methods allow management to regularly monitor both the direction and magnitude of its interest rate risk exposure. These analyses require numerous assumptions including, but are not limited to, changes in balance sheet mix, prepayment rates on loans and securities, cash flows and repricing of all financial instruments, changes in volumes and pricing, future shapes of the yield curve, relationship of market interest rates to each other (basis risk), credit spread, and deposit sensitivity. Assumptions are based on management s best estimates, but may not accurately reflect actual results under certain changes in interest rates due to the timing, magnitude, and frequency of rate changes and changes in market conditions and management strategies, among other factors. However, the analyses are useful in quantifying risk and providing a relative gauge of the Corporation s interest rate risk position over time. 
 
 ACNB s ALCO operates under management policies, approved by the board of directors, which define guidelines and limits on the level of risk. The ALCO committee meets regularly and reviews its interest rate risk position and monitors various liquidity ratios to ensure a satisfactory liquidity position. By utilizing the analyses, management can determine changes that may need to be made to the asset and liability mixes to mitigate the change in net interest income under various interest rate scenarios. Management continually evaluates the condition of the economy, the pattern of market interest rates, and other economic data to inform the committee. Regulatory authorities also monitor the Corporation s interest rate risk position along with other liquidity ratios. 
 
 Net Interest Income Sensitivity 
 
 Simulation analysis evaluates the effect of upward and downward changes in market interest rates on future net interest income. The analysis involves changing the interest rates used in determining net interest income over the next twelve months. The resulting percentage change in net interest income in various rate scenarios is an indication of Corporation s short-term interest rate risk. The analysis assumes recent pricing trends in new loan and deposit volumes will continue while balances remain constant. Additional assumptions are applied to modify pricing under the various rate scenarios. 
 
 The simulation analysis results are presented in the table below. At September 30, 2024, results in the falling interest rate scenario project a decrease in net interest income. The Bank is currently modestly asset-sensitive according to the model as interest-earning assets are expected to reprice faster than interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 Economic Value 
 
 Net present value analysis provides information on the risk inherent in the balance sheet that might not be considered in the simulation analysis due to the short time horizon used. The net present value of the balance sheet incorporates the discounted present value of expected asset cash flows minus the discounted present value of expected liability cash flows. The analysis involves changing the interest rates used in determining the expected cash flows and in discounting the cash flows. The 
 50 

resulting percentage change in net present value in various rate scenarios is an indication of the longer-term repricing risk and options embedded in the balance sheet. 
 
 The results at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are reflected below. Funding cost and repricing speed will continue to be a factor in the results of the model. The behavior of the business and retail clients also varies across the rate scenarios, which is reflected in the results. To improve comparability across periods, the Bank strives to follow best practices related to the assumption setting and maintains the size and mix of the period end balance sheet; thus, the results do not reflect actions management may take through the normal course of business that would impact results. 
 12-Month Earnings at Risk Ramps Change in Net Interest Income Change in Market Interest Rates (bps) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Policy Limits (200) (1.6) (2.9) (10.0) (100) (1.5) (1.6) (5.0) 100 1.1 0.3 (5.0) 200 1.3 0.4 (10.0) 
 Value at Risk Ramps Change in Market Value Change in Market Interest Rates (bps) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Policy Limits (200) (19.0) (17.8) (35.0) (100) (7.6) (6.4) (20.0) 100 2.2 1.9 (20.0) 200 1.2 1.1 (35.0) 

ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Corporation carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to the Corporation (including its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be included in periodic SEC filings. 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are Corporation controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 
 There were no changes in the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting. 
 51 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ACNB CORPORATION 
 
 ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which ACNB or its subsidiaries are a party or by which any of their assets are the subject, which could have a material adverse effect on ACNB or its subsidiaries or their results of operations. In addition, no material proceedings are pending or are known to be threatened or contemplated against the Corporation or its subsidiaries by governmental authorities. 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, management has identified the following additional risk factors: 
 
 RISKS RELATING TO THE MERGER OF TRADITIONS BANCORP, INC. INTO ACNB CORPORATION 
 ACNB INCURRED AND WILL CONTINUE TO INCUR SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTION AND MERGER-RELATED COSTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER. 
 ACNB incurred and expects to continue to incur costs associated with combining the operations of the two companies. ACNB is formulating and executing on detailed integration plans to deliver planned synergies. Additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the businesses of ACNB and Traditions. Whether or not the merger is consummated, ACNB will incur substantial expenses, such as financial advisory, legal, accounting, printing, and contract termination fees, in pursuing the merger. Although ACNB expects that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, may offset incremental transaction and merger-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. 
 SOME OF THE CONDITIONS TO CLOSING OF THE MERGER MAY RESULT IN DELAY OR PREVENT COMPLETION OF THE MERGER, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE VALUE OF ACNB S SECURITIES. 
 Completion of the merger is conditioned upon the receipt of approvals by ACNB and Traditions shareholders, certain governmental consents and approvals, including consents and approvals required by the Federal Reserve Board, FDIC, and Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities. Failure to obtain these approvals and consents would prevent consummation of the merger. Even if the approvals are obtained, the effort involved may delay consummation of the merger. Governmental authorities may also impose conditions in connection with the merger that may adversely affect the combined company s operations after the merger. However, ACNB is not required to take any action or agree to any condition or restriction in connection with obtaining any approvals that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on ACNB or the combined company. 
 THE MERGER MAY DISTRACT ACNB S MANAGEMENT TEAM FROM THEIR OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES. 
 The merger could cause the management of ACNB to focus their time and energies on matters related to the merger that otherwise would be directed to the Corporation s business and operations. Any such distraction on the part of management, if significant, could affect management s ability to service existing business, develop new business, and adversely affect the combined company s business and earnings following the merger. 
 IF THE MERGER IS NOT COMPLETED, ACNB WILL HAVE INCURRED SUBSTANTIAL EXPENSES WITHOUT REALIZING THE EXPECTED BENEFITS. 
 ACNB will incur substantial expenses in connection with the merger. The completion of the merger depends on the satisfaction of specified conditions and the receipt of regulatory approvals. ACNB cannot guarantee that these conditions will be met. If the merger is not completed, these expenses could have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of ACNB because it would not have realized the expected benefits from the merger. 
 In addition, if the merger is not completed, ACNB may experience negative reactions from the financial markets and from their respective customers and employees. ACNB also could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the merger or to enforcement proceedings commenced against ACNB to perform its obligations under the reorganization agreement. If the merger is not completed, ACNB cannot assure its shareholders that the risks described above will not materialize and will not materially affect the business, financial results, and stock price of ACNB. 
 52 

LITIGATION AGAINST ACNB OR TRADITIONS, OR THE MEMBERS OF ACNB OR TRADITIONS BOARD OF DIRECTORS, COULD PREVENT OR DELAY THE COMPLETION OF THE MERGER. 
 While ACNB and Traditions believe that any claims that may be asserted by purported shareholder plaintiffs related to the merger would be without merit, the results of any such potential legal proceedings are difficult to predict and such legal proceedings could delay or prevent the merger from being completed in a timely manner. If litigation were to be commenced related to the merger, such litigation could affect the likelihood of obtaining the required approvals from ACNB shareholders and Traditions shareholders. Moreover, any litigation could be time consuming and expensive, and could divert the attention of the management of ACNB and Traditions away from their regular business. Any lawsuit adversely resolved against the ACNB, Traditions, or members of ACNB or Traditions board of directors could have a material adverse effect on each party s business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 POST-MERGER INTEGRATION AND CHANGE OF ACNB S HISTORICAL BUSINESS MODEL MAY FAIL TO ACHIEVE EXPECTED RESULTS. 
 The success of the transaction depends heavily on a smooth integration and post-merger operations of the combined company. Benefits of the transaction to shareholders may not be realized if the post-merger integration is not well executed or well received by each company s historical customers. 
 
 ACNB MAY FAIL TO REALIZE THE COST SAVINGS IT EXPECTS TO ACHIEVE FROM THE MERGER. 
 The success of the merger will depend, in part, on ACNB s ability to realize the estimated cost savings from combining the businesses of ACNB and Traditions. While ACNB believes that the cost savings estimates are achievable, it is possible that the potential cost savings could be more difficult to achieve than ACNB anticipates. ACNB s cost savings estimates also depend on its ability to combine the businesses of ACNB and Traditions in a manner that permits those cost savings to be realized. If ACNB s estimates are incorrect or it is unable to combine the two companies successfully, the anticipated cost savings may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. 
 COMBINING ACNB AND TRADITIONS MAY BE MORE DIFFICULT, COSTLY, OR TIME-CONSUMING THAN EXPECTED. 
 ACNB and Traditions have operated and, until the completion of the merger, will continue to operate independently. The integration process could result in the loss of key employees, disruption of each company s ongoing business, and inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect either company s ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger. As with any merger of financial institutions, there also may be disruptions that cause ACNB and Traditions to lose customers or cause customers to withdraw their deposits from ACNB or Traditions, or have other unintended consequences, that could have a material adverse effect on ACNB s financial condition and results of operations. 

ITEM 2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 On May 5, 2009, shareholders approved and adopted the amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of ACNB Corporation to authorize up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 2.50 per share. As of September 30, 2024, there were no issued or outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 
 On May 1, 2018, shareholders approved and ratified the ACNB Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of March 20, 2018, in which awards shall not exceed, in the aggregate, 400,000 shares of common stock, plus any shares that were authorized, but not issued, under the ACNB Corporation 2009 Restricted Stock Plan. As of September 30, 2024, there were 138,019 shares issued under this plan. The maximum number of shares that may yet be granted under this plan is 436,036. The Corporation s Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S-8 for the ACNB Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2019. In addition, on March 8, 2019, the Corporation filed Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 for the ACNB Corporation 2009 Restricted Stock Plan to add the ACNB Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan to the registration statement to reflect that the remaining unissued shares under the 2009 Restricted Stock Plan may instead be issued under the 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 On October 24, 2022, the Corporation announced that the Board of Directors approved on October 18, 2022, a new plan to repurchase, in open market and privately negotiated transactions, up to 255,575, or approximately 3 , of the outstanding shares of the Corporation s common stock. This new common stock repurchase program replaces and supersedes any and all earlier announced repurchase plans. There were 2,642 shares repurchased during the three months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, 67,908 shares of common stock had been repurchased under this plan. 
 53 

Following is a summary of the Corporation s purchases of common stock during the third quarter of 2024: 
 
 Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plan Maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan July 1 - July 31, 2024 65,266 190,309 August 1 - August 31, 2024 2,583 38.59 (39) 67,849 187,726 September 1 - September 31, 2024 59 38.99 (39) 67,908 187,667 

ITEM 3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES NOTHING TO REPORT. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES NOT APPLICABLE. 

ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Corporation or a Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 54 

ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 
 The following exhibits are included in this report: 
 Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among ACNB Corporation, ACNB South Acquisition Subsidiary, LLC, ACNB Bank, New Windsor Bancorp, Inc., and New Windsor State Bank dated as of November 21, 2016, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-215914 on Form S-4, filed with the Commission on February 6, 2017.) Schedules are omitted; the Registrant agrees to furnish copies of Schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Exhibit 2.2 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among ACNB Corporation, ACNB South Acquisition Subsidiary, LLC, ACNB Bank, New Windsor Bancorp, Inc., and New Windsor State Bank dated as of April 18, 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, filed with the Commission on August 4, 2017.) 
 Exhibit 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among ACNB Corporation, ACNB South Acquisition Subsidiary, LLC, ACNB Bank, Frederick County Bancorp, Inc. and Frederick County Bank dated as of July 1, 2019. (Incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Registrant s Registration Statement No. 333-233791 on Form S-4, filed with the Commission on September 16, 2019.) Schedules are omitted; the Registrant agrees to furnish copies of Schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Exhibit 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization by and among ACNB Corporation, ACNB South Acquisition Subsidiary, LLC, ACNB Bank, Traditions Bancorp, Inc. and Traditions Bank dated as of July 23, 2024. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on July 24, 2024.) Schedules are omitted; the Registrant agrees to furnish copies of Schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Exhibit 3(i) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of ACNB Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on May 7, 2018.) 
 Exhibit 3(ii) Amended and Restated Bylaws of ACNB Corporation. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 21, 2024.) 
 Exhibit 4.1 Form of ACNB Corporation 4.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due March 31, 2031. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 30, 2021.) 
 Exhibit 10.1 ACNB Bank Amended and Restated Executive Supplemental Life Insurance Plan Applicable to James P. Helt, Douglas A. Seibel and Laurie A. Laub. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, filed with the Commission on March 6, 2015.) 
 Exhibit 10.2 ACNB Bank Amended and Restated Director Supplemental Life Insurance Plan Applicable to Kimberly S. Chaney, Frank Elsner, III, Todd L. Herring, Scott L. Kelley, James J. Lott, Donna M. Newell, Daniel W. Potts, D. Arthur Seibel, Jr. and Alan J. Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, filed with the Commission on March 6, 2015.) 
 Exhibit 10.3 ACNB Bank Amended and Restated Director Deferred Fee Plan Applicable to Kimberly S. Chaney, Frank Elsner, III, Todd L. Herring, Scott L. Kelley, James J. Lott, Donna M. Newell, D. Arthur Seibel, Jr. and Alan J. Stock. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2012.) 
 Exhibit 10.4 ACNB Bank Salary Savings Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on November 4, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.5 Group Pension Plan for Employees of ACNB Bank. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed with the Commission on November 4, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.6 ACNB Corporation 2009 Restricted Stock Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix C of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Commission on March 25, 2009.) 
 
 55 

Exhibit 10.7 Salary Continuation Agreement by and between ACNB Bank and James P. Helt dated as of March 28, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed with the Commission on March 7, 2014.) 
 Exhibit 10.8 ACNB Bank Variable Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2014, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Commission on March 14, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.9 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among ACNB Corporation, ACNB Bank and James P. Helt dated as of October 5, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 7, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.10 ACNB Corporation 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Commission on March 27, 2018.) 
 Exhibit 10.11 Form of Exhibit B Split Dollar Policy Endorsement to ACNB Bank Amended and Restated Director Supplemental Life Insurance Plan dated November 27, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 28, 2018.) 
 Exhibit 10.12 Salary Continuation Agreement by and between ACNB Bank and James P. Helt dated as of November 27, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 28, 2018.) 
 Exhibit 10.13 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated March 30, 2021, by and among ACNB Corporation and the Purchasers. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 30, 2021.) 
 Exhibit 10.14 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and among ACNB Corporation, ACNB Bank and Jason H. Weber dated as of October 5, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 7, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.15 Form of ACNB Bank Variable Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees dated as of March 15, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 21, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.16 Form of ACNB Bank Variable Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Non-Employee Directors dated as of March 15, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 21, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.17 Salary Continuation Agreement by and between ACNB Bank and James P. Helt dated as of October 5, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 7, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.18 Salary Continuation Agreement by and between ACNB Bank and Jason H. Weber dated as of October 5, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 7, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.19 First Amendment to ACNB Bank Salary Continuation Agreement by and between ACNB Bank and James P. Helt dated as of October 5, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 7, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.20 First Amendment to ACNB Bank Salary Continuation Agreement by and between ACNB Bank and Jason H. Weber dated as of October 5, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.7 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 7, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.21 Salary Continuation Agreement by and between ACNB Bank and Jason H. Weber dated as of January 31, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.8 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on October 7, 2022.) 
 Exhibit 10.22 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between ACNB Bank and Douglas A. Seibel dated as of October 20, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Commission on March 3, 2023.) 
 
 56 

Exhibit 10.23 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan by and between ACNB Bank and Douglas A. Seibel dated as of November 27, 2018. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 28, 2018.) 
 Exhibit 10.24 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan by and between ACNB Bank and Douglas A. Seibel dated as of October 20, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Commission on March 3, 2023.) 
 Exhibit 10.25 Form of ACNB Bank Variable Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees dated as of March 15, 2023. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 21, 2023.) 
 Exhibit 10.26 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between ACNB Bank and Laurie A. Laub dated as of October 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Commission on March 14, 2024.) 
 Exhibit 10.27 First Amendment to ACNB Bank Salary Continuation Agreement by and between ACNB Bank and Laurie A. Laub dated as of October 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Commission on March 14, 2024.) 
 Exhibit 10.28 Salary Continuation Agreement by and between ACNB Bank and Laurie A. Laub dated as of October 6, 2022. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Commission on March 14, 2024.) 
 Exhibit 10.29 First Amendment to ACNB Bank Amended and Restated Executive Supplemental Life Insurance Plan dated December 31, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 3, 2023.) 
 Exhibit 10.30 ACNB Bank 2023 Executive Supplemental Life Insurance Plan dated November 1, 2023 and Participant Election Form. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on November 3, 2023.) 
 Exhibit 10.31 Form of ACNB Bank Variable Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Employees dated as of March 15, 2024. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 20, 2024.) 
 Exhibit 31.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification of Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Exhibit 31.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification of Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Exhibit 32.1 Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Exhibit 32.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document The Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. Exhibit 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. Exhibit 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ACNB CORPORATION (Registrant) 
 Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ James P. Helt James P. Helt President Chief Executive Officer /s/ Jason H. Weber Jason H. Weber Executive Vice President/Treasurer Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 58 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 acnb-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, James P. Helt, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of ACNB Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and, 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and, 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and, 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s James P. Helt James P. Helt President & Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 acnb-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Jason H. Weber, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of ACNB Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and, 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and, 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and, 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 By s Jason H. Weber Jason H. Weber Executive Vice President Treasurer & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 acnb-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of ACNB Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, James P. Helt, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 By s James P. Helt James P. Helt President & Chief Executive Officer Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 acnb-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of ACNB Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jason H. Weber, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 By s Jason H, Weber Jason H. Weber Executive Vice President Treasurer & Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 acnb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 acnb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 acnb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 acnb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 acnb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

