<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241127_10-Q_edgar_data_1829953_0001477932-24-007721.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4555042</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>134660</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>749786</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>966259</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1127603</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1486075</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007721.hdr.sgml : 20241127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241127172403
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007721
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Corner Growth Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001829953
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39814
		FILM NUMBER:		241512502

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		418 BROADWAY #6183
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12207
		BUSINESS PHONE:		347-268-7868

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		418 BROADWAY #6183
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12207

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007721.txt : 20241127

10-Q
 1
 corner_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

corner_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Quarterly Period Ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______________ to ______ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class Ticker symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A Indicate whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 and Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No There are Class A Ordinary Shares and 175,000 Class B Ordinary Shares outstanding as of November 27, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 3 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 30 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 41 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 42 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 42 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 42 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 42 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 42 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 42 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 43 SIGNATURES 44 2 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account Total Assets LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities Due to related party Due to shareholders Accrued expenses Total current liabilities Warrant liabilities Deferred underwriting fee payable Total Liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value as of September 30, 2024 and shares at redemption value as of December 31, 2023 Shareholders Deficit Preference Shares, par value, shares authorized; none issued and outstanding Class A ordinary Shares, par value, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Class B ordinary Shares, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Shareholders Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 3 Table of Contents CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 For the three months ended September 30, 2023 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Restated Operating and formation costs Loss from operations Other income (loss) Earnings and realized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account Transaction costs Debt forgiveness Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Net income (loss) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A redeemable ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Class A redeemable ordinary share Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A nonredeemable ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Class A nonredeemable ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 4 Table of Contents CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITON CORP. Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit (Unaudited) Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Paid- Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount in Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, January 1, 2024 Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net loss - - Balance, March 31, 2024 Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net loss - - Balance, June 30, 2024 Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Cancellation of Private Warrants Forgivness of due to related party balance Waiver of deferred underwriting commissions by underwriter Net Profit - - Balance, September 30, 2024 Balance, January 1, 2023 - Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net loss - - Balance, March 31, 2023 - Conversion of Class B ordinary shares to Class A nonredeemable ordinary shares Accrual of deferred underwriting fee payable (restated) - - Transaction cost allocation for change in deferred underwiting fee (restated) - - Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net loss (restated) - - Balance, June 30, 2023 (restated) Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net income - - Balance, September 30, 2023 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 5 Table of Contents CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITON CORP. Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Restated Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Earnings and realized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account Debt Forgiveness Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Transaction costs attributable to warrant liabilities Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued expenses Due to related party Prepaid expenses Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Proceeds received from Trust Account Net cash provided by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Payments to Class A ordinary shareholders for redemption of shares Net cash used in financing activities Net change in cash Cash at beginning of the period Cash at end of the period Non-cash financing activities: Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (Waiver) / Accrual of deferred underwriting fee payable Cancellation of private warrants Conversion of Class B ordinary shares to Class A nonredeemable ordinary shares Forgivness of due to related parties Operting expense liability assumed by related party See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements 6 Table of Contents CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (Unaudited) . The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). The Company is an emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on businesses in the technology industries primarily located in the United States. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity through September 30, 2024 relates to the Company s formation, its initial public offering described below (the Initial Public Offering and, since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for initial Business Combination candidates, and since the signing of the Business Combination Agreement described below, the completion of this proposed transaction. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering and will recognize changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities as other income (loss). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company s original sponsor is CGA Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Original Sponsor ). The registration statements for the Company s Initial Public Offering were declared effective on December 16, 2020. On December 21, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares, par value per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), which includes the partial exercise by the underwriters of the overallotment option to purchase an additional Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement (the Private Placement to CGA Sponsor LLC, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs. As further described in Note 5, effective December 20, 2022, in accordance with a fee reduction agreement, the underwriter agreed to irrevocably forfeit of the aggregate deferred fee that would otherwise be payable to it in cash pursuant the underwriting agreement, resulting in a reduced deferred fee of , which shall be payable to the underwriter upon consummation of an initial business combination, as originally set forth in the underwriting agreement. 7 Table of Contents per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United States and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), as determined by the Company. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company Act, on March 28, 2024, the Company instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government securities or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s shareholders, as described below. As more fully described in Note 5, on June 23, 2023, the Company and the underwriter agreed to terminate the December 20,2022 fee reduction agreement solely upon execution of a side letter. On June 23, 2023, in accordance with the duly executed side letter, the Company and the underwriter agreed that the underwriter will irrevocably forfeit (instead of 10,000,000) of the aggregate Original Fee that would otherwise be payable to it in cash pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, resulting in a reduced fee of , which shall be payable in cash by the Company to the underwriter upon consummation of a business combination, as originally set forth in the underwriting agreement. The Company will provide holders (the Public Shareholders of its Class A ordinary shares, par value , sold in the Initial Public Offering (the Public Shares ), with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares will be classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with ASC 480. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has the approval of an ordinary resolution. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective of whether it votes for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non- public information and (ii) clear all trades with the Company s legal counsel prior to execution. In addition, the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 8 Table of Contents or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the Company. Extraordinary General Meetings On December 20, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the December 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting ), which amended the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination from December 21, 2022 to June 21, 2023 (the December 2022 Extension Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders approved the December 2022 Extension Amendment Proposal and on December 28, 2022 the Company filed the articles amendment with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. The shareholders approved a proposal to amend the trust agreement to change the date on which Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company must commence liquidation of the Trust Account from (A) the earlier of the Company s completion of an initial business combination and December 21, 2022 to (B) the earlier of the Company s completion of an initial business combination and June 21, 2023. In connection with the December 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling , or approximately 10.14 per share which includes of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. In January 2023, the Company made redemption payments of out of the Trust Account that were due to the redeeming shareholders who elected to redeem their shares as part of the December 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting. This amount was reflected as due to shareholders in the accompanying condensed balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Subsequent to the redemptions, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding until the June 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting further described below. On June 15, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, which was adjourned and reconvened on June 20, 2023 (the June 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting ), to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from June 21, 2023 to March 20, 2024 or such earlier date as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion (such proposal, the June 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal ), (ii) eliminate from the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association the limitation that the Company shall not redeem Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units sold in the Initial Public Offering to the extent that such redemption would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than (the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and (iii) amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to provide that Class B ordinary shares may be converted either at the time of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination or at any earlier date at the option of the holders of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Conversion Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders of the Company approved the June 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal, the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and the Founder Conversion Amendment Proposal at the Extension Meeting and on June 21, 2023, the Company filed the articles amendment with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. In connection with the vote to approve the June 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal, the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and the Founder Conversion Amendment Proposal, shareholders elected to redeem 771,499 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling 8,085,078, or approximately per share which includes of earnings in the trust account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding until the February 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting further described below. 9 Table of Contents shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value per share, elected to convert shares of the Class B ordinary shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, the Sponsor holds shares of Class A ordinary shares and share of Class B ordinary shares and the Company will have an aggregate of shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding of which are subject to possible redemption) and shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. In connection with the conversion, the sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. On February 29, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the February 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting ), to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 20, 2024 to June 30, 2024 (the Extended Date or such earlier date as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion (such proposal, the February 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal and, together with the December 2022 Extension Amendment Proposal and the June 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal, the Extension Proposals ). The shareholders of the Company approved the February 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal and the Company filed the articles amendment with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. In connection with the vote to approve the February 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling , or approximately per share which includes of earnings in the trust account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. On June 24, 2024, the Company held an Extraordinary General Meeting (the June 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting ), and in connection therewith the Company will file with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands a copy of the special resolution of the Company which resolved to approve an amendment to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities from June 30, 2024 to July 31, 2024 (the New Extended Date ), and to allow the Company, without another shareholder vote, by resolution of the Company s Board of Directors to determine in their sole discretion to extend the New Extended Date by one-month increments up to three consecutive times to a date that is ultimately no later than October 31, 2024 (each such additional date, as extended, an Additional Extended Date ), unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto or such earlier date as determined by the Company s Board of Directors to be in the best interests of the Company or such earlier date as shall be determined by the Company's Board of Directors in its sole discretion. In connection with the vote to approve the extension, the holders of Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately . After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in the Company s trust account will be approximately million. 10 Table of Contents Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company; (b) the New Sponsor executed a joinder agreement (the "Joinder") to become a party to that certain letter agreement, dated December 16, 2020 ("Letter Agreement"), and that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 16, 2020 ("Registration Rights Agreement"), each originally entered into in connection with the Company s initial public offering ("IPO"), among the Company, the Original Sponsor, and certain equity holders of the Company; (c) the Original Sponsor and holders of Class B Shares granted the New Sponsor the irrevocable right to vote the retained shares on their behalf and to take certain other actions on their behalf (the "POA Agreements"); (d) the Original Sponsor entered into surrender and cancellation agreements (the Warrant Cancellation Agreements to cancel an aggregate of private placement warrants purchased by the Original Sponsor at the time of the IPO; and (e) certain creditors agreed to cancel or reduce the amounts owed to them by the Company and assigned the liability for any remaining amounts to the Original Sponsor (the "Debt Cancellation Agreements"). Additionally, the Company, the Original Sponsor, the New Sponsor, and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as the underwriter of the IPO, entered into an agreement (the "Underwriter Agreements") whereby Cantor agreed to accept shares of the Company following any business combination in lieu of cash deferred commissions owed from the IPO. Nasdaq Notice and Hearing On December 18, 2023, the Company received a notice (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that the Company s securities (units, shares and warrants) would be subject to suspension and delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of business on December 27, 2023, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2, which requires that a special purpose acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. The Company timely requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel to appeal the notice. Nasdaq granted the Company s hearing request, which hearing request stayed the suspension of trading of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market until the hearing process concluded and the Nasdaq Hearings Panel issued a written decision. A hearing on the matter was held on March 14, 2024. On March 15, 2024, the Nasdaq Hearings Panel issued written notice of its decision to grant the Company s request for an exception to its listing deficiencies until June 17, 2024 in view of the Company s substantial steps toward closing its previously announced initial business combination and its plan for achieving compliance with Nasdaq listing rules upon closing of the transaction for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. On May 10, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Second Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company no longer meets the minimum publicly held shares requirement for The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(4) (the Minimum Publicly Held Shares Requirement ). In accordance with Nasdaq rules, the Company has 45 days, or until June 24, 2024, to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Publicly Held Shares Requirement. On June 21, 2024, the Company received a determination letter (the Delisting Notification from Nasdaq stating that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel has determined to delist the Company s securities from Nasdaq, due to the company s non-compliance with Nasdaq s IM-5101-2, which requires that a special purpose acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. Nasdaq determined to remove from listing our securities, which became effective at the opening of business on June 25, 2024, because the Company did not demonstrate compliance with such continued listing requirement by June 17, 2024. Nasdaq will complete the delisting by filing a Form 25 Notification of Delisting with the SEC, after applicable appeal periods have lapsed, which will remove the Company s securities from listing and registration on Nasdaq. 11 Table of Contents publicly held shares under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(4). As a result, the Company s shares were suspended from trading at the open of business on August 14, 2024. The Company chose not to appeal the Nasdaq Panel's decision. A Form 25-NSE was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which will formally remove the Company s securities from listing and registration on Nasdaq. The Company is currently evaluating alternative options, including over-the-counter (OTC) trading and potential future re-listings, in order to maximize shareholder value. Business Combination Agreement The Company has entered into a Business Combination Agreement, dated May 4, 2023 (the Original BCA Date ), as amended and restated on December 29, 2023 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among the Company, Noventiq Holdings PLC, an exempted company limited by shares registered by way of continuation under the laws of the Cayman Islands Noventiq ), Noventiq Holding Company, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands Parent ), Noventiq Merger 1 Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent that has elected to be disregarded as an entity separate from Parent for U.S. federal income tax purposes Company Merger Sub ), and Corner Growth SPAC Merger Sub, Inc., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent Noventiq Merger Sub ), which provides, among other things, that (i) the Company will merge with and into Company Merger Sub (the Company Merger ), with Company Merger Sub surviving the Company Merger and (ii) Noventiq Merger Sub will merge with and into Noventiq (the Noventiq Merger, and together with the Company Merger, the Mergers ), with Noventiq surviving the Noventiq Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the transactions contemplated by the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) the Business Combination, and together with the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Transactions ). Immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger, each Company Class B ordinary share shall be converted into one Company Class A ordinary share. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and at the effective time of the Company Merger, each Company Class A ordinary share shall automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for the right to receive one Parent ordinary share. At the effective time of the Company Merger, each Company warrant (the Company Warrants issued and outstanding, entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Company Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share (subject to adjustment), will be converted into the right to receive a warrant to purchase one Parent ordinary share at an exercise price of per share (subject to adjustment) upon consummation of the Business Combination. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and at the effective time of the Noventiq Merger, each Noventiq ordinary share shall automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for the right to receive (i) such number or fraction of newly issued Parent ordinary shares that is equal to the Share Exchange Ratio (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) and (ii) one Class A CSR (as defined below), one Class B CSR (as defined below) and one Class C CSR (as defined below) in each case, for each one whole Parent ordinary share issuable to such holder pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement at the effective time of the Noventiq Merger. 12 Table of Contents , or approximately per share, to the Company and Noventiq to cover certain expenses in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares ), of the Company. In November 2020, the Sponsor transferred such Class B ordinary shares of the Company to each of the Company s three independent directors (Alexandre Balkanski, John Mulkey, and Jason Park) in recognition of, and as compensation for, their future services to the Company. On December 16, 2020, the Company effected a share capitalization, resulting in Founder Shares issued and outstanding as of such date. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option in connection with the Company s initial public offering (the Company Initial Public Offering ), Founder Shares were forfeited for no consideration on December 23, 2020, resulting in Founder Shares outstanding, of which, as of such date, Founder Shares were held by the Sponsor and Founder Shares were held by each of the Company s three independent directors. As of the date of the amending and restating of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor held Founder Shares. Of these, Company ordinary shares will be forfeited upon consummation of the Business Combination, and Company ordinary shares (the Alignment Shares are subject to forfeiture based on the gross proceeds raised from additional financings contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, if any, by the Company and the cash balance of the Company s trust account held for the benefit of its public shareholders as more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, but the consummation of the Business Combination is not subject to a minimum amount of additional financing having been raised. If (i) the cash balance of the Company s trust account and the gross proceeds received from investors in additional financings (the Additional Financing Investors is equal to or greater than million upon consummation of the Business Combination, and (ii) the gross proceeds received from Additional Financing Investors is equal to or greater than million prior to the date that is days following the closing of the Business Combination, none of the Alignment Shares will be forfeited. An additional Company ordinary shares (the Sponsor Earnout Shares will be held in escrow and only released, in three equal instalments, upon the occurrence of certain milestone events as more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. Immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger, Company Warrants held by the Sponsor shall be forfeited and returned to the Company for cancellation. Nasdaq determined to remove from listing our securities, which became effective at the opening of business on June 25, 2024. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per- share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 13 Table of Contents per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Liquidity and Going Concern As of September 30, 2024, the Company had in its operating bank accounts, in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and a working capital deficit of . Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Based on its current cash and working capital balances, management believes that the Company will not have sufficient working capital to meet its needs through the consummation of a Business Combination. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with the intended Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as required. As of August 15, 2024, in connection with the sale of the Original Sponsor s stake to the New Sponsor, the Company s outstanding liabilities amounting to were transferred to the Original Sponsor. This included of operating and formation costs and of unpaid administrative fees. As a result of the transaction, the Company had no outstanding liabilities to the former Sponsor as of September 30, 2024, with all debts effectively settled upon the transfer. 14 Table of Contents Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account 15 Table of Contents Warrant Liabilities Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption Less: Payments to Class A ordinary shareholders for redemption of shares Due to shareholders Plus: Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - September 30, 2024 16 Table of Contents Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling , or approximately per share. was paid out to redeeming Class A ordinary shares as their proportionate share of trust earnings through the redemption date and is the difference between the redemption amount per share and the original per share times the number of shares redeemed. In connection with the vote to approve extension at the June 2024 Extraordinary Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling , or approximately per share. was paid out to redeeming Class A ordinary shares as their proportionate share of trust earnings through the redemption date and is the difference between the redemption amount per share and the original per share times the number of shares redeemed. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company remeasured the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to increase the carrying amount by to reflect current earnings of the Trust Account. Concentration of Credit Risk . At September 30, 2024, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. Emerging Growth Company 17 Table of Contents Income Taxes Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share of the Company s Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share for all periods presented, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in dollars, except share amounts): Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 18 Table of Contents Units at a price of per Unit, which includes the partial exercise by the underwriter of the overallotment option to purchase an additional Units. , each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value per share. In November 2020, the Sponsor transferred Class B ordinary shares to each of the Company s independent directors. On December 16, 2020, the Company effected a share capitalization of Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of Class B Ordinary Shares outstanding. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, the Sponsor forfeited Class B Ordinary for no consideration, resulting in Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On June 21, 2023, in connection with the approval of the Founder Conversion Amendment, our sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value per share, elected to convert shares of the Class B ordinary shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, the Sponsor holds shares of Class A ordinary shares and 1 share of Class B ordinary shares. The Company will have an aggregate of and shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding and of which are subject to possible redemption) and and shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In connection with the conversion, the sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. Prior to the initial investment in the company of by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. 19 Table of Contents per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The Company s Founder Shares are subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with the Company entered into by the initial stockholders, and officers and directors. The Sponsor has the right to transfer its ownership in the Founder Shares at any time, and to any transferee, to the extent that the Sponsor determines, in good faith, that such transfer is necessary to ensure that it and/or any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates are in compliance with the Investment Company Act of 1940. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares. Prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to our three independent directors in recognition of and as compensation for their future services to the Company. The transfer of Founder Shares to these directors is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation- Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance-based vesting condition (i.e. the consummation of a business combination) is probable of achievement under the applicable accounting literature. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the consummation of a business combination, in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the transfer of the Founder Shares. As of September 30, 2024, the lock-up provisions have not been remediated and are not probable to be remediated. Any such agreements may be subject to certain conditions to closing, such as approval by the Company s shareholders. As a result, the Company determined that, taking into account that there is a possibility that the Business Combination might not happen, no stock-based compensation expense should be recognized through September 30, 2024. On August 15, 2024, the Company, the Original Sponsor, CGA Sponsor, LLC, and the New Sponsor, Ringwood Field, LLC, entered into a share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, among other things: (a) the Original Sponsor transferred to the New Sponsor an aggregate of Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company; (b) the New Sponsor executed a joinder agreement to become a party to that certain letter agreement, dated December 16, 2020 Letter Agreement ), and that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 16, 2020 Registration Rights Agreement ), each originally entered into in connection with the Company s initial public offering IPO ), among the Company, the Original Sponsor, and certain equity holders of the Company; and (c) the Original Sponsor and holders of the Class B Shares granted the New Sponsor the irrevocable right to vote the retained shares on their behalf and to take certain other actions on their behalf. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant for an aggregate purchase price of . Each warrant was exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. However, in connection with the transfer of the Sponsor s stake to the New Sponsor on August 15, 2024, the Private Placement Warrants were canceled, and as a result, no further obligations or rights exist with respect to these warrants. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors had previously agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign, or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 20 Table of Contents million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants at a price of per warrant. As of the date of this filing, September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings under any Working Capital Loans. Administrative Services Agreement Pursuant to an administrative services agreement (the Administrative Services Agreement entered into on December 17, 2020, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the Company s management team until the earlier of (A) the Company s completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) on December 21, 2022, an amount equal to less the actual amount paid under the Administrative Services Agreement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, which is included in operating and formation costs on the unaudited condensed statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and in fees outstanding for these services, respectively, that are included in due to related party on the condensed balance sheets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on November 18, 2021, the Sponsor permanently waived its right to receive any of the Company s outstanding, and all of the Company s remaining, payment obligations under the Administrative Services Agreement. Operating and Formation Costs As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Sponsor and affiliates of the Sponsor had paid operating and formation costs of and , respectively, on behalf of the Company. These amounts were initially recorded as liabilities owed to the Sponsor and included in "Due to Related Party" on balance sheets. However, in connection with the transfer of the Original Sponsor s stake to the New Sponsor on August 15, 2024, all outstanding liabilities were assumed by Original Sponsor and subsequently discharged. As a result, no further amounts remain payable to the Original Sponsor as of September 30, 2024. The New Sponsor is not under any obligation to make additional expenditures on the Company s behalf. 21 Table of Contents per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Effective December 20, 2022, in accordance with a fee reduction agreement, the underwriter agreed to irrevocably forfeit of the aggregate deferred fee that would otherwise be payable to it in cash pursuant the underwriting agreement, resulting in a reduced deferred fee of , which shall be payable to the underwriter upon consummation of a Business Combination, as originally set forth in the underwriting agreement. The Company accounted for this forfeiture during the fourth calendar quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022. On June 23, 2023, the Company and the underwriter agreed to terminate the December 20, 2022 fee reduction agreement solely upon execution of a side letter in accordance with the duly executed Mutual Termination of Initial Fee Reduction Agreement. On June 23, 2023, in accordance with the duly executed Side Letter to Underwriting Agreement, the Company and the underwriter agreed to the following: 1. Cantor will irrevocably forfeit (instead of 10,000,000) of the aggregate Original Fee that would otherwise be payable to it in cash pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, resulting in a reduced fee of (the Fee ), which shall be payable in cash by the Company to Cantor upon consummation of a Business Combination, as originally set forth in the Underwriting Agreement. 2. In addition, upon the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company shall pay to the Underwriter a non-refundable cash fee equal to of: (x) the aggregate maximum gross proceeds received or receivable in connection with any Equity Financing, including, without limitation, aggregate amounts committed by investors to purchase securities, whether or not all securities are issued upon consummation of the Business Combination, plus (y) the gross proceeds received by the Company upon exercise of any warrants or other securities issued in connection with such Financing that are convertible into common stock of the Company; the aggregate maximum principal amount of debt committed or available to be committed or available in connection with the Debt Financing (including, without limitation, in the case of an offering of debt securities, the aggregate maximum principal amount of securities committed to be purchased by investors), whether or not drawn down (or, in the case of an offering of debt securities, whether or not purchased) upon consummation of the business Combination; and any proceeds received from the Trust Account in connection with the Business Combination. However, on August 15, 2024, as part of the change in sponsor in connection with the share purchase agreement, the Company, the Original Sponsor, the New Sponsor, and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as the underwriter from the IPO, entered into an agreement under which Cantor agreed to accept a certain number of shares of the Company following the completion of a Business Combination, in lieu of the cash deferred commissions owed from the IPO. The fees noted in items 1, 2 and additional note above are contingent upon the successful completion of a Business Combination. There is no assurance that a Business Combination will be consummated by any such date of termination approved in accordance with the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. In accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 450, Contingencies, the Company is required to record its best estimate of the loss if the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. The fee amount noted in item 2 cannot be reasonably estimated or determinable at this time and as a result, is not recorded in the financial statements. 22 Table of Contents million cash payment to the third party and provide an option to purchase an economic interest in membership units of the sponsor contingent on the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination, which are accounted for under the guidance in ASC 718. Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. Compensation expense related to such shares is recognized only when the performance-based vesting condition (i.e. the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination) is probable of achievement under the applicable accounting literature. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination, in an amount equal to the number of such shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the transfer of such shares. The Company will reflect the transactions in its financial statements when the Proposed Business Combination is consummated as the sponsor is a principal shareholder in the Company and the Company benefits from the Finder s Fee Arrangement. If the Proposed Business Combination does not close for any reason, and a termination fee is actually paid by Noventiq to the Company, the Sponsor or their affiliates, then the third party will be entitled to receive a cash payment. Not withstanding the foregoing, to the extent the termination fee is not sufficient to cover the cash payment, then the Sponsor and the third party will share the balance in an amount to be reasonably agreed to at the time. The Finder s Fee Arrangement is included potential compensation payable to the third party. On March 14, 2024, the Finder s fee Arrangement was amended and restated which no longer provides the third party an option to purchase an economic interest in membership units of the sponsor contingent on the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination. Instead, the parties have agreed that once the Sponsor has received ordinary shares from a successfully completed transaction and any earnouts or other contingent releases thereto, it shall distribute shares to the third party in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Sponsor operating agreement and the Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement. In addition, the cash payment to third party will be paid by Noventiq instead of the Sponsor and will be denominated as a Company transaction expense. In the event the Proposed Business Combination is not consummated and the Sponsor receives a termination fee, the third party shall receive as complete satisfaction of the cash payment (see Note 9 to the notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements for more information). per share on the later of (a) days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and, following the effective date of the registration statement, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 23 Table of Contents per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, plus interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume- weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the -trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants are redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants if they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees): in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 24 Table of Contents per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of Class A ordinary shares to be determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares; if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within the -trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. The fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event are the warrants to be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management has the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. Additionally, in no event is the Company be required to net cash settle any Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. Nasdaq removed our securities from listing, which became effective at the opening of business on August 14, 2024. The Company s public warrants, issued under a Warrant Agreement dated December 16, 2020, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, remain outstanding and unaffected by the delisting 25 Table of Contents preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022, there were Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding all of which are considered temporary equity. On December 20, 2022, in connection with the December 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting, certain shareholders exercised their right to redeem Class A ordinary shares at a redemption price of approximately per share, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling . The redemption payments included the proportionate share of Trust Account earnings in the amount of . Subsequent to the redemptions, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. On June 20, 2023, in connection with the June 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem additional Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling , or approximately per share which includes of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. On June 21, 2023, in connection with the approval of the Founder Conversion Amendment, the Sponsor elected to convert shares of the Class B ordinary shares held by it on a basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, the Sponsor holds shares of Class A ordinary shares and at December 31, 2023, the Company has an aggregate of shares of Class A ordinary shares of which are subject to possible redemption) issued and outstanding. On February 29, 2024, in connection with the vote to approve the February 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling , or approximately per share which includes of earnings in the trust account not previously withdrawn. In connection with the vote to approve the extension at the June 2024 Extraordinary Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling , or approximately per share. was paid out to redeeming Class A ordinary shares as their proportionate share of trust earnings through the redemption date and is the difference between the redemption amount per share and the original per share times the number of shares redeemed. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has an aggregate of shares of Class A ordinary shares of which are subject to possible redemption) issued and outstanding. The Sponsor s Class A ordinary shares received in connection with the conversion are not redeemable. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to for each Class B ordinary share. At December 31, 2022, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. On June 21, 2023, in connection with the approval of the Founder Conversion Amendment, the Sponsor elected to convert shares of the Class B ordinary shares held by it on a basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion and at September 30, 2024, the Company has an aggregate of shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on the appointment of the Company s directors prior to the initial Business Combination. 26 Table of Contents of the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares issued upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. On August 15, 2024, the Original Sponsor, CGA Sponsor, LLC, transferred an aggregate of Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company to the New Sponsor, Ringwood Field, LLC. Additionally, the Original Sponsor and certain other holders of Class B Founder Shares granted the New Sponsor the irrevocable right to vote the Founder Shares on their behalf and to take certain other actions as necessary. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and , of the balance held in the Trust Account was held in cash, respectively. The following table presents information about the Company s liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value. 1 Warrant Liability Private Placement Warrants 2 2 Total Warrant Liabilities 27 Table of Contents per warrant, resulting in aggregate values of approximately million and million, respectively. The following table presents the changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities: Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of March 31, 2023 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of June 30, 2023 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of September 30, 2023 Fair value as of December 31, 2023 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of March 31, 2024 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Fair value as of June 30, 2024 Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions Cancellation of Private Warrants Fair value as of September 30, 2024 28 Table of Contents to or for the benefit of the Company. The Company will use the proceeds received pursuant to the Settlement Agreement to pay its expenses. 29 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. References to the company, our, us or we refer to Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). When used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, words such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Such forward looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. No assurance can be given that results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved and actual results could be affected by one or more factors, which could cause them to differ materially. The cautionary statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this Quarterly Report. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on October 20, 2020 (inception) as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we focus on industries that complement our management team s background, and in our search for targets for our Business Combination seek to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business, focusing on the technology industry in the United States and other developed countries. The registration statement for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 16, 2020. On December 21, 2020, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 40,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 400,000,000, and incurring offering costs of approximately 22,766,000, inclusive of 14,000,000 in deferred underwriting commissions. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares and one-third of one redeemable warrant, each whole public warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of 7,600,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per private placement warrant (the Private Placement to our sponsor, CGA Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of 11,400,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and private placement, 400,000,000 10.00 per unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the private placement were placed in the Trust Account, located in the United States at UBS Financial Services Inc. and Morgan Stanley, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and are only invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the assets held in the Trust Account. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied toward consummating an initial Business Combination. 30 Table of Contents Extraordinary General Meetings On December 20, 2022, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting (the December 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting ), which amended the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a Business Combination from December 21, 2022 to June 21, 2023. The shareholders approved a proposal to amend the trust agreement to change the date on which Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company must commence liquidation of the Trust Account from (A) the earlier of the Company s completion of an initial business combination and December 21, 2022 to (B) the earlier of the Company s completion of an initial business combination and June 21, 2023. In connection with the December 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting, shareholders elected to redeem 38,808,563 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the Trust Account totaling 393,676,799, or approximately 10.14 per share which includes 5,591,169 of earnings in the Trust Account not previously withdrawn. In January 2023, the Company made redemption payments of 3,262,655 out of the Trust Account that were due to the redeeming shareholders who elected to redeem their shares as part of the December 2022 Extraordinary General Meeting. Subsequent to the redemptions, 1,191,437 Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding until the June 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting described below. On June 15, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, which was adjourned and reconvened on June 20, 2023 (the June 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting ), to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from June 21, 2023 to March 20, 2024 or such earlier date as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion (such proposal, the June 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal ), (ii) eliminate from the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association the limitation that the Company shall not redeem Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units sold in the Initial Public Offering to the extent that such redemption would cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and (iii) amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to provide that Class B ordinary shares may be converted either at the time of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination or at any earlier date at the option of the holders of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Conversion Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders of the Company approved the June 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal, the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and the Founder Conversion Amendment Proposal at the June 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting and on June 21, 2023, the Company filed the articles amendment with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. In connection with the vote to approve the June 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal, the Redemption Limitation Amendment Proposal and the Founder Conversion Amendment Proposal, shareholders elected to redeem 771,499 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling 8,085,078, or approximately 10.48 per share which includes 370,088 of earnings in the trust account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, 419,938 Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding until the February 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting further described below. On June 21, 2023, in connection with the approval of the Founder Conversion Amendment, our sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of 9,825,001 shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, elected to convert 9,825,000 shares of the Class B ordinary shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, the Sponsor holds 9,825,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares and 1 share of Class B ordinary shares and the Company will have an aggregate of 10,244,938 shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding (419,938 of which are subject to possible redemption) and 175,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. In connection with the conversion, the sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. 31 Table of Contents On February 29, 2024, the Company held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the February 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting ), to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (i) extend the date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 20, 2024 to June 30, 2024 (the Extended Date or such earlier date as shall be determined by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion (such proposal, the February 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal and, together with the December 2022 Extension Amendment Proposal and the June 2023 Extension Amendment Proposal, the Extension Proposals ). The shareholders of the Company approved the February 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal and the Company filed the articles amendment with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. In connection with the vote to approve the February 2024 Extension Amendment Proposal, shareholders elected to redeem 83,349 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in redemption payments out of the trust account totaling 911,508, or approximately 10.94 per share which includes 78,018 of earnings in the trust account not previously withdrawn. Subsequent to the redemptions, 10,161,589 Class A ordinary shares remained issued and outstanding. On June 24, 2024, the Company held an Extraordinary General Meeting (the June 2024 Extraordinary General Meeting ), and in connection therewith the Company will file with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands a copy of the special resolution of the Company which resolved to approve an amendment to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities from June 30, 2024 to July 31, 2024 (the New Extended Date ), and to allow the Company, without another shareholder vote, by resolution of the Company s Board of Directors to determine in their sole discretion to extend the New Extended Date by one-month increments up to three consecutive times to a date that is ultimately no later than October 31, 2024 (each such additional date, as extended, an Additional Extended Date ), unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto or such earlier date as determined by the Company's Board of Directors to be in the best interests of the Company or such earlier date as shall be determined by the Company's Board of Directors in its sole discretion. In connection with the vote to approve the extension, the holders of 38,647 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 11.10 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 428,962. After the satisfaction of such redemptions, the balance in the Company s trust account will be approximately 3.3 million. On August 15, 2024, the Company, CGA Sponsor, LLC (the "Original Sponsor"), Ringwood Field, LLC (the "New Sponsor"), and Alexandre Balkanski, John Mulkey, and Jason Park entered into a share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, among other things: (a) the Original Sponsor transferred to the New Sponsor an aggregate of 5,895,000 Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company; (b) the New Sponsor executed a joinder agreement (the "Joinder") to become a party to that certain letter agreement, dated December 16, 2020 ("Letter Agreement"), and that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 16, 2020 ("Registration Rights Agreement"), each originally entered into in connection with the Company s initial public offering ("IPO"), among the Company, the Original Sponsor, and certain equity holders of the Company; (c) the Original Sponsor and holders of Class B Shares granted the New Sponsor the irrevocable right to vote the retained shares on their behalf and to take certain other actions on their behalf (the "POA Agreements"); (d) the Original Sponsor entered into surrender and cancellation agreements (the Warrant Cancellation Agreements to cancel an aggregate of 7,600,000 private placement warrants purchased by the Original Sponsor at the time of the IPO; and (e) certain creditors agreed to cancel or reduce the amounts owed to them by the Company and assigned the liability for any remaining amounts to the Original Sponsor (the "Debt Cancellation Agreements"). Additionally, the Company, the Original Sponsor, the New Sponsor, and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as the underwriter of the IPO, entered into an agreement (the "Underwriter Agreements") whereby Cantor agreed to accept shares of the Company following any business combination in lieu of cash deferred commissions owed from the IPO. 32 Table of Contents Nasdaq Notice and Hearing On December 18, 2023, the Company received a notice (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that the Company s securities (units, shares and warrants) would be subject to suspension and delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of business on December 27, 2023, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2, which requires that a special purpose acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. The Company timely requested a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel to appeal the notice. Nasdaq granted the Company s hearing request, which hearing request stayed the suspension of trading of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market until the hearing process concluded and the Nasdaq Hearings Panel issued a written decision. A hearing on the matter was held on March 14, 2024. On March 15, 2024, the Nasdaq Hearings Panel issued written notice of its decision to grant the Company s request for an exception to its listing deficiencies until June 17, 2024 in view of the Company s substantial steps toward closing its previously announced initial business combination and its plan for achieving compliance with Nasdaq listing rules upon closing of the transaction for listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. On May 10, 2024, the Company received a letter (the Second Notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company no longer meets the minimum 500,000 publicly held shares requirement for The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(4) (the Minimum Publicly Held Shares Requirement ). In accordance with Nasdaq rules, the Company has 45 days, or until June 24, 2024, to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Publicly Held Shares Requirement. On June 21, 2024, the Company received the Delisting Notification from Nasdaq stating that the Nasdaq Hearings Panel has determined to delist the Company s securities from Nasdaq, due to the company s non-compliance with Nasdaq s IM-5101-2, which requires that a special purpose acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. Nasdaq determined to remove from listing our securities, which became effective at the opening of business on June 25, 2024, because the Company did not demonstrate compliance with such continued listing requirement by June 17, 2024. Nasdaq will complete the delisting by filing a Form 25 Notification of Delisting with the SEC, after applicable appeal periods have lapsed, which will remove the Company s securities from listing and registration on Nasdaq. On August 13, 2024, the Company received a final delisting notice from Nasdaq, notifying the Company of its decision to delist the Company s shares from the Nasdaq Stock Market. The delisting was due to violations of Nasdaq Listing Rule IM-5101-2, which requires a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) to complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of its initial public offering (IPO), as well as the failure to meet the minimum requirement of 500,000 publicly held shares under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(4). As a result, the Company s shares were suspended from trading at the open of business on August 14, 2024. The Company chose not to appeal the Nasdaq Panel's decision. A Form 25-NSE was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which will formally remove the Company s securities from listing and registration on Nasdaq. The Company is currently evaluating alternative options, including over-the-counter (OTC) trading and potential future re-listings, in order to maximize shareholder value. Business Combination Agreement The Company has entered into a Business Combination Agreement, dated May 4, 2023 (the Original BCA Date ), as amended and restated on December 29, 2023 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among the Company, Noventiq Holdings PLC, an exempted company limited by shares registered by way of continuation under the laws of the Cayman Islands Noventiq ), Noventiq Holding Company, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands Parent ), Noventiq Merger 1 Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent that has elected to be disregarded as an entity separate from Parent for U.S. federal income tax purposes Company Merger Sub ), and Corner Growth SPAC Merger Sub, Inc., an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent Noventiq Merger Sub ), which provides, among other things, that (i) the Company will merge with and into Company Merger Sub (the Company Merger ), with Company Merger Sub surviving the Company Merger and (ii) Noventiq Merger Sub will merge with and into Noventiq (the Noventiq Merger, and together with the Company Merger, the Mergers ), with Noventiq surviving the Noventiq Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the transactions contemplated by the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) the Business Combination, and together with the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the Transactions ). 33 Table of Contents Immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger, each Company Class B ordinary share shall be converted into one Company Class A ordinary share. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and at the effective time of the Company Merger, each Company Class A ordinary share shall automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for the right to receive one Parent ordinary share. At the effective time of the Company Merger, each Company warrant (the Company Warrants issued and outstanding, entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Company Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment), will be converted into the right to receive a warrant to purchase one Parent ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment) upon consummation of the Business Combination. Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement and at the effective time of the Noventiq Merger, each Noventiq ordinary share shall automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for the right to receive (i) such number or fraction of newly issued Parent ordinary shares that is equal to the Share Exchange Ratio (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) and (ii) one Class A CSR (as defined below), one Class B CSR (as defined below) and one Class C CSR (as defined below) in each case, for each one whole Parent ordinary share issuable to such holder pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement at the effective time of the Noventiq Merger. On April 18, 2024, the Company announced an offer to exchange certain global depositary receipts GDRs representing Noventiq ordinary shares in consideration for newly issued ordinary shares (the Exchange Offer ), which Exchange Offer expired on May 10, 2024. To provide for the terms of the Exchange Offer, on May 13, 2024, the Company and Noventiq entered into Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Business Combination Agreement Amendment No. 1 to A R BCA ), by and between the Company and Noventiq. Amendment No. 1 to A R BCA provides, among other things, that (i) the outstanding shares underlying the GDRs are to be excluded for purposes of determining the Per Share Merger Equity Consideration Value (as defined in the BCA) and (ii) Noventiq shall use commercially reasonable efforts to accept the forfeit and/or surrender and cancellation, as soon as reasonable practicable, of Noventiq s outstanding shares underlying the GDRs that it acquired pursuant to the Exchange Offer. Each reference to the A R BCA shall be deemed a reference to the A R BCA, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to A R BCA. On July 3, 2024, the parties to the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, Noventiq Holding Company, an exempted company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and Noventiq Merger 1 Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and wholly-owned subsidiary of Noventiq Holding Company, entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement ), pursuant to which the parties agreed (i) to mutually terminate the Business Combination Agreement and all other Transaction Documents (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) (collectively, the Ancillary Agreements and (ii) to a mutual release of all claims related to the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The mutual termination of the Business Combination Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements is effective as of July 3, 2024. The parties agreed to terminate the Business Combination Agreement as a result of the current unfavourable SPAC market conditions and other factors. As a result of the termination of the Business Combination Agreement, the Business Combination Agreement is null and void, without any liability on the part of any party thereto or its respective affiliates, officers, directors or shareholders, except as provided in the Settlement Agreement. In accordance with the Settlement Agreement, Noventiq shall pay 10,500,000 to or for the benefit of the Company. The Company will use the proceeds received pursuant to the Settlement Agreement to pay its expenses. 34 Table of Contents On October 28, 2020, CGA Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ), paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to the Company and Noventiq to cover certain expenses in consideration for 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares ), of the Company. In November 2020, the Sponsor transferred 50,000 such Class B ordinary shares of the Company to each of the Company s three independent directors (Alexandre Balkanski, John Mulkey, and Jason Park) in recognition of, and as compensation for, their future services to the Company. On December 16, 2020, the Company effected a share capitalization, resulting in 10,062,500 Founder Shares issued and outstanding as of such date. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option in connection with the Company s initial public offering (the Company Initial Public Offering ), 62,500 Founder Shares were forfeited for no consideration on December 23, 2020, resulting in 10,000,000 Founder Shares outstanding, of which, as of such date, 9,825,001 Founder Shares were held by the Sponsor and 58,333 Founder Shares were held by each of the Company s three independent directors. As of the date of the amending and restating of the Business Combination Agreement, the Sponsor held 9,825,001 Founder Shares. Of these, 5,000,000 Company ordinary shares will be forfeited upon consummation of the Business Combination, and 1,500,000 Company ordinary shares (the Alignment Shares are subject to forfeiture based on the gross proceeds raised from additional financings contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, if any, by the Company and the cash balance of the Company s trust account held for the benefit of its public shareholders as more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, but the consummation of the Business Combination is not subject to a minimum amount of additional financing having been raised. If (i) the cash balance of the Company s trust account and the gross proceeds received from investors in additional financings (the Additional Financing Investors is equal to or greater than 25 million upon consummation of the Business Combination, and (ii) the gross proceeds received from Additional Financing Investors is equal to or greater than 50 million prior to the date that is 180 days following the closing of the Business Combination, none of the Alignment Shares will be forfeited. An additional 2,000,000 Company ordinary shares (the Sponsor Earnout Shares will be held in escrow and only released, in three equal instalments, upon the occurrence of certain milestone events as more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. Immediately prior to the effective time of the Company Merger, 3,800,000 Company Warrants held by the Sponsor shall be forfeited and returned to the Company for cancellation. If we are unable to complete a Business Combination by the New Extended Date or Additional Extended Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay for our income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of our company, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law (see Note 9 to the notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements for more information). In April 2024, Jerome Jerry Letter provided written notice to the Company of his resignation as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Letter s resignation was not as a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Concurrently therewith, the Company s current Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Marvin Tien, was appointed as acting Chief Financial Officer for the Company. Mr. Tien will retain his roles as Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern As indicated in the accompanying condensed financial statements, at September 30, 2024, we had 0 in our operating bank account, and a working capital deficit of 2,813, and 364,651 of cumulative earnings and realized gains on the amounts remaining in the Trust Account after historical redemptions. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our initial Business Combination plans. Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the proceeds of 25,000 from the sale of the founder shares, and loans from the Sponsor of approximately 120,000. The loan was repaid in full on December 22, 2020. Subsequent from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds received from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement. 35 Table of Contents In order to finance transaction costs in connection with the intended Business Combination, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as required. As of August 15, 2024, in connection with the sale of the Original Sponsor s stake to the New Sponsor, the Company s outstanding liabilities amounting to 5,457,840 were transferred to the Original Sponsor. This included 5,177,840 of operating and formation costs and 280,000 of unpaid administrative fees. As a result of the transaction, the Company had no outstanding liabilities to the former Sponsor as of September 30, 2024, with all debts effectively settled upon the transfer. Based on the foregoing, management believes that we may not have sufficient working capital to meet our needs through the consummation of a Business Combination. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern , management has determined that the date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through a reasonable period of time, which is considered one year from the issuance of these condensed financial statements. The Company demonstrates other adverse conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year following the issuance of these condensed financial statements. These other adverse conditions are negative financial trends, specifically working capital deficiency and other adverse key financial ratios. Our scheduled liquidation date is July 31, 2024 (see Note 9 to the notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements for more information). No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts or classification of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate. There is no assurance that a Business Combination will be consummated by any such date of termination approved in accordance with the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Results of Operations Our entire activity since inception through September 30, 2024 related to our formation, Initial Public Offering and, since the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the search for initial Business Combination candidates (see Note 1 to the notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements). As of September 30, 2024, 0 was held outside the Trust Account and was being used to fund the Company s operating expenses. We are not generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination at the earliest. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we reported net income of 4,112,487, primarily due to a gain of 3,458,093 from changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities, debt forgiveness of 785,352, and 35,747 in earnings on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. Operating and formation costs totaled 166,705. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 477,816. This was driven by 1,961,391 in operating and formation costs partially offset by a 567,199 gain from changes in warrant liabilities, 785,352 in debt forgiveness and 131,024 in earnings on marketable securities. In comparison, for the three months ended September 30, 2023, net income was 681,549, primarily due to a 1,046,667 gain in warrant liabilities and 57,747 in Trust Account earnings, offset by 422,865 in operating and formation costs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (restated), we recorded a net loss of 3,109,484, primarily due to 2,312,947 in operating and formation costs, 102,000 in transaction costs, and a 1,046,666 loss from changes in warrant liabilities, partially offset by 352,129 in Trust Account earnings. 36 Table of Contents Related Party Transactions Founder Shares On October 28, 2020, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares ). In November 2020, the Sponsor transferred 50,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of the Company s independent directors. On December 16, 2020, the Company effected a share capitalization of 1,437,500 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of 10,062,500 Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding as of such date. As a result of the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, 62,500 Founder Shares were forfeited for no consideration on December 23, 2020, resulting in 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. On June 21, 2023, in connection with the approval of the Founder Conversion Amendment, our sponsor, the holder of an aggregate of 9,825,001 shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, elected to convert 9,825,000 shares of the Class B ordinary shares held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A ordinary shares of the Company, with immediate effect. Following such conversion, the Sponsor holds 9,825,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares and 1 share of Class B ordinary shares. The Company will have an aggregate of 10,122,942 and 10,244,938 shares of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding (297,942 and 419,938 of which are subject to possible redemption) and 175,000 and 175,000 shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In connection with the conversion, the sponsor has agreed to certain transfer restrictions, a waiver of redemption rights, a waiver of any right to receive funds from the trust account and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares or Class A ordinary shares received upon conversion thereof until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The Company s Founder Shares are subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with the Company entered into by the initial stockholders, and officers and directors. The Sponsor has the right to transfer its ownership in the Founder Shares at any time, and to any transferee, to the extent that the Sponsor determines, in good faith, that such transfer is necessary to ensure that it and/or any of its parents, subsidiaries or affiliates are in compliance with the Investment Company Act of 1940. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial stockholders with respect to any Founder Shares. Prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor transferred 150,000 Founder Shares to our three independent directors in recognition of and as compensation for their future services to the Company. The transfer of Founder Shares to these directors is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation- Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. Compensation expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance-based vesting condition (i.e. the consummation of the business combination) is probable of achievement under the applicable accounting literature. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the consummation of the business combination, in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the transfer of the Founder Shares. As of September 30, 2024, the lock-up provisions have not been remediated and are not probable to be remediated. Any such agreements may be subject to certain conditions to closing, such as approval by the Company s shareholders. As a result, the Company determined that, taking into account that there is a possibility that the Business Combination might not happen, no stock-based compensation expense should be recognized through September 30, 2024. 37 Table of Contents On August 15, 2024, the Company, the Original Sponsor, CGA Sponsor, LLC, and the New Sponsor, Ringwood Field, LLC, entered into a share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, among other things: (a) the Original Sponsor transferred to the New Sponsor an aggregate of 5,895,000 Class A Ordinary Shares of the Company; (b) the New Sponsor executed a joinder agreement to become a party to that certain letter agreement, dated December 16, 2020 Letter Agreement ), and that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 16, 2020 Registration Rights Agreement ), each originally entered into in connection with the Company s initial public offering IPO ), among the Company, the Original Sponsor, and certain equity holders of the Company; and (c) the Original Sponsor and holders of the Class B Shares granted the New Sponsor the irrevocable right to vote the retained shares on their behalf and to take certain other actions on their behalf. Working Capital Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that a Business Combination is not completed, we may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. As of the date of this filing and September 30, 2024, there were no outstanding Working Capital Loans under this arrangement. Administrative Services Agreement We agreed, commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor a total of 40,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the Company s management team until the earlier of (A) the Company s completion of the initial Business Combination or December 21, 2022 and (B) on December 21, 2022, an amount equal to 960,000, less the actual amount paid under the Administrative Services Agreement. On November 18, 2021, the Sponsor waived its right to receive any of the Company s remaining, payment obligations under the Administrative Services Agreement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred 0 in fees for these services. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred 0 in fees for these services, respectively, which is included in operating and formation costs on the unaudited condensed statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were 0 and 280,000 in fees outstanding for these services that are included in due to related party on the condensed balance sheets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on November 18, 2021, the Sponsor permanently waived its right to receive any of the Company s outstanding, and all of the Company s remaining, payment obligations under the Administrative Services Agreement. 38 Table of Contents Operating and Formation Costs As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Sponsor and affiliates of the Sponsor had paid operating and formation costs of 2,101,264 and 1,630,848, respectively, on behalf of the Company. These amounts were initially recorded as liabilities owed to the Sponsor and included in "Due to Related Party" on balance sheets. However, in connection with the transfer of the Original Sponsor s stake to the New Sponsor on August 15, 2024, all outstanding liabilities were assumed by Original Sponsor and subsequently discharged. As a result, no further amounts remain payable to the Original Sponsor as of September 30, 2024. The New Sponsor is not under any obligation to make additional expenditures on the Company s behalf. Contractual Obligations Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, will be entitled to registration rights (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion of such shares into Class A ordinary shares) pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into during the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration and shareholder rights. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriter was entitled to underwriting discounts of 0.20 per unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 8,000,000 in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An additional fee of 0.35 per unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 14,000,000 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. Effective December 20, 2022, in accordance with a fee reduction agreement, the underwriter agreed to irrevocably forfeit 10,000,000 of the aggregate 14,000,000 deferred fee that would otherwise be payable to it in cash pursuant the underwriting agreement, resulting in a reduced deferred fee of 4,000,000. The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The Company accounted for this forfeiture during the fourth calendar quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022. As more fully described in Note 5, on June 23, 2023, the Company and the underwriter agreed to terminate the December 20, 2022 fee reduction agreement solely upon execution of a side letter. On June 23, 2023, in accordance with the duly executed side letter, the Company and the underwriter agreed that the underwriter will irrevocably forfeit 7,000,000 (instead of 10,000,000) of the aggregate 14,000,000 Original Fee that would otherwise be payable to it in cash pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, resulting in a reduced fee of 7,000,000, which shall be payable in cash by the Company to the underwriter upon consummation of a business combination, as originally set forth in the underwriting agreement. However, on August 15, 2024, as part of the change in sponsor in connection with the share purchase agreement, the Company, the Original Sponsor, the New Sponsor, and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., as the underwriter from the IPO, entered into an agreement under which Cantor agreed to accept a certain number of shares of the Company following the completion of a Business Combination, in lieu of the cash deferred commissions owed from the IPO. 39 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of these condensed financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported period. In accordance with GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our significant accounting policies are fully described in Note 2 to our condensed financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and are fully described in Note 2 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. We believe those accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our condensed financial statements. There have been no changes to our significant accounting policies from our Form 10-K. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 changes the way entities measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net income. For emerging growth companies, the new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after January 1, 2023. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 as of January 1, 2023, with no impact to its condensed financial statements because the Company does not have financial assets within the scope of ASU 2016-13. Our management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying condensed financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our condensed financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the condensed financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the principal executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 40 Table of Contents ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 41 Table of Contents PART II - OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider our risk factors from those disclosed under Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the risk factors included in our definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on October 11, 2024. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES None. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 42 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed with this Report. Furnished with this Report, which shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Sec 18 of the Securities Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 43 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. CORNER GROWTH ACQUISITION CORP. Date: November 27, 2024 By /s/ Marvin Tien Marvin Tien, Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Acting Chief Financial Officer 44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 corner_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 corner_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) I, Marvin Tien, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Corner Growth Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): e. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and f. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 27, 2024 /s/ Marvin Tien By: Marvin Tien Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Acting Chief Financial Officer Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 corner_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 corner_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Corner Growth Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q, for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. Date: November 27, 2024 /s/ Marvin Tien Marvin Tien Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Acting Chief Financial Officer (Principal executive officer and Principal Financial and accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 corner-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 corner-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 corner-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 corner-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

