<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241230_10-Q-A_edgar_data_725394_0001683168-24-009018.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8811081</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114984</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1437830</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2368163</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2117634</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2561729</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-24-009018.hdr.sgml : 20241230
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241227181634
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-24-009018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241230
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DALRADA FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000725394
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				383713274
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12641
		FILM NUMBER:		241586680

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 LA TERRAZA BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ESCONDIDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		858-283-1253

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		600 LA TERRAZA BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ESCONDIDO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IMAGING TECHNOLOGIES CORP/CA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970908

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PERSONAL COMPUTER PRODUCTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-24-009018.txt : 20241230

10-Q/A
 1
 dalrada_i10qa-033124.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM 10-Q

Dalrada Financial Corp Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 

For the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Name of Small Business Issuer in its charter) 

(state or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer ID. No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

- 

 Issuer s telephone number 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes 
No 

As of December 27, 2024, the registrant s outstanding
stock consisted of 
common shares. 

DALRADA FINANCIAL CORPORATION. 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 4 

Item 1. Unaudited interim condensed consolidated Financial
 Statements 
 4 

Unaudited interim condensed consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 
 Unaudited interim condensed consolidated Statements of Operations and
 Comprehensive Loss 
 5 
 
 Unaudited interim condensed consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 6 
 
 Unaudited interim condensed consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 8 
 
 Condensed Notes to the Unaudited interim condensed consolidated Financial
 Statements 
 9 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 46 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 47 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 47 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 47 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Securities 
 47 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 47 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 47 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 48 

SIGNATURES 
 49 

2 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 

This Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A (the Amendment amends the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Dalrada Financial Corporation (the Company for the fiscal quarter ended March
31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 14, 2024 (the Original Filing ). 

This Amendment is being filed solely to correct the
Company s revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2024, and accounts receivable as of March 31, 2024. No other information
in the Original Filing, including revenues, was incorrectly presented, and this Amendment should be read in conjunction with the Original
Filing. 

In accordance with Rule 12b-15 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, this Amendment includes new certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
dated as of the filing date of this Amendment. 

Other than as expressly described above, no changes
have been made to the Original Filing. This Amendment does not reflect events occurring after the Original Filing. 

3 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Unaudited interim condensed
consolidated Financial Statements. 

DALRADA FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

March 31, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts receivable, net - related parties 

Other receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Noncurrent receivables 

Noncurrent receivables - related parties 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Right-of-use asset, net 

Right-of-use asset, net - related party 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities related parties 

Deferred revenue 

Notes payable, current portion 

Notes payable, current portion related parties 

Lease liability, current portion 

Lease liability, current portion related
 party 

Total current liabilities 

Noncurrent payables 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Notes payable, net of current portion related parties 

Contingent consideration 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

Lease liability, net of current portion related party 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized: 

Series I preferred stock, 
 par value, 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively 

Series H preferred stock, par value, shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively 

Series G preferred stock, 
 par value, 
shares issued and outstanding as of both March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively 

Series F preferred stock, par value, shares issued and outstanding as of both March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized,
 and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively 

Common stock to be issued 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Dalrada Financial Corp's stockholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements) 

4 

DALRADA FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

 Unaudited interim condensed consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

March 31, 
 March 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenues 

Revenues - related party 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Other (expense) income 

Gain on expiration of accrued tax liability 

(Loss) gain on foreign exchange 

Total other (expense) income, net 

Loss before taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Comprehensive loss 

Net (loss) income attributable to
 noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to Dalrada Financial Corporation stockholders 

Net loss per common share to Dalrada stockholders basic 

Net loss per common share to Dalrada stockholders diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding
 basic 

Weighted average common shares outstanding
 diluted 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements) 

5 

DALRADA FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

 Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 

Preferred Stock 

Series I 
 Series H 
 Series G 
 Series F 
 Common Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible notes, accrued interest, and premium 

Common stock issues pursuant to acquisitions 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible notes, accrued interest, and premium 

Common stock issues pursuant to acquisitions 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Common stock issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Common stock issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Common stock issued pursuant to debt agreement 

Warrants issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Common stock issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Common stock issued pursuant to debt agreement 

Warrants issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Common stock to be issued for private placement 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

Conversion of related party notes to preferred stock 

Common stock issued pursuant to consulting agreement 

Warrants issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Common stock issued pursuant to private placement 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at March 31, 2024 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements) 

6 

DALRADA FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

 Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 

 (Continued) 

Common Stock to be 
 Preferred Stock to be 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Compre- 
hensive Income 
 Total Dalrada Financial Corp s Stockholders' 
 Non- 
controlling 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 

Issued 
 Issued 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Loss) 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 (Deficit) 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible notes, accrued interest, and premium 

Common stock issues pursuant to acquisitions 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

Common stock issued for conversion of convertible notes, accrued interest, and premium 

Common stock issues pursuant to acquisitions 

Stock based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Common stock issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Common stock issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Common stock issued pursuant to debt agreement 

Warrants issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Common stock issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Common stock issued pursuant to debt agreement 

Warrants issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Common stock to be issued for private placement 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at December 31, 2023 

Conversion of related party notes to preferred stock 

Common stock issued pursuant to consulting agreement 

Warrants issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Common stock issued pursuant to private placement 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance at March 31, 2024 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements) 

7 

DALRADA FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

 Unaudited interim
condensed consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Nine Months Ended 
 March 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock compensation 

Stock consideration issued to vendor 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Provision for credit losses 

Gain on expiration of accrued tax liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of amounts acquired or assumed in connection with acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Noncurrent receivables 

Accounts payable 

Noncurrent payables 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related parties 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued payroll taxes, penalties and interest 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of intangibles 

Acquisition of business, net of cash 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from related party notes payable 

Repayments of related party notes payable 

Net proceeds (repayments) from notes payable 

Proceeds from private placement 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of related party notes and interest into preferred stock 

Conversion of accounts payable-related parties to note payable-related parties 

Common stock issued pursuant to business combination 

Conversion of convertible note payable, accrued interest and premium into common stock 

Warrants issued pursuant to acquisitions 

Operating liabilities satisfied by related parties 

(Decrease) increase in right-of-use asset and lease liability 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements) 

8 

DALRADA FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

 Condensed Consolidated Notes to the
Unaudited interim condensed consolidated Financial Statements 

 As of March 31, 2024 

Dalrada Climate Technology (formerly Dalrada
Energy Services) 

Dalrada Climate Technology DCT is a segment which incapsulates energy services and state-of-the-art technology within the climate sustainability space. DCT employs next-generation
technology and services which enhances clean energy efforts while reducing the world s carbon footprint. As a premier industrial
heat pump manufacturer, Dalrada delivers innovation and efficiency, building solutions that reduce energy consumption and minimize carbon
footprints, increase operational efficiencies, meet environmental, social, and governance (ESG) goals, and lower energy costs for clients. 

Dalrada Technology
Limited DTL - DTL is a holding company for all United Kingdom and European based Dalrada Climate Technology
entities. 

Likido Ltd. Likido - Likido is an international engineering company developing advanced solutions for the harvesting and
recycling of energy. Using its novel, heat pump systems (patent pending), Likido is working to revolutionize the renewable energy
sector with the provision of innovative modular process technologies to maximize the capture and reuse of thermal energy for
integrated heating and cooling applications. With uses across industrial, commercial and residential sectors, Likido provides cost
savings and minimized carbon emissions across global supply chains. Likido's technologies enable the effective recovery and
recycling of process energy, mitigating against climate change and expected enhancement of quality of life through the provision of
low-carbon heating and cooling systems. Likido s products currently include the DCT One Heat Pumps (formerly
Likido ONE) and DCT Cryo Chiller. 

During the prior year, the
U.S. Government selected DCT One Series high-performance, low-carbon heat pump for real-world testing in a prestigious clean energy program.
The implementation of the DCT One Series testing is still in process. The expected positive results should not only increase market acceleration
and adoption within the federal government acceptance of groundbreaking eco-friendly technology but should also accelerate adoption within
the commercial building industry. 

Dalrada Technology Spain
L.T. DTS )- DTS was established as a Spanish subsidiary of DTL for the expansion of the manufacturing and sale of the
DCT One Series and DCT Cryo Chiller throughout Europe. 

Dalrada Energy Services DES - DES provides end-to-end comprehensive energy service solutions in a robust commercial capacity. DES helps organizations
meet ESG goals and standards while mitigating negative environmental impacts. 

Bothof Brothers Construction Bothof - Bothof is a licensed general contractor which provides a wide range of development, construction and design
capabilities and expertise throughout the United States. Through Bothof s extensive experience in construction and contracting,
the DES division can provide a myriad of additional services to its private and public works customers. 

Dalrada Financial Corporation
Morocco DFCM )- DFCM was established as a Moroccan subsidiary of Dalrada to conduct energy service solutions within
the country of Morocco. Dalrada owns a equity interest in DFCM. 

Dalrada Home Corporation Dalrada Home )- Dalrada Home Corporation was established in February of 2024. Dalrada Home s cutting-edge sustainability
solutions are designed specifically for residential purposes. Our home heat pumps help us lead the way in providing innovative climate
technology products and services to residential customers. 

Dalrada Precision Manufacturing 

Dalrada Precision Manufacturing creates total
manufacturing solutions that start with the design and development of high-quality machine parts and components, and end with an efficient
global supply chain. This specialized business division can meet today s high demands and solves industry challenges. Dalrada Precision
Manufacturing is confident that it redefines the critical quality of the world s top components and responds with in-house research,
design, engineering, and distribution through a highly reliable global supply chain and improved time-to-market capabilities. 

Dalrada Precision
Parts Precision - Precision extends the client its engineering and operations team by helping devise unique
manufacturing solutions tailored to their products. Dalrada Precision can enter at any stage of the product lifecycle from concept
and design to mass production and logistics. 

Deposition
Technologies DepTec - DepTec designs, develops, manufactures, and services chemical vapor and physical vapor
deposition systems for the microchip and semiconductor industries. 

DepTec has built an impressive
catalogue of precision OEM parts for PVD (Physical vapor deposition) systems and the Company s refurbished systems which allows
clients the option of purchasing the same model of system they ve been using for decades but with significant upgrades and
improved efficiencies. Older systems can now operate more reliably with additional control and monitoring plus longer lifespans. DepTec
also has its own PVD and CVD (Chemical Vapor Deposition) systems, EVOS-PVD and EVOS -CVD, which deposits metals and non-metals for microchips
used in almost every standard and specialized microdevices made today and in the future. These systems can produce a superior film layer
utilized in rugged high-stress environment designs. 

Ignite I.T. Ignite - Ignite is a manufacturer and seller of eco-friendly deep cleaners, parts washers and degreasers that
are specially formulated to lift hydrocarbon-based dirt and grease from virtually all surfaces with minimal effort. Ignite products
are non-flammable, non-corrosive, non-toxic, butyl-free, water-based, and leave a light citrus scent. Ignite is developed for all
surfaces suitable for water and meets or exceed the most stringent industry-testing specifications. 

Dalrada Technologies 

Dalrada Technologies has worked with some of the
world s most recognizable companies, providing digital engineering for cutting-edge software systems and offering a host of robust
digital services. This business division connects the world with integrated technology and innovative solutions, delivering advanced capabilities
and error-free results. Dalrada Technologies creates digital products with expert computer information technology and software engineering
services for a variety of technical industries and clients in both B2B and B2C environments. 

Prakat Prakat - Prakat is an ISO 9001-certified company that provides end-to-end technology services across various
industries, improving the value chain. The Company specializes in test engineering, accessibility engineering, product engineering,
application modernization, billing and revenue management, CRM, and block chain. Prakat provides global customers with software and
technology solutions specializing in Test Engineering, Accessibility Engineering, Product Engineering and Application
Modernization. 

Dalrada Corporate 

Dalrada Corporate covers the activities which
support the entire suite of Dalrada subsidiaries. Dalrada Corporate includes the areas of administration, finance, human resources, legal
advice, information technology, and marketing. It also contains executive management and shareholder-related services. 

Going Concern 

These unaudited interim condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that the Company will continue to
realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The continuation of the Company as a going
concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from related parties, its ability to identify future investment
opportunities, obtain the necessary debt or equity financing, and generate profitable operations. The Company had net losses of
 ,
accumulated deficit of 
and net cash used in operations of 5,665,542 
for the nine months ended March 31, 2024. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issue date of this report. These condensed consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

, and of total revenues,
respectively. Also, healthcare insurers, government payers and OTC pharmaceutical sales amounted to total revenues of and
 for the nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The accounts receivable related to both healthcare insurers
and government payers is and as of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively. 

As of March 31, 2024 and June 30,
2023, 
 and 
 is owed by customers from the sale of DCT One units, respectively. 

The fair value of the contingent consideration
obligations was based on a probability weighted approach derived from the estimates of earn-out criteria and the probability assessment
with respect to the likelihood of achieving those criteria. The measurement was based on significant inputs that were not observable
in the market, therefore, the Company classified this liability as Level 3 in the following tables: 

Fair Value Measurements as of June 30, 2023 Using: 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration 

The Company records a contingent consideration
liability relating to stock price guarantees included in its acquisition and consulting agreements. The estimated fair value of the contingent
consideration is recorded using a significant observable measure and is therefore classified as a Level 3 financial instrument. 

The fair value of the contingent consideration
liability related to the Company s business combinations is valued based on a forward contract and the guaranteed equity value at
settlement as defined in the acquisition agreement (see Note 4. Business Combinations and Asset Acquisition). The fair value of
the contingent consideration is then calculated based on the guaranteed equity value at settlement as defined in the acquisition agreement.
(See Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies ). 

Changes in contingent consideration
liability during the nine months ended March 31, 2024 and the year ended June 30, 2023, are as follows: 

Change in fair value 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Contingent Consideration Liability 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Change in fair value 

Common stock issuance 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

derivative liability as of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023. 

and 
respectively. 

Genefic Pharmacy, Boost, and Pala have
a standardized approach to estimate the amount of consideration that we expect to be entitled to for its pharmaceutical revenue, and COVID-19
testing including the impact of contractual allowances (including payer denials), and patient price concessions. The Company principally
estimates the allowance for credit losses by pool based on historical collection experience, the current credit worthiness of the customers,
current economic conditions, expectations of future economic conditions and the period of time that the receivables have been outstanding.
Adjustments to our estimated contractual allowances and implicit patient price concessions are recorded in the current period as changes
in estimates. 

 reserve was established as of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023. 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Estimated useful lives are
periodically assessed to determine if changes are appropriate. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When
assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost of these assets and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are
eliminated from the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and any resulting gains or losses are included in the Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Operations in the period of disposal. 

and 
to a balance of 
during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2024, respectively. 

In December 2023, the Company issued
 shares of common stock related to the acquisition of DepTec (SSCe) for . 

 . During the nine months
ended March 31, 2024, the Company performed a qualitative assessment of its reporting units to evaluate whether it is more likely than
not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. As a result of the qualitative impairment assessment performed,
the Company did not recognize goodwill impairment. 

An intangible asset is an identifiable
non-monetary asset without physical substance. Such an asset is identifiable when it is separable, or when it arises from contractual
or other legal rights. Separable assets can be sold, transferred, licensed, etc. Examples of intangible assets include computer software,
licenses, trademarks, patents, films, and copyrights. The Company s intangible assets are finite lived assets and are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. 

t
necessary as of March 31, 2024 or June 30, 2023. 

Net revenues from Pharmaceutical sales
and COVID-19 testing accounted for over 61 and 28 of the Company s total net revenues for the nine months ended March 31, 2024
and nine months ended March 31, 2023, respectively, and primarily comprised of a high volume of relatively low-dollar transactions. Pala
and Boost, which provides clinical testing services and other services, satisfies its performance obligations and recognizes revenues
primarily upon completion of the testing process (when results are reported) or when services have been rendered at a point in time. Genefic
Pharmacy directly bills patients as well as insurers and government agencies. Pala and Boost do not invoice the patients themselves for
testing but relies on healthcare insurers and government payers for reimbursement for COVID-19 testing. Pala has a standardized approach
to estimate the amount of consideration that we expect to be entitled to, including the impact of contractual allowances (including payer
denials), and patient price concessions. We regularly assess the state of our billing operations in order to identify issues which may
impact the collectability of receivables or revenue estimates. We believe that the collectability of our receivables is directly linked
to the quality of our billing processes, most notably those related to obtaining the correct information in order to bill effectively
for the services we provide. As such, we strive to implement best practices and work with our third-party billing company
to reduce the number of requisitions that we receive from healthcare providers with missing or incorrect billing information. We believe
that our collection and revenue estimation processes, along with our close monitoring of our billing operations, help to reduce the risk
associated with material adjustments to reserve estimates. However, changes to our estimate of the impact of contractual allowances (including
payer denials) and patient price concessions could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition in the
period that the estimates are adjusted. Adjustments to our estimated contractual allowances and implicit patient price concessions are
recorded in the current period as changes in estimates. Although we have limited track record, further adjustments to the allowances,
based on actual receipts, may be recorded upon settlement. 

DES recognizes service revenue on energy
savings contracts where it provides design, engineering and equipment upgrades to obtain energy savings through Environmental, Social,
and Governance ESG targets. DES recognizes revenue through two performance obligations: 1) the Energy Savings Report (point
in time); and 2) functional IP license (point in time with a significant financing component and royalty and variable consideration constraint).
Up to and upon completion of an energy savings project, DES calculates the monthly energy savings based on prior and current energy consumption
totals. Upon completion of a project, the customer pays monthly fixed payments which represents a financing component. DES recognized
monthly interest income and royalty revenue when the constraint from the energy savings percentage is known. DES records
revenue at a point in time as it provides additional management, consulting, and other services as they are incurred. 

DepTec and Bothof recognize service
revenues at a point in time using a cost-based input method, by which we use actual costs incurred relative to the total estimated contract
costs to determine, as a percentage, progress toward contract completion. Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are
made in the period in which such losses are determined. The unbilled portion in excess of costs incurred is reflected as an other receivable
in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The Company also earns service revenue
from its other subsidiaries, including information technology and consulting services via Prakat, educational programs, and courses via
DCI, management services for Genefic Wellness Group, and custom parts manufacturing for Dalrada Precision Parts. For Prakat, Genefic Wellness
Group and Dalrada Precision Parts, revenues are recognized when performance obligations have been satisfied and the services are complete.
This is generally at a point of time upon written completion and client acceptance of the project or product, which represents transfer
of control to the customer. For DCI, service revenues are recognized over the course of a semester while services are performed. 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

The following table presents the Company s
revenue disaggregated by revenue source: 

Product sales - related party 

Service revenue - third parties 

Service revenue - related party 

Total revenue 

Accounts Receivable and Deferred
Revenue 

The following table provides information
about receivables and contract liabilities from contracts with customers: 

Accounts receivable, net related parties 

Noncurrent receivables 

Noncurrent receivables related parties 

Deferred revenue 

The Company invoices customers based
upon contractual billing schedules, and accounts receivable are recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Contract
liabilities represent a set-up fee prepayment received from a customer in advance of performance obligations met. 

Service revenue 

Total cost of revenue 

and , respectively. During
the nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, advertising expenses were approximately and , respectively. 

 and , respectively. During the
nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, stock-based compensation expense was and , respectively 

 ,
 , and , respectively. 

and , was not included in diluted loss per share, because the effects are
antidilutive, for the three and nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

There were no adjustments to the numerator
during the three and nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 

ownership and controlling interest. The JV, Pala Diagnostics, LLC Pala is a CLIA-certified diagnostics lab focused on
SARS-CoV-2 testing for now with additional testing capabilities to be introduced. The JV has been treated as a business combination. 

Pursuant to the partnership agreement, Dalrada
contributed equity in the amount of for operating capital and Vivera contributed property and equipment at a fair value of .
This amount was included in non-controlling interest equity balance in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Pursuant to the JV agreement, Dalrada issued 
shares of common stock to Vivera in October 2021. The fair value of was recorded as a loss on impairment in full for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 2023. 

In December 2021, Dalrada Health filed suit against
Vivera and Paul Edalat, Vivera s Chairman and CEO, for misappropriation of funds on behalf of the joint venture in the amount of
 , accounted for as an unauthorized distribution. In addition to filing a cross-complaint against Dalrada Health Products, Vivera
filed a separate complaint against Dalrada Financial Corporation, Empower Genomics, Dalrada Financial Corporation s officers, and
other unrelated parties. See Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies for legal proceedings. 

of the common stock of Bothof Brothers Construction Inc. Bothof ). The Company assumed the net liabilities of the
Bothof in exchange for the employment services of the selling shareholder. All considerations in the transaction required the
continued employment of the selling shareholder and thus is not consideration transferred under ASC 805. 

The Company entered into a and additionally issued cashless warrants, at a strike price of 
per share, to equal , which vest quarterly over a period of 24 months (the Warrant Consideration ). 

If at the end of the 24-month warrant distribution
period, beginning on the effective date of October 17, 2022 (the Distribution Period ), the value of cashless warrants does
not equate to 6,000,000 (the Target Amount in value, then the Company shall issue additional cashless warrants equal to
the shortfall between the value of the Warrants Consideration and the Target Amount (the Valuation Shortfall ). 

The value of the Warrant Consideration to the
selling shareholder is . The Company records the value as stock-based compensation on a straight-line basis over the vesting
period of 24-months. 

The Warrant Consideration is contingent on the
selling shareholder s continued employment with the Company; therefore, it is treated as stock-based compensation expense and recognized
ratably over a 24-month period. 

The Company acquired Bothof to facilitate the
work of and expand the Dalrada Energy Services segment. Bothof s selling shareholder holds certain licenses, construction/engineering
design expertise and management skills which will leverage synergies with Dalrada Energy Services. 

The Bothof transaction was accounted for as a
business combination in accordance with ASC 805. The Company has determined preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. 

The Company has made a preliminary allocation
of the purchase price regarding the acquisition related to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the purchase date. The following
table summarizes the purchase price allocation as of October 17, 2022: 

Other receivables 

Right of use asset, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Trade name 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Lease liability 

Notes payable, current portion 

Purchase price consideration 

Trade name is amortized on a straight-line basis
over one month. The fair value estimate of the trade name for the purchase price allocation was based on an analysis of the present value
of future cash flows and relief from royalty method. 

Dalrada Technology LTD EU DTL 

On March 1, 2023, the Company acquired of
the common stock of DTL in an asset acquisition. In consideration for the asset acquisition, the Company issued cashless warrants,
at a strike price of per share, which shall vest quarterly over 36 months. 

The value of the Warrant Consideration to the
selling shareholder is . The value was calculated using the Black-Scholes model. The Company recorded a liability for the warrants
at the acquisition date as the warrants are not contingent on employment of the sellers. 

The Company acquired DTL as a holding company
for its European operations, including Likido Ltd. and DepTec. DTL will also be utilized to pursue certain European grants and other governmental
funding opportunities. The two sellers of DTL are related parties to the Chairman and CEO of the Company. 

The DTL transaction was accounted for as an asset
acquisition in accordance with ASC 805. The Company has determined preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 

The Company has made a preliminary allocation
of the purchase price regarding the asset acquisition related to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the purchase date.
The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation as of March 1, 2023: 

Deposits 

Prepaids 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Trade name 

Loan Payable 

Purchase price consideration 

Trade name is amortized on a straight-line basis over two years. 

Work-in-progress 

Finished goods 

Inventories 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Property and equipment, net consisted of the following as of March
31, 2024 and June 30, 2023: 

Leasehold improvements 

Computer and office equipment 

Construction in progress 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense of and 
for the nine months ended, and and for the three months ended, March 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively, were included
in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

Intangible Assets, Net 

Intangible assets, net consisted of the following
as of March 31, 2024: 

Additions 

Balance: March 31, 2024 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Balance: June 30, 2023 

Additions 

Balance: March 31, 2024 

Net book value: March 31, 2024 

Amortization expense of 
and 
for the nine months ended, and 
and 
for the three months ended, March 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively, were included in selling, general and administrative expenses in
the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The Company s intangible assets are subject to
amortization and are amortized over the straight-line methods over their estimated period of benefit. 

Related entity 2 

Related entity 3 

Related entity 4 

Related entity 5 

Related entity 6 

June 30, 2023 

Outstanding 
 Accrued 

Principal 
 Interest 
 
 Related entity 1 

Related entity 2 

Related entity 3 

Related entity 4 

Related entity 5 

Related entity 6 

The following is a summary of current and
noncurrent notes payable related parties as of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023: 

Related entity 2 

Related entity 3 

Related entity 4 

Related entity 5 

Related entity 6 

June 30, 2023 

Current 
 Noncurrent 

Portion 
 Portion 
 Total 
 
 Related entity 1 

Related entity 2 

Related entity 3 

Related entity 4 

Related entity 5 

Related entity 6 

All notes dated December 31, 2022, and prior
are unsecured, bear interest at 
per annum, and are due 360 days from the date of issuance, ranging from , to . All notes dated after December 31, 2022, are unsecured, bear interest at 
per annum, and are due 1095 days from the date of issuance. Each related party has significant influence or common ownership with
the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Several of these notes are in default. The Company has not received any notices of
default or demands for payment. All notes are unsecured and those which are past-due are due on demand. As of March 31, 2024 and
June 30, 2023, total accrued interest for Notes Payable-Related Parties was 
and ,
respectively. The Company recorded interest expense from Notes Payable-Related Party for the three months ended March 31, 2024, and
2023, of and , respectively. The Company recorded interest expense from Notes Payable-Related Party for the nine
months ended March 31, 2024, and 2023, of 
and ,
respectively. 

Related entity 6 carries an annual interest rate
of 
and is collateralized by the accounts receivable of Watson Rx. Related entity 4 has multiple loans which include interest rates at and are not collateralized. 

Noncurrent portion 

Total 

Notes Payable 

Pacific Stem and DCI s Economic Injury Disaster
Loans EIDL loans, dated June 7, 2020 and May 10, 2020, respectively, include a 3.75 interest rate for up to 30 years;
the payments are deferred for the first two years (during which interest will accrue), and payments of principal and interest are made
over the remaining 28 years. The EIDL loan has no penalty for prepayment. The EIDL loans attach collateral which includes the following
property that EIDL borrower owns or shall acquire or create immediately upon the acquisition or creation thereof: all tangible and intangible
personal property, including, but not limited to: (a) inventory, (b) equipment, (c) instruments, including promissory notes (d) chattel
paper, including tangible chattel paper and electronic chattel paper, (e) documents, (f) letter of credit rights, (g) accounts, including
health-care insurance receivables and credit card receivables, (h) deposit accounts, (i) commercial tort claims, (j) general intangibles,
including payment intangibles and software and (k) as-extracted collateral as such terms may from time to time be defined in the Uniform
Commercial Code. The security interest the EIDL borrower grants includes all accessions, attachments, accessories, parts, supplies and
replacements for the collateral, all products, proceeds and collections thereof and all records and data relating thereto. The balance
of Pacific Stem s EIDL is as of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively. The balance of DCI s EIDL is 
and as of March 31,2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively. The EIDL loans are technically in default as a result of a change in
ownership without the Small Business Administration SBA prior written consent. The Company has contacted the SBA regarding
the transfer of ownership documentation and has not yet finalized the transfer of ownership of the EIDL loans. 

Likido s COVID-19 Government Loan includes
a interest rate for up to six years; the payments are deferred for the first year (during which interest will accrue). The balance
of COVID-19 Government Loan is and as of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively. 

Watson has a loan totaling and 
as of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively, which includes an interest rate of with a maturity date of . The
loan is collateralized by personal property and includes monthly payments in the amount of , with a balloon payment at the maturity
date in the amount of . Watson renewed a loan on June 26, 2023, for , which includes an interest rate equal to the Wall
Street Journal Prime Rate, or and as of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively, and has a maturity date of . The loan is collateralized by the accounts receivable of Watson and includes four payments of . 

On July 25, 2023, Genefic Inc. entered into an
agreement with OnPoint LTB, LLC, for a credit line and funding of up to . The terms of the credit line include a -month term
loan, with interest only for 6 months, then amortizing over 18 months down to 50 , with the remaining 50 of the balance due at the end
of term. Interest is fixed at per annum, with an origination fee of which is added to the loan balance. Genefic borrowed the
first installment of at the time of closing and the remaining was borrowed on October 4, 2023. As part of the loan
origination fee, the Company issued shares of its common stock. The transaction includes a debt discount of which is
amortized using an effective interest method over a 24-month period. The net balance of the loan is as of March 31, 2024. 

On January 4, 2024, Genefic Specialty Rx, Inc.
executed a revenue purchase agreement for , which includes a purchase percent and a total purchased amount of at
the end of the term. The agreement includes a underwriting fee and a origination fee. 

Convertible Notes 

On February 4, 2022, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement SPA with YA II PN, Ltd. (the Buyer for issuance and sale of convertible
debentures (the Debentures in the aggregate principal amount of , including net proceeds received of 
from February to March 2022. 

The Debentures had a fixed conversion price of
 per share (the Fixed Conversion Price ). The principal and interest, which accrued at a rate of per annum, payable
under the Debentures matures 15 months from the issuance date (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier converted or redeemed
by the Company. At any time before the Maturity Date, the Buyer had the option to convert the Debentures into the Company s common
stock at the Fixed Conversion Price. Beginning on May 1, 2023, and continuing on the first day of each calendar month thereafter through
February 1, 2023, the Principal amount plus a 20 redemption premium and plus accrued and unpaid interest was subject to monthly redemption Monthly Redemption ). Under Monthly Redemption, the Company redeemed an applicable redemption amount in accordance with
the redemption schedule provided in the Debenture, which is subject to pro rata adjustment to reflect the conversion or redemption otherwise
effected pursuant to the Debenture contemporaneous with or prior to the scheduled redemption date, in cash, in common stock through the
Buyer s conversion of the Debenture (at any time after the applicable redemption date), or a combination of both at the Company s
option. With respect to each Monthly Redemption, all or partially in common stock, the conversion price shall be the lower of (1) the
Fixed Conversion Price, or (2) 100 of the lowest daily VWAP during the ten consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of
conversion (the Variable Conversion Price ). The conversion price was adjusted from time to time pursuant to the other terms
and conditions of the Debenture. At no point could the conversion price be less than 0.01. 

The Company, in its sole discretion, had the option
to redeem in cash amounts owed under the Debentures prior to the Maturity Date by providing the Buyer with advance written notice at least
10 trading days prior to such redemption, provided that the Shares are trading below the Fixed Conversion Price at the time of the redemption
notice. The Company had to pay a redemption premium equal to 20 (the Redemption Premium of the principal amount being
redeemed. 

In connection with the Debenture, the Company
issued to the Buyer warrants equal to 30 coverage exercisable at a strike price equal to the Fixed Conversion Price determined at the
date of the initial closing, or a total of warrants to purchase common stock. The Warrants shall be exercisable for four years
and shall be exercised on a cash basis provided the Company is not in default and the shares underlying the Warrant are subject to an
effective registration statement at the time of the Investor s exercise. There is a cashless provision. 

The Company analyzed the conversion feature of
the warrants and determined they did not need to be bifurcated under ASC 815. Based on adoption of ASU-2020-06, the debt was accounted
for as traditional convertible debt with no portion of the proceeds attributed to the conversion feature. The warrants issued with the
debt were accounted for as a debt discount and amortized as interest expense over the life of the note. The warrants were valued using
the Monte Carlo model and the Company recognized as a debt discount. Key variables used in the valuation are as follows: 

0.0 

In connection with the Debenture, the Company
incurred in issuance costs. Furthermore, the Company issued shares of common stock to the Buyer and broker at a fair
value of . Both the issuance costs and fair value of common stock were recorded as a debt discount. 

The total debt discounts related to the
convertible notes were 
and amortized using a straight-line method over a fifteen-month period. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, and 2023, the
Company amortized 
and 
of debt discount, incurred interest expense of 
and ,
and accrued interest of 
and ,
respectively. During the nine months ended March 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company amortized and of debt discount, incurred
interest expense of and , and accrued interest of and , respectively. 

The total redemption premiums related to the convertible
notes were and amortized using a straight-line method over a 10-month period, starting in May 2022. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company paid redemption premiums related to cash and
stock respectively. During the nine months ended
March 31, 2024, and 2023, the Company paid redemption premiums related to cash of and , and stock of and , respectively.
In addition, the Company recorded accretion of and related to interest expense, respectively. 

During the three and nine months ended March
31, 2024, and 2023, the Company redeemed cash of 
and , and
debentures of 
and ,
respectively. 

The net balance of the convertible note was 
as of March 31, 2024, and June 30, 2023. 

of related party
debt principal and interest related to promissory notes issued by the Company, with the option for conversion, was converted into 
shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock Series G Stock ). 

On April 4, 2023, of related party
debt principal and interest related to promissory notes issued by the Company, with the option for conversion, was converted into 
shares of Series H Convertible Preferred Stock Series H Stock ). 

On June 23, 2023, of related party
debt principal and interest related to promissory notes issued by the Company, with the option for conversion, was converted into 
shares of Series I Convertible Preferred Stock Series I Stock ). 

On March 29, 2024, of related party
debt principal and interest related to promissory notes issued by the Company, with the option for conversion, was converted into 
shares of Series I Convertible Preferred Stock Series I Stock ). The Series I Stock shall convert at one share of Series
I Stock to 5,000 shares of common stock (equivalent to converting the related dollars into common shares at 0.167 per share). 

and ; and 
and , respectively. The expenses paid on their behalf primarily relate to operational expenditure and payroll. In most
cases, promissory notes were created on a quarterly basis totaling the amounts referenced above. The remaining amounts are included
within accounts payable related parties for which the related parties expect repayment. The above-referenced expenses relate
to three corporations that the Company has classified as related parties. These corporations are all owned and/or operated by an
individual who has a familial relationship with the Company s CEO. 

As of March 31, 2024 and June 30, 2023 amounts
included within accounts payable and accrued liabilities related parties for related party expenses was and ,
respectively. 

The following is a summary of revenues recorded
by the Companies to related parties with common ownership: 

Dalrada Energy Services 

Ignite 

Prakat 

Bothof Brothers 

See Notes 6, 7, 9, 10, and 11 for additional related
party transactions. 

shares authorized of Series
F Preferred Stock Series F Stock ), par value, , of which shares of Series F Stock (at a fair value of 170)
were issued to the CEO in December 2019. Each share of Series F Stock entitles the holder to the greater of (i) one hundred thousand votes
for each share of Series F Stock, or (ii) the number of votes equal to the number of all outstanding shares of Common Stock, plus one
additional vote such that the holders of Series F Stock shall always constitute most of the voting rights of the Corporation. In any vote
or action of the holders of the Series F Stock voting together as a separate class required by law, each share of issued and outstanding
Series F Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote per share. The holders of Series F Stock shall vote together with the shares
of Common Stock as one class. 

On February 1,
2022, the Company converted 
of related party debt principal and interest into 
shares of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock Series G Stock ). The Series G Stock shall convert at one share of
Series G Stock to 2,177 shares of common stock (equivalent to converting the related dollars into common shares at 0.30 per share).
Series G Stock does not have voting rights. 

On April 4, 2023, the
Company converted of related party debt principal and interest into shares of Series H Convertible Preferred Stock Series
H Stock ). The Series H Stock shall convert at one share of Series H Stock to 3,029 shares of common stock (equivalent to
converting the related dollars into common shares at 0.10 per share). Series H Stock does not have voting rights. 

On June 23, 2023,
the Company converted of related party debt principal and interest into shares of Series I Convertible Preferred
Stock Series I Stock ). The Series I Stock shall convert at one share of Series I Stock to 5,000 shares of common
stock (equivalent to converting the related dollars into common shares at 0.167 per share). Series I Stock does not have voting
rights. 

On March 29, 2024, of related party
debt principal and interest related to promissory notes issued by the Company, with the option for conversion, was converted into 
shares of Series I Convertible Preferred Stock Series I Stock ). The Series I Stock shall convert at one share of Series
I Stock to 5,000 shares of common stock (equivalent to converting the related dollars into common shares at 0.167 per share). The Series
I Stock does not have voting rights. 

There were various related party debt convertible
notes that occurred during 2024 and 2023 (see Note 7. Convertible Note Payable Related Parties for more information). 

In January 2024, the Company confirmed 
preferred shares authorized. 

shares
of common stock pursuant to a loan agreement for . 

In July 2023, the Company issued shares
of common stock pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement with Prakat Solutions Inc. for . 

In September 2023, the Company issued 
shares of common stock related to the acquisition of Watson for . 

In October 2023 the company issued shares
of common stock pursuant to a loan agreement for . 

In December 2023, the Company issued shares
of common stock related to the acquisition of Watson for . 

In December 2023, the Company issued shares
of common stock related to the acquisition of DepTec (SSCe) for . 

In January 2024, the Company reduced the number
of authorized shares from 1,000,000,000 to . 

In February 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock
related to a Company conducted private placement for . 

In February 2024, the Company issued 
 shares of common stock pursuant to consulting agreements resulting in 
in consultancy fees. The fair value of these shares was based upon the quoted closing trading price. 

Common Stock Transactions Fiscal 2023 

In July 2022, November 2022, December 2022, March
2023 and June 2023, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to the acquisition of DepTec (SSCe). 

In July 2022, the Company issued shares
of common stock pursuant to a consulting agreement for management services. 

In December 2022, March 2023 and April 2023, the
Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to the acquisition of Watson. 

In September 2022, December 2022, and March 2023,
the Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to the acquisition of International Health Group. 

In September 2022 and December 2022, the
Company issued a total of shares of common stock related to the acquisition of Pacific Stem Business. 

During the nine months ended March 31, 2023, the
Company issued shares of common stock pursuant to the conversion of of convertible debt and its related premium
and interest expense. 

shares. On February 25, 2021, the Company amended the plan to issue up to 
 shares and issued an aggregate of 
 common shares, or 500,000 shares to each board member (9). 
 shares of common stock were granted on July 9, 2020, at 0.08 per share and 
 shares of common stock were granted on February 25, 2021, at 0.45 per share, for a total fair value of ,
which is included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

On May 10, 2021, the Company granted 
options to purchase common stock to its Chief Financial Officer with an exercise price of per share. The options expire in ten years
after issuance. The fair value of the options granted was per share, or which was calculated using the Black-Scholes model. 

On November 10, 2021, the Company cancelled 
shares issued to the Board of Directors and issued cashless warrants. cashless warrants were to vest immediately,
and 2,000,000 cashless warrants were to vest over a 12-month period. All cashless warrants carry a 0.45 exercise price and a ten-year
term. The Company recorded stock-based compensation related to the 6,500,000 shares in prior periods. The issuance of the warrants was
treated as a modification and, as a result of the value of the stock-based compensation of the shares cancelled being greater than the
stock-based compensation related to the cashless warrants issued, no additional stock-based compensation expense was recorded for the
year ended June 30, 2022. 

On November 30, 2021, the Company issued 
cashless warrants to employees and consultants for services performed. cashless warrants vested immediately and 1,450,000 cashless
warrants vests over a 36-month period. The cashless warrants include an exercise price of per share. The cashless warrants expire
in ten years after issuance. The fair value of the cashless warrants granted was per share, or which was calculated using
the Black-Scholes model. 

On February 16, 2022, the Company issued 
cashless warrants to new members of the Board of Directors. The cashless warrants vest over a 12-month period and hold an exercise price
of per share. The cashless warrants expire in ten years after issuance. The fair value of the cashless warrants granted was 
per share, or which was calculated using the Black-Scholes model. 

On August 11, 2022, the Company issued 
cashless warrants to new members of the Board of Directors and Advisors. cashless warrants vest over a 12-month period and hold
an exercise price of per share. 450,000 cashless warrants vest over a 12-month period and hold an exercise price of per share.
 cashless warrants vest over a 12-month period beginning April 8, 2023 and hold an exercise price of 0.45 per share. The cashless
warrants expire in ten years after issuance. The fair value of the cashless warrants granted was per share, or which was
calculated using the Black-Scholes model. 

On October 7, 2022, the Company issued 
cashless warrants to the selling shareholder of Bothof in connection with acquisition of Bothof. The warrants vest over a 24-month period
and hold an exercise price of per share. The cashless warrants expire in ten years after issuance. The fair value of the cashless
warrants granted was per share, or which was calculated using the Fair Value method. The cashless warrants are contingent
on the selling shareholder s continued employment with the Company; therefore, it is treated as stock-based compensation expense
and recognized ratably over a 24-month period. 

On March 1, 2023, the Company issued 
cashless warrants to the selling shareholders of Dalrada Technology Ltd with the acquisition of Dalrada Technology Ltd. The warrants vest
over a 36-month period and hold an exercise price of per share. The cashless warrants expire in ten years after issuance. The fair
value of the cashless warrants granted was per share, or , which was calculated using the Fair Value method. 

On April 14, 2023, the Company authorized and
issued cashless warrants to various officers, employees, and consultants of the Company. A total of cashless warrants
vest over a 36-month period and hold an exercise price of per share. A total of cashless warrants vest over a 24-month
period and hold an exercise price of per share. A total of cashless warrants vest over a 36-month period and hold an exercise
price of per share. A total of cashless warrants vest over a 12-month period and hold an exercise price of per share.
A total of cashless warrants vest over a 12-month period and hold an exercise price of per share. A total of cashless
warrants vest over a 12-month period and hold an exercise price of per share. A total of cashless warrants vest over a 12-month
period and hold an exercise price of per share. A total of cashless warrants vest over a 36-month period and hold an exercise
price of per share. A total of cashless warrants vest over a 36-month period and hold an exercise price of per share.
A total of cashless warrants vest over a 36-month period and hold an exercise price of per share. The remaining 
cashless warrants vest over a 24-month period and hold an exercise price of per share. The cashless warrants expire in ten years
after issuance. The fair value of the cashless warrants granted was per share, or , which was calculated using the Black-Scholes
model. 

On May 25, 2023, the Company authorized and issued
 cashless warrants to various employees of the Company. A total of cashless warrants vest over a 36-month period and hold
an exercise price of per share, and the remaining cashless warrants vest over a 36-month period and hold an exercise price
of per share. The cashless warrants expire in ten years after issuance. The fair value of the cashless warrants granted was 
per share, or , which was calculated using the Black-Scholes model. 

On September 6, 2023, the Company authorized and
issued cashless warrants to various officers, employees, and consultants of the Company. A total of cashless warrants
vest over a 24-month period and hold an exercise price of per share. A total of cashless warrants vest over a 36-month
period and hold an exercise price of per share. A total of cashless warrants vest over a 36-month period and hold an exercise
price of per share. A total of cashless warrants vest over a 36-month period and hold an exercise price of per share.
The cashless warrants expire in ten years after issuance. The fair value of the cashless warrants granted was per share, or ,
which was calculated using the Black-Scholes model. 

On December 14, 2023, the Company authorized
and issued 
cashless warrants to various employees of the Company. All 
cashless warrants vest over a -month
period and hold an exercise price of 
per share. The cashless warrants expire in ten 
years after issuance. The fair value of the cashless warrants granted was 0.17 per share, or ,
which was calculated using the Black-Scholes model. 

On January 30, 2024, the Company authorized and
issued 
 cashless warrants to various employees and consultants of the company. A total of 
 cashless warrants vest over a -month
period and hold an exercise price of 
 per share. A total of 
 cashless warrants vest over a -month
period and hold an exercise price of 
 per share. A total of 
 cashless warrants vest over a -month
period and hold an exercise price of 
 per share. A total of 
 cashless warrants vest over a -month
period and hold an exercise price of 
 per share. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Outstanding - June 30, 2023 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

) 

Outstanding - March 31, 2024 

Exercisable - March 31, 2024 

During the nine months ended March 31, 2024 and
2023, stock-based compensation was and , respectively. Total unrecognized compensation cost of non-vested warrants
was on March 31, 2024, which will be recognized through fiscal year ending June 30, 2026. 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 

Genefic 
 Dalrada Energy 
 Dalrada Precision Manufacturing 
 Dalrada Technologies 
 Corporate 
 Consolidated 
 
 Revenues 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Nine Months Ended March 31, 2024 

Genefic 
 Dalrada Climate Technology 
 Dalrada Precision Manufacturing 
 Dalrada Technologies 
 Corporate 
 Consolidated 
 
 Revenues 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Nine Months Ended March 31, 2023 

Genefic 
 Dalrada Energy 
 Dalrada Precision Manufacturing 
 Dalrada Technologies 
 Corporate 
 Consolidated 
 
 Revenues 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

Geographic Information 

The following table presents revenue by country: 

Scotland 

Spain 

India 

The following table presents inventories by country: 

Scotland 

The following table presents property and equipment,
net, by country: 

Scotland 

Spain 

India 

Right-of-Use Asset 

In July 2022, the Company entered into a
five-year lease agreement to lease a commercial building in Escondido, California. The building is owned by a related party. The
Company recognized a right of use asset and lease liability of 
and used an effective borrowing rate of 
within the calculation. Imputed interest is .
The lease agreements mature in June 2027. 

In April 2023, the Company s Prakat subsidiary
entered into a lease agreement to lease office space through March 2026. The Company recognized a right of use asset and lease liability of
 and used an effective borrowing rate of within the calculation. 

In May 2021, the Company s PSC subsidiary
entered into a three-year and 6-month lease agreement to lease a medical office space in Poway, California. The Company recognized a right
of use asset and lease liability of and used an effective borrowing rate of within the calculation. 

In January 2022, the Company s DCI subsidiary
entered into a five-year and 5-month lease agreement to lease a medical office space in Chula Vista, California. The Company recognized
a right of use asset and lease liability of and used an effective borrowing rate of within the calculation. 

In May 2022, the Company s DCI subsidiary
entered into a six-year and 3-month lease agreement to lease an office space in San Diego, California. The Company recognized a right
of use asset and lease liability of 
 and used an effective borrowing rate of 
within the calculation. 

In August 2020, the Company s DepTec subsidiary
entered into a five-year lease agreement to lease office space. The Company recognized a right of use asset and lease liability of 
and used an effective borrowing rate of 

In May 2021, the Company s Watson subsidiary
entered into a three-year lease agreement to lease a building in Florence, Alabama. The Company recognized a right of use asset and lease liability
of and used an effective borrowing rate of 

In July 2022, the Company s Empower subsidiary
entered into a five-year lease agreement to lease a commercial space in Escondido, California. The building is owned by a related party.
The Company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of and used an effective borrowing rate of within the calculation.
Imputed interest is . The lease agreement matures in June 2027. 

In October 2022, the Company s Pala Diagnostics
entered into a one-year lease agreement to lease a research and development laboratory space in San Diego, California. The Company recognized
a right-of-use asset and lease liability of And used an effective borrowing rate of within the calculation. Imputed interest is .
The lease agreement matures in October 2023. 

In October 2022, the Company acquired Bothof Brothers
which had an existing lease to a commercial building in Escondido, California. The building is owned by a related party. Upon acquisition,
the company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of and used an effective borrowing rate of within the calculation.
Imputed interest is . The lease agreement matures in December 2024. 

In January 2023, the Company s Solas subsidiary
entered into a one-year lease agreement to lease an office and medical suite in Coronado, California. The company recognized a right of
use asset and lease liability of and used an effective borrowing rate of . 

In March 2023, the Company acquired Dalrada Technology
Ltd. which had an existing lease to a commercial building in Livingston, Scotland. Upon acquisition, the company recognized a right-of-use
asset and lease liability of and used an effective borrowing rate of within the calculation. Imputed interest is . The
lease agreement matures in October 2027. 

In March 2023, Genefic entered into a five-year
lease agreement to lease a commercial building in San Diego, California. The Company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of
 and used an effective borrowing rate of within the calculation. Imputed interest is . The lease agreement matures
in March 2028. 

In March 2023, Dalrada Technology Spain S.L. entered
into a five-year lease agreement to lease a commercial building in Bergondo, Spain. The Company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability
of and used an effective borrowing rate of within the calculation. Imputed interest is . The lease agreement matures
in May 2028. 

In July, 2023, Bothof Brothers entered into a
3-year lease agreement to lease a warehouse in Escondido, California. The Company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of 
and used an effective borrowing rate of within the calculation. Imputed interest is . The lease agreement matures in February
2026. 

The following are the expected maturities of
lease liabilities for operating leases as of March 31, 2024, including the total amount of imputed interest related: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liability 

Other information related to operating leases as of March 31,
2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively, were as follows: 

Weighted average discount rate 

Legal Proceedings 

Genefic Products Dalrada Health ),
a subsidiary of Dalrada Financial Corporation, formed a joint venture with Vivera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Vivera ), whereby
Vivera is the minority member. As the managing member of the joint venture, Genefic Products, in December 2021, filed suit against Vivera
and Paul Edalat, Vivera s Chairman and CEO, for misappropriation of funds on behalf of the joint venture in the amount of 2,104,509.
In addition to filing a cross-complaint against Genefic Products, Vivera filed a separate complaint against Dalrada Financial Corporation,
Empower Genomics (a subsidiary of Dalrada Financial Corporation), Dalrada Financial Corporation s officers, and other unrelated
parties. The proceedings are being held at the Superior Court of the State of California, for the County of Orange Central Justice
Center. 

In September 2023, Kroger Specialty Pharmacy LLC Kroger filed lawsuits/preliminary injunctions against Genefic Specialty Pharmacy and two of its employees who were former
employees of Kroger. The lawsuits were filed in Tennessee and Alabama, respectively. The basis for the injunction arose from a non-compete
clause in the contract between the two employees and a company which was later acquired by Kroger. In April 2024, the Court in the Tennessee
case granted the preliminary injunction on the Tennessee employee. 

On August 23, 2024, the Company executed a revenue purchase agreement with
Quick Funding with a total advance of 170,000 and payback of 254,150. 

On September 20, 2024, the Company executed a revenue purchase agreement
with QFS Capital, LLC with a total advance of up to 1,573,781 and payback of 2,359,097. 

On October 11, 2024, Vince Monteparte resigned as a member of the Company s
Board of Directors. 

On October 12, 2024, Assurance Dimensions resigned as the Company s
auditor. 

On October 15, 2024, Heather McMahon resigned as member of the Company s
Board of Directors. 

On October 18, 2024, the Company engaged CM3 Advisory as its new auditor
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

On October 23, 2024, the Company nominated Roger Campos as a member of
the Company s Board of Directors. 

37 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Dalrada Financial Corporation for the Three and nine months ended March 31, 2024,
and 2023. 

You should read the following discussion and analysis
in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, included in this Report. Some of the information contained
in this Report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, as amended
(the Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This information
may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements
to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by the use
of the words may, will, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, 
 believe, intend or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words
or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that may be incorrect, and there can be no assurance
that the projections included in these forward-looking statements will come to pass. Our actual results could differ materially from those
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any
forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future. 

 Our net loss and limited working capital raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We incurred a net loss of 5,225,936 and 15,504,252 during the three and nine
months ended March 31, 2024, respectively. We will be required to raise substantial capital to fund our capital expenditures, working
capital, and other cash requirements. We will continue to rely on related parties and seek other financing to complete our business plans.
The successful outcome of future financing activities cannot be determined at this time and there are no assurances that, if achieved,
we will have sufficient funds to execute our intended business plan or generate positive operational results. 

In addition to our current deficit, we may incur
additional losses during the foreseeable future, until we are able to successfully execute our business plan. There is no assurance that
we will be able to obtain additional financing through private placements and/or public offerings necessary to support our working capital
requirements. To the extent that funds generated from any private placements and/or public offerings are insufficient, we will have to
raise additional working capital through other sources, such as bank loans and/or financings. No assurance can be given that additional
financing will be available, or if available, will be on acceptable terms. 

We are incurring increased costs as a result of
being a publicly traded company. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur
as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as new rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and
Exchange Commission, have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. These new rules and regulations have
increased our legal and financial compliance costs and have made some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, as a result
of becoming a public company, we have created additional board committees and have adopted policies regarding internal controls and disclosure
controls and procedures. In addition, we have incurred additional costs associated with our public company reporting requirements. As
a result of the new rules, it may become more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors
or as executive officers. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur as a result of being a public company
or the timing of such costs. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 

The following table sets forth the results of
our operations for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 

Genefic 

Dalrada Climate Technology 

Dalrada Precision Manufacturing 

Dalrada Technologies 

Corporate 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

6,315,478 

1,000,419 

303,406 

368,159 

7,987,462 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

391,323 

(1,218,637) 

(106,814) 

(47,191) 

(3,626,742) 

(4,608,061) 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 

Genefic 
 Dalrada Energy 
 Dalrada Precision Manufacturing 
 Dalrada Technologies 
 Corporate 
 Consolidated 
 
 Revenues 
 4,792,799 
 2,479,876 
 1,692,136 
 509,882 
 
 9,474,693 
 
 Income (Loss) from Operations 
 196,516 
 (1,020,232 
 (166,798 
 160,016 
 (2,808,722 
 (3,639,220 

38 

Revenues and Cost of Revenues 

Revenues 

Genefic: Revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2024,
was 6,315,478 compared with revenue of 4,792,799 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of 31.8 . The increase in
revenues was primarily attributable to the increased activity for Genefic Specialty Pharmacy (formerly Watson). 

Dalrada Climate Technology: 

 Revenues for the three months ended March 31,
2024, was 1,000,419 compared with revenue of 2,479,876 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 1,479,457, or 59.7 .
The decrease is due to the reduced activity in the Averett University project when comparing the three months ended March 31, 2024 and
2023 respectively. 

Dalrada Precision Manufacturing: 

 Revenues for the three months ended March 31,
2024, was 303,406 compared with revenue of 1,692,136 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 1,388,730, or 82.1 .
The decrease in revenue is primarily attributable to the decreased sales activity in the Precision Parts sector. 

Dalrada Technologies: 

 Revenues for the three months ended March 31,
2024, was 368,159 compared with revenue of 509,882 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 141,723, or 27.8 . The
decrease in revenue was a result of completing customer contracts while not entering into larger, new contracts. 

Costs and Expenses 

Cost of Revenues 

Genefic: 

 Cost of Revenues for the three months ended March
31, 2024, was 4,127,905 compared to cost of revenues of 2,596,376 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of 1,531,529,
or 59.0 . The increase in cost of revenues was primarily a result of an increase in lower margin pharmaceutical sales related to Genefic
Specialty Pharmacy. 

Dalrada Climate Technology: 

 Cost of Revenues for the three months ended March
31, 2024, was 1,105,979, compared to cost of revenues of 2,918,601 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 1,812,622,
or 62.1 . The decrease is due to the reduced activity in the Averett University project when comparing the three months ended March 31,
2024 and 2023 respectively. 

Dalrada Precision Manufacturing: 

 Cost of Revenues for the three months ended March
31, 2024, was 150,022 compared to cost of revenues of 936,415 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 786,415,
or 84.0 . The decrease in cost of revenue is due to the decreased activity for the Dalrada Precision Parts sales. 

Dalrada Technologies: 

 Cost of Revenues for the three months ended March
31, 2024, was 210,432 compared to cost of revenues of 161,266 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of 49,166 or
30.5 . The increase in cost of revenues was primarily a result of the higher cost of labor. 

39 

Operating Expenses 

Genefic: 

 Operating expenses for the three months ended
March 31, 2024, was 1,796,250 compared to operating expenses of 1,999,907 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of
 203,657 or 10.2 . The decrease in operating expenses was the result of the decrease in legal and professional fees incurred. 

Dalrada Climate Technology: 

 Operating expenses for the three months ended
March 31, 2024, was 1,113,077 compared to operating expenses of 581,507 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of
 531,570, or 91.4 . The increase in operating expenses was a result of the integration of the Bothof Brothers and Dalrada Technology Spain
to the segement during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 

Dalrada Precision Manufacturing: 

 Operating expenses for the three months ended
March 31, 2024 was 260,198 compared to operating expenses of 922,497 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 662,299
or 71.8 . The decrease in operating expenses was a result of decreased legal and professional fees incurred. 

Dalrada Technologies: 

 Operating expenses for the three months ended
March 31, 2024 was 204,918 compared to operating expenses of 188,600 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of 16,318,
or 8.7 . The increase in operating expenses was primarily attributable to the increase in miscellaneous operating expenses. 

Corporate: 

 Operating expenses for the three months ended
March 31, 2024 was 3,626,742 compared to operating expenses of 2,808,722 during the three months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of
 818,020, or 29.1 . During the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock compensation expense of 1,077,390
and 815,454, respectively, to consultants, employees, executives, and the Board of Directors, which is included in operating expenses. 

Other Income (Expense) 

 Other income (expense) consists of penalties and interest
within interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Interest expense was 347,317 and
 314,319 for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Net Income (Loss) 

 Net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2024
was 5,225,936 compared to net loss of 4,045,935 for the three months ended March 31, 2023. 

Nine Months Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 

The following table sets forth the results of
our operations for the nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023: 

Nine Months Ended March 31, 2024 

Genefic 

Dalrada Climate Technology 

Dalrada Precision Manufacturing 

Dalrada Technologies 

Corporate 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

12,549,420 

3,023,814 

2,438,030 

1,072,040 

19,083,304 

Income (Loss) from Operations 

(496,960) 

(3,597,922) 

(409,239) 

(153,521) 

(9,247,889) 

(13,905,531) 

Nine Months Ended March 31, 2023 

Genefic 
 Dalrada Energy 
 Dalrada Precision Manufacturing 
 Dalrada Technologies 
 Corporate 
 Consolidated 
 
 Revenues 
 9,220,417 
 4,232,134 
 3,866,848 
 1,666,181 
 
 18,985,580 
 
 Income (Loss) from Operations 
 (764,615 
 (593,057 
 (1,790,160 
 95,654 
 (8,325,309 
 (11,377,487 

40 

Revenues and Cost of Revenues 

Revenues 

Genefic: Revenues for the nine months ended March 31, 2024,
was 12,549,420 compared with revenue of 9,220,417 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of 3,329,003, or 36.1 .
The increase in revenues was primarily attributable to the increase in activity for Genefic Specialty Pharmacy. 

Dalrada Climate Technology: 

 Revenues for the nine months ended March 31, 2024,
was 3,023,814 compared with revenue of 4,232,134 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 1,208,320, or 28.6 . The
decrease in revenue was primarily attributable to the reduction in activity at Dalrada Energy Services. 

Dalrada Precision Manufacturing: 

 Revenues for the nine months ended March 31, 2024,
was 2,438,030 compared with revenue of 3,866,848 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 1,428,818, or 37.0 . The
decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to the reduction in activity for Dalrada Precision Parts. . 

Dalrada Technologies: 

 Revenues for the nine months ended March 31, 2024,
was 1,072,040 compared with revenue of 1,666,181 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 594,141, or 35.7 . The
decrease in revenue was a result of completing customer contracts while not entering into larger, new contracts. 

Costs and Expenses 

Cost of Revenues 

Genefic: 

 Cost of Revenues for the nine months ended March
31, 2024, was 8,221,867 compared to cost of revenues of 4,859,485 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of 3,362,382,
or 69.2 . The increase in cost of revenues was primarily a result of an increase in lower margin pharmaceutical sales related to Genefic
Specialty Pharmacy. 

Dalrada Climate Technology: 

 Cost of Revenues for the nine months ended March
31, 2024, was 3,351,694, compared to cost of revenues of 3,633,781 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 282,087,
or 7.8 . The decrease in cost of revenues was primarily a result of the reduction in activity for Dalrada Energy Services. 

Dalrada Precision Manufacturing: 

 Cost of Revenues for the nine months ended March
31, 2024, was 1,477,562 compared to cost of revenues of 2,441,904 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 964,342,
or 39.5 . The decrease in cost of revenue is due to decrease activity for Dalrada Precision Parts. 

Dalrada Technologies: 

 Cost of Revenues for the nine months ended March
31, 2024, was 666,439 compared to cost of revenues of 988,970 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 322,531 or
32.6 . The decrease in cost of revenues was primarily a result of the decrease in sales volume for the period. 

41 

Operating Expenses 

Genefic: 

 Operating expenses for the nine months ended March
31, 2024, was 4,824,513 compared to operating expenses of 5,125,547 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 301,034,
or 5.9 . The decrease in operating expenses was the result of a decrease in legal and professional fees incurred. 

Dalrada Climate Technology: 

 Operating expenses for the nine months ended March
31, 2024, was 3,270,042 compared to operating expenses of 1,191,410 during the nine months ended Marchr 31, 2023, an increase of 2,078,632,
or 174.5 . The increase in operating expenses was a result an increase in salaries and wages due to expansions to Spain and the continued
growth of Bothof Brothers. 

Dalrada Precision Manufacturing: 

 Operating expenses for the nine months ended March
31, 2024 was 1,369,707 compared to operating expenses of 3,215,104 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 1,845,397,
or 57.4 . The decrease in operating expenses was a result of decreased legal and professional fees incurred. 

Dalrada Technologies: 

 Operating expenses for the nine months ended March
31, 2024 was 559,122 compared to operating expenses of 581,557 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 22,435, or
3.9 . The decrease in operating expenses was primarily attributable to the decrease in various miscellaneous expenses. 

Corporate: 

 Operating expenses for the nine months ended March
31, 2024 was 9,247,889 compared to operating expenses of 8,325,309 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023, an increase of 922,580,
or 11.1 . During the nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded stock compensation expense of 3,205,859 and 2,184,692,
respectively, to consultants, employees, executives, and the Board of Directors, which is included in operating expenses. 

Other Income (Expense) 

 Other income (expense) consists of penalties and interest
within interest expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Interest expense was 674,470 and
 2,207,049 for the nine months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Net Income (Loss) 

Net loss for the nine months ended March 31, 2024
was 15,504,252 compared to net loss of 11,698,139 for the nine months ended March 31, 2023. 

42 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company continues to incur significant losses
and raises substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We anticipate needing additional liquidity
during the next twelve months to fund operations, expand our subsidiaries, expand the growth of the COVID-19 testing segment, continue
the commercialization of our Likido heating cooling units and growing the Dalrada Energy Services subsidiary. Management is planning
to support operations by raising capital, and by accelerating sales marketing efforts of high-margin heating cooling units,
precision parts, Dalrada Energy Services, DepTec s deposition systems and COVID-19 testing. The continuation of the Company as a
going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its management, its ability to obtain the necessary debt or equity
financing and generate profitable operations from the Company s planned future operations. We will continue to rely on equity sales
of our common shares in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to existing
stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing
to fund planned acquisitions and activities and there are no plans to induce conversion of existing debt. There are no assurances that
our plans will be successful. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash from
operations and cash on hand from related party loans. Our primary requirements for liquidity are to fund our working capital needs, debt
service, operating lease obligations, capital expenditures and general corporate needs. 

As of March 31, 2024, we maintained a cash and cash
equivalents balance of 533,595 with a working capital of 3,009,666 compared with a cash and cash equivalents balance of 812,806 with
a working capital deficit of 202,420 as of June 30, 2023. 

Working Capital 

 As of March 31, 2024, the Company had current assets
of 13,564,828 and current liabilities 10,555,162 compared with current assets of 9,817,045 and current liabilities of 10,019,465 on
June 30, 2023. The decrease in the working capital was primarily a result of increased accounts payable to fund payroll and pay outstanding
vendors. 

Cash Flows 

Nine Months Ended 

March 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (5,660,542 
 (10,074,709 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (272,783 
 (878,351 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 5,654,096 
 11,440,418 
 
 Net change in cash during the period, before effects of foreign currency 
 (279,229 
 487,358 

43 

Cash flow from Operating Activities 

During the nine months ended March 31, 2024, the
Company used 5,660,542 of cash for operating activities compared to 10,074,709 used during the nine months ended March 31, 2023. The
primary decrease in the use of cash for operating activities was a result of the reduction in accounts receivable related to the COVID-19
business when compared to the prior year. 

Cash flow from Investing Activities 

During the nine months ended March 31, 2024, the
Company used 272,783 of cash for investing activities compared to 878,351 used during the nine months ended March 31, 2023. The decrease
in the use of cash for investing activities was primarily due to the purchase of equipment used primarily for the Dalrada Precision Manufacturing
segment in the prior year. 

Cash flow from Financing Activities 

During the nine months ended March 31, 2024, the
Company received 5,654,096 in cash from financing activities compared to 11,440,418 during the nine months ended March 31, 2023. The
decrease was primarily due to the decrease in proceeds from related party notes payable. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources, and related party transactions. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our financial statements and accompanying notes
have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. 

 We regularly evaluate the accounting policies and
estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. A complete summary of these policies is included in Note 1 Organization
and Nature of Operations of the notes to our financial statements. In general, management's estimates are based on historical experience,
on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and
circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. 

44 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes for the reporting period. Significant areas requiring the
use of management estimates relate to the valuation of its mineral leases and claims and our ability to obtain final government permission
to complete the project. As of March 31, 2024 there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from
those previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company records stock-based compensation in
accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , using the fair value method. All transactions in which goods
or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration
received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. Equity instruments issued to employees
and the cost of the services received as consideration are measured and recognized based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We have reviewed all recently issued, but not
yet effective, accounting pronouncements and we do not believe any of these pronouncements will have a material impact on the Company. 

Contractual Obligations 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

45 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

(a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.
Our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our "disclosure controls and procedures"
(as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q (the "Evaluation Date"), concluded that as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission
rules and forms. 

(b) Changes in internal control over financial
reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that materially
affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal
Controls 

Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving an entity's disclosure objectives. The likelihood
of achieving such objectives is affected by limitations inherent in disclosure controls and procedures. These include the fact that human
judgment in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns in internal control can occur because of human failures such as simple errors
or mistakes or intentional circumvention of the established process. 

Management's Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule
13a-15(f). Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("2013
COSO Framework"). 

Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or
interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As of March 31, 2024, we continue to have
material weaknesses in the Company s control environment. Regarding the overall financial reporting structure of the Company, there
is not currently a comprehensive and formalized financial reporting policies and procedures manual in place. The following sets forth
internal control weakness identified: 

- 
 preparing adequate and complete schedules across the various consolidated entities including roll forwards, revenue recognition, and allowance estimates 

Management s remediation plan will focus on
standardizing our reconciliation process including roll forwards and revenue recognition procedures. We look to enhance the continued
improvement of our policies, procedures, and internal controls over our control environment and risk assessment. 

46 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

Dalrada Health Products Dalarada Health ),
formed a joint venture with Vivera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Vivera ), whereby Vivera is the minority member. As the managing
member of the joint venture, Dalrada Health Products, in December 2021, filed suit against Vivera and Paul Edalat, Vivera s Chairman
and CEO, for misappropriation of funds on behalf of the joint venture in the amount of 2,104,509. In addition to filing a cross-complaint
against Dalrada Health Products, Vivera filed a separate complaint against Dalrada Financial Corporation, Empower Genomics (a subsidiary
of Dalrada Financial Corporation), Dalrada Financial Corporation s officers, and other unrelated parties. The proceedings are being
held at the Superior Court of the State of California, for the County of Orange Central Justice Center. In March 2023, the presiding
judge ordered the case stayed until a valuation could be completed for Pala Diagnostics Pala the company formed as a result
of the joint venture) in order to allow for a dissolution of the partnership as requested by both parties. Any remaining issues found
to be unresolved through the dissolution process will be addressed once the stay is lifted after dissolution. 

On January 10, 2023, a resolution was concluded
in the dispute between Likido Ltd. and MAPtech PACKAGING LIMITED MAPtech whereby Likido shall pay sum of 429,987 in damages,
 42,374 in legal costs, and 19,754 as reimbursement for arbitration fees and expenses paid on account by MAPtech. Likido
Ltd. shall pay interest at a rate of 8 per annum simple on all sums due pursuant to award, beginning 30 days from the date of the award. 

In September 2023, Kroger Specialty Pharmacy LLC Kroger filed lawsuits/preliminary injunctions against Genefic Specialty Pharmacy and two of its employees who were former
employees of Kroger. The lawsuits were filed in Tennessee and Alabama, respectively. The basis for the injunction arose from a non-compete
clause in the contract between the two employees and a company which was later acquired by Kroger. In April 2024, the Court in the Tennessee
case granted the preliminary injunction on the Tennessee employee. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting entities 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
Securities. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None noted. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable to our Company. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

During the quarter ended March 31, 2024, no
director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

47 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Exchange Act pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Exchange Act pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dalrada Financial Corporation 

By: /s/ Brian Bonar 
 
 Date: December 27, 2024 
 Brian Bonar 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act
this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Brian Bonar 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 December 27, 2024 
 
 Brian Bonar 
 and Director 

49 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dalrada_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brian Bonar, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of Dalrada Financial Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its condensed consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

/s/ Brian Bonar 

Brian Bonar 
 Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dalrada_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Kyle McCollum, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A of Dalrada Financial Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedure to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its condensed consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

/s/ Kyle McCollum 

Kyle McCollum 
 Chief Financial Officerr 
 (Principal Financial Officer 
 and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 dalrada_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brian Bonar, hereby certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Dalrada Financial Corporation for the period ended March 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Dalrada Financial Corporation 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

/s/ Brian Bonar 

Brian Bonar 

Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 dalrada_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Kyle McCollum, hereby certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Dalrada Financial Corporation for the period ended March 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Dalrada Financial Corporation 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

/s/ Kyle McCollum 

Kyle McCollum 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dfco-20240331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dfco-20240331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dfco-20240331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dfco-20240331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

