<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241010_10-Q_edgar_data_1930021_0001213900-24-086732.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4289561</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72129</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1041202</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>842989</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1100344</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1148046</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-086732.hdr.sgml : 20241010
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241010083533
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-086732
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241010
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241010

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			New Horizon Aircraft Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001930021
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT [3721]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41607
		FILM NUMBER:		241363879

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3187 HIGHWAY 35
		CITY:			LINDSAY
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			K9V 4R1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		613-866-1935

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3187 HIGHWAY 35
		CITY:			LINDSAY
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			K9V 4R1

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pono Capital Three, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220519

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-086732.txt : 20241010

10-Q
 1
 ea0214441-10q_newhorizon.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (IRS Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Postal Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No Yes 

As of October 10, 2024, there were 
of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 26 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, and Use of Proceeds 
 28 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 28 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 29 

SIGNATURES 
 30 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

NEW HORIZON AIRCRAFT LTD. 

CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED
INTERIM BALANCE SHEETS 

AS AT AUGUST 31, 2024 AND MAY 31, 2024 

EXPRESSED
IN CANADIAN DOLLAR 000 S, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS; UNAUDITED 

August 31, 2024 
 May 31, 2024 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivables 

Total current assets 

Operating lease assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Forward Purchase Agreement 

Warrant liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit): 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2024) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements. 

1 

NEW
HORIZON AIRCRAFT LTD. 

CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

EXPRESSED
IN CANADIAN DOLLAR 000 S, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS; UNAUDITED 

Three months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Operating expenses 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expenses (income) 

Interest expenses (income), net 

Warrant expense (income) 
 
 -

Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement 
 
 -

Total other expenses 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 -
 
 -

Net Loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average Common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Common shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements. 

2 

NEW HORIZON AIRCRAFT LTD. 

CONDENSED INTERIM CONDOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN 
 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

EXPRESSED IN CANADIAN DOLLAR 000 S, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS; UNAUDITED 

Class
 A 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Class
 B 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Non-Voting 
 Common Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 
 Total 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 at May 31, 2024 

Stock-based
 Compensation 

Net
 Loss 

Incentive
 Shares Issued 

Class
 A Shares Issued 

Warrant
 Exercise 

Pre-Funded
 Warrants 

Warrant
 Issuance 

Balance
 at August 31, 2024 

Class
 A 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Class
 B 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Non-Voting 
 Common Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 
 Total 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance
 at May 31, 2023 

Stock-based
 Compensation 

Net
 Loss 

Balance
 at August 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements. 

3 

NEW HORIZON AIRCRAFT LTD. 

CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

EXPRESSED IN CANADIAN DOLLAR 000 UNAUDITED 

Three months ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash lease expense 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash interest 

Registered Share offering costs 

Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement 

Change in Warrant liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating leases 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows used in Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Finance lease payments 

Proceeds from issuance of Convertible debentures 

Proceeds from Registered Securities Offering 

Proceeds from warrants exercised 

Ordinary Share offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of period 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Taxes paid 

Interest paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements. 

4 

NEW HORIZON AIRCRAFT
LTD. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(UNAUDITED) 

, under
the name Pono Capital Three, Inc. Pono ), as a Delaware corporation, subsequently redomiciled in the Cayman Islands on October
14, 2022, and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization,
or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

The Company s objective is to significantly
advance the benefits of sustainable air mobility. In connection with this objective, we have designed and developed a cost-effective and
energy efficient hybrid-electric vertical takeoff and landing eVTOL prototype aircraft for use in future regional air
mobility RAM networks. 

Business Combination 

On February 14, 2023, we consummated an initial
public offering IPO ). On January 12, 2024 (the Closing date ), we consummated a merger (the Merger with Pono Three Merger Acquisitions Corp., a British Columbia company Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of Pono,
with and into Robinson Aircraft Ltd. Robinson pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger, dated as of August 15, 2023,
(as amended by a Business Combination Agreement Waiver, dated as of December 27, 2023) by and among Pono, Merger Sub, Horizon, and Robinson. 

The Merger and other transactions contemplated
thereby (collectively, the Business Combination closed on January 12, 2024, when, pursuant to the Business Combination
Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Robinson, surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Pono. Pono changed its name
to New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. and the business of Robinson became the business of New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. 

 The unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial
statements reflect (i) the historical operating results of Robinson prior to the Business Combination Legacy Horizon 
(ii) the combined results of Pono and Legacy Horizon following the closing of the Business Combination; (iii) the assets and liabilities
of Legacy Horizon at their historical cost; and (iv) the Company s equity structure for all periods presented. 

5 

million. Horizon is a pre-revenue organization
in a research and development and flight-testing phase of operations. While management estimates that the net cash proceeds from a fiscal
2025 Q1 sale of securities will be sufficient to fund our current operating plan for at least the next 12 months from the date these unaudited
condensed interim consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, there is substantial doubt around the Company s
ability to meet the going concern assumption beyond that period without raising additional capital. 

There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in achieving our business plans, that our current capital will be sufficient to support our ongoing operations, or that any additional
financing will be available in a timely manner or on acceptable terms, if at all. If events or circumstances occur such that we do not
meet our business plans, we may be required to raise additional capital, alter, or scale back our aircraft design, development, and certification
programs, or be unable to fund capital expenditures. Any such events would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results
of operations, cash flows, and ability to achieve our intended business plans. 

6 

Class A ordinary shares for the previously issued
Pono ordinary shares and Private Investment in Public Equity PIPE Shares that were outstanding at the Closing Date. The
Company raised in proceeds, net of redemptions of Pono public stockholders of million and reimbursements for Pono s expenses
of million, and million of cash in connection with the PIPE Financing. million of transaction costs, satisfied by a combination of cash and common stock, consisting of banking, legal, and other
professional fees, and assumed a million derivative liability related to a Forward Purchase Agreement, million warrant liability,
and million of accounts payable from Pono. 

Warrant Liability 

Accounts Payable 

Net Liabilities Assumed 

. 

7 

8 

9 

USD per warrant as of August 31, 2024.

Leasehold Improvements 

Tools and Equipment 

Website Development 

Vehicles 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Total Property and Equipment, net 

10 

for the three months ended August 31, 2024 (August 31, 2023 - has been recorded in General and Administrative expenses
in the unaudited condensed interim consolidated statements of operations. 

 Prepaid Expenses 

Prepaid rent 

Prepaid software 

Prepaid capital market services 

Total Prepaid expenses 

Accrued Expenses 

Accrued employee costs 

Other accrued expenses 

Total Accrued expenses 

Leases 

The Company has previously entered into multiple
lease agreements for the use of certain property and equipment under operating and finance leases. Property leases include hangars, storage,
offices, and other space. 

The Company records the initial right-to-use asset
and lease liability at the present value of lease payments scheduled during the lease term. Unless the rate implicit in the lease is readily
determinable, the Company discounts the lease payments using an estimated incremental borrowing rate at the time of lease commencement.
The Company estimates the incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date, including the
rate the Company could borrow for a similar amount, over a similar lease term with similar collateral. The Company s weighted-average
discount rate for operating and finance leases during all periods presented was . 

Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over
the lease term. The weighted-average remaining lease term is years as of August 31, 2024. There are no finance leases remaining as of
August 31, 2024. 

11 

Short-term lease cost 

Total Lease cost 

Weighted-average discount rate 

fiscal 2026 

fiscal 2027 

Total future lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of future lease payments 

per annum. 

On or before the date of the repayment in full
of the Notes, in the event the Company issued shares of its equity securities to investors (the Investors in gross proceeds
of at least million (a Qualified Financing ), the outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest balance of the Notes
would convert into common shares at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) of the per share price paid by the Investors; and
(ii) a price equal to million divided by the aggregate number of outstanding common shares of the Company immediately prior to the
closing of the Qualified Financing on the same terms and conditions as provided to the Investors. 

During the year ended May 31, 2023, the Company
issued Convertible Promissory Notes in the amount of (2022 - ). 

During the year ended May 31, 2024, the Company
issued an additional Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of , with the same terms as the previously issued convertible promissory
notes. 

12 

Issuance of additional Convertible Promissory Notes 

Accrued interest 

Convertible Promissory Notes May 31, 2023 

Issuance of additional Convertible Promissory Notes 

Accrued interest 

Conversion of Promissory Notes 

Convertible Promissory Notes May 31, 2024 
 -

There was of interest recorded in the quarter
ended August 31, 2023. 

In October 2023, the Company completed a Qualified
Financing and based on the terms of the Notes all Convertible Promissory Notes were converted into common shares at of the Company. 

Derivative Liability - Warrants 

Total 

13 

Derivative Liability - Warrants 

Total 

Stock Price (USD) 

Volatility 

Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Stock Price (USD) 

Volatility 

Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement 

Additional Warrant Liabilities incurred 

Change in fair value of Warrant Liabilities 

Fair value Derivative Liability - August 31, 2024 

The estimated fair value of the Forward Purchase
Agreement was measured at fair value using a simulation model, which was determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a simulation are
assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates
the volatility of its Class A ordinary shares based on implied volatility from the Company s traded Class A ordinary shares and
from historical volatility of select peer company s shares that matches the expected remaining life of the Forward Purchase Agreement.
The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected
remaining life of the Class A ordinary shares. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual
term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at zero. Any changes in these assumptions
could change the valuation significantly. 

The Company will not have any monetary obligations
in connection with the Forward Purchase Agreement. 

vote. 

On August 21, 2024, the Company completed a registered
securities offering RSO by issuing Class A ordinary shares, Pre-Funded Warrants PFW s ),
and warrants. 

Gross Proceeds - PFW s 

Gross Proceeds - Warrant Exercises 

Direct costs 

Net Proceeds 

14 

Class A ordinary share. 

Warrant
holders exercised warrants in exchange for Class A ordinary shares for proceeds of in the quarter ended August 31,
2024. 

As of August 31, 2024, there were warrants outstanding of 
at an exercise price of USD, at an exercise price of USD, and PFW s at a nominal exercise price
to purchase an equivalent number of Class A ordinary shares. 

-
 Issued August 21, 2024 Exercised Expired -
 -
 -
 -
 Outstanding warrants August 31, 2024 

Terms and related estimates connected with the RSO have been outlined
in note 6. The Company has retroactively adjusted the number of shares issued and outstanding prior to January 12, 2024, to give effect
to the Exchange Ratio. 

stock options (August 31, 2023 nil ). 

Risk-free interest rate Term (years) Volatility Forfeiture rate Dividend yield 

Exercised -
 -
 - - Expired -
 -
 - - Issued July 2, 2024 Outstanding stock options August 31, 2024 Exercisable as of August 31, 2024 

During the quarter ended August 31, 2024, the
Company recorded stock-based compensation expenses of (August 31, 2023 - ), including relating to stock options and relating
to shares issued for services in connection with the Company s Incentive Plan. 

There were no changes to the terms and conditions
of the stock options in connection with the Business Combination. 

15 

Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

, of which was issued to the Company during the year ended May 31, 2023, and 
was received during the year ended May 31, 2024. 

In
the quarter ended August 31, 2024, the Company received approval for an additional project with funding up to a maximum of . 

Air
Force Grant 

In January 2022, the Company entered into a Market Research Investment
Agreement (the Agreement with Collaboration.Ai, a company engaged with the United States Operations Command and the U.S.
Air Force to administer selection and awards for the AFWERX Challenge program to foster innovation within the services. In connection
with the Agreement, the Company will provide research, development, design, manufacturing, services, support, testing, integration, and
equipment in aid of delivery of market research in accordance with one or more statements of work or market research plans. During the
year ending May 31, 2023, a fixed fee fund of was approved. As of August 31, 2024, the Company had received of this amount,
which was received in prior periods. 

Scientific
Research and Experimental Development 

In
July 2023, in connection with the year ended May 31, 2023, the Company filed an application for Scientific Research and Experimental
Development SRED credits with the Canadian federal government in the amount of . This amount was received in December
2023. 

In
connection with the year ended May 31, 2024, the Company filed an application for SRED credits in the amount of . This amount was
received in August 2024. 

16 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. References to our
 management or our management team refer to our officers and directors. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed interim
consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in
the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

All
figures noted are in thousands of Canadian dollars unless noted otherwise. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical
fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans
and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly Report, words such as
 expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek 
and variations and similar words and expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements.
Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available
to the Company s management. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the
events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section
of the Company s Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on August 15, 2024. The
Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly
required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. (the Company ,
 Horizon , we, us or our ), a British Columbia corporation, with our headquarters
located in Lindsay, Ontario, is an aerospace company. Horizon is a former blank check company incorporated on March 11, 2022, under the
name Pono Capital Three, Inc., Pono as a Delaware corporation, subsequently redomiciled in the Cayman Islands on October
14, 2022, and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization,
or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

17 

Business
Combination 

On February 14, 2023, we consummated an initial
public offering IPO ). On January 12, 2024 (the Closing date ), we consummated a merger (the Merger with Pono Three Merger Acquisitions Corp., a British Columbia company Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of Pono,
with and into Robinson Aircraft Ltd. Robinson pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger, dated as of August 15, 2023
(as amended by a Business Combination Agreement Waiver, dated as of December 27, 2023), by and among Pono, Merger Sub, Horizon, and Robinson. 

The
Merger and other transactions contemplated thereby (collectively, the Business Combination closed on January 12, 2024,
when, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into Robinson, surviving the Merger as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Pono. Pono changed its name to New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. and the business of Robinson became the business
of New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. 

The
financial information included in this report reflect (i) the historical operating results of Robinson prior to the Business Combination Legacy Horizon (ii) the combined results of Pono and Legacy Horizon following the closing of the Business Combination;
(iii) the assets and liabilities of Legacy Horizon at their historical cost; and (iv) the Company s equity structure for all periods
presented. 

Organization
and Nature of Business 

The
Company s objective is to significantly advance the benefits of sustainable air mobility. In connection with this objective, we
have designed and developed a cost effective and energy efficient hybrid-electric vertical takeoff and landing eVTOL prototype aircraft for use in future regional air mobility RAM networks. 

Robinson was incorporated in 2013. Initially,
the company was focused on development of a hybrid electric amphibious aircraft, and in 2018 the Company pivoted to developing an innovative
eVTOL concept that is identified as the Cavorite X7. The Company has built several small-scale prototypes and now has a 50 -scale aircraft
that is undergoing active flight testing. 

Horizon
intends to sell these aircraft to third parties, air operators, lessors, individual consumers, and NATO military customers. The Company
plans to manufacture its aircraft and license its patented fan-in-wing technology and other core innovations to other Original Equipment
Manufacturers OEM s ). Manufacturing will be accomplished with a heavy reliance on experienced aircraft manufacturing
partners and supply chain vendors. Horizon believes this highly focused business model will provide the most efficient use of capital
to produce an aircraft that has a variety of applications. 

18 

Key
Factors Affecting Operating Results 

See
the section entitled Risk Factors in the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 15, 2024, for a
further discussion of these considerations. 

Development
of the Regional Air Mobility Market 

The
Company s revenue will be directly tied to the continued development of long-distance aerial transportation and related technologies.
While the Company believes the market for Regional Air Mobility RAM will be large, it remains undeveloped and there is
no guarantee of future demand. Horizon anticipates commercialization of its aircraft beginning in 2027, and its business will require
significant investment leading up to launching services, including, but not limited to, final engineering designs, prototyping and flight
testing, manufacturing, software development, certification, pilot training and commercialization. 

Horizon believes one of the primary drivers for
adoption of its aircraft is the value proposition enabled by its aircraft that can take-off and land similar to a helicopter, fly approximately
twice as fast, and operate with significantly lower direct operating costs. Additional factors impacting adoption of eVTOL technology
include but are not limited to: perceptions about eVTOL quality, safety, performance and cost; perceptions about the environmental impact
of hybrid-electric machines; volatility in the cost of oil and gasoline; availability of competing forms of transportation, such as ground
or unmanned drone services; consumers perception about the convenience and cost of transportation using eVTOL relative to ground-based
alternatives; and increases in fuel efficiency, autonomy, or electrification of vehicles. In addition, macroeconomic factors could impact
demand for RAM services, particularly if customer pricing is at a premium to ground-based transportation. Horizon anticipates
initial aircraft sales to be used for medevac services, firefighting services, disaster relief services, remote medical services, military
operations, followed by sales to air operators and lessors for air cargo, business travel and air-taxi services. If the market for RAM
does not develop as expected, this would significantly impact the Company s ability to generate revenue or grow its business. 

Competition 

The
Company believes that the primary sources of competition for its aircraft sales are traditional helicopters, ground-based mobility solutions,
and other eVTOL developers. While it expects to produce a versatile aircraft that can be useful in a variety of air mobility missions,
the Company expects this industry to be dynamic and increasingly competitive. It is possible that its competitors could gain significant
market share. Horizon may not fully realize the sales it anticipates, and it may not receive any competitive advantage from its design
or may be overcome by other competitors. If new companies or existing aerospace companies produce competing aircraft in the markets in
which Horizon intends to service and obtain large-scale capital investment, it may face increased competition. Horizon may receive an
advantage from well-funded competitors that are paying to create certification programs, raise awareness of eVTOL advantages and advocating
to kickstart government funding programs. 

Government
Certification 

To
be utilized in for-profit commercial operations, Horizon s Cavorite X7 aircraft will require Type Certification. Horizon has had
initial conversations with applicable regulators Transport Canada Civil Aviation TCCA in Canada and the Federal Aviation
Association FAA in the United States of America. As a Canadian company, TCCA will initially lead certification efforts.
Horizon expects the FAA to participate during this process which will likely reduce the amount of time required to achieve FAA certification. 

The
Company maintains a partnership with Cert Centre Canada 3C for the purpose of collaborating on aspects of the continued
development and path to certification of Horizon s eVTOL program. 3C is leveraging their deep experience with TCCA and FAA certification
programs to develop a certification basis for the certification of Horizon s hybrid-electric eVTOL aircraft. 

19 

Typically,
the certification of a new aircraft design by TCCA or the FAA is a long and complex process, often spanning more than five years and
costing hundreds of millions of dollars. The Company has never undergone such a process, and there is no guarantee that its Cavorite
X7 design will eventually achieve certification despite its best efforts. The Company will need to obtain authorizations and certifications
related to the production of its aircraft. While it anticipates being able to meet the requirements of such authorizations and certifications,
the Company may be unable to obtain such authorizations and certifications, or to do so on the timeline it projects. Should the Company
fail to obtain any of the required authorizations or certifications, or do so in a timely manner, or any of these authorizations or certifications
are modified, suspended or revoked after it obtains them, the Company may be unable to fulfill sales of its commercial aircraft or do
so on the timelines it projects, which would have adverse effects on its business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Dual
Use Business Model 

Horizon s
business model to serve as a dual use aircraft both civilian and military applications. Present projections indicate that sales volume
of this dual use aircraft will result in a viable business model over the long-term as production volumes scale and unit economics improve
to support sufficient market adoption. The advantage of military application of Horizon s aircraft in addition to sales volumes
leads to a reduction in the risk of certification as aircraft used for military purposes do not need to achieve TCCA, FAA, or similar
certification approval. As with any new industry and aerospace product, numerous risks and uncertainties exist. The Company s financial
results are dependent on delivering aircraft on-time and at a cost that supports returns at prices that support sufficient sales to customers
who are willing to purchase based on value arising from time and versatility from utilizing regional eVTOL aircraft. Horizon s
civilian sector financial results are dependent on achieving certification on its expected timeline. Our aircraft include numerous parts
and manufacturing processes unique to eVTOL aircraft, in general, and its product design, in particular. Best efforts have been made
to estimate costs in the Company s planning projections; however, the variable cost associated with assembling its aircraft at
scale remains uncertain at this stage of development. 

Going
Concern and Liquidity 

The accompanying unaudited condensed interim consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ),
which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in
the normal course of business. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of the Company s
development plans. We have devoted many resources to the design and development of our eVTOL prototype. Funding of these activities has
primarily been through the net proceeds received from the issuance of related and third-party debt and the sale of Class A ordinary shares
to related and third parties. 

Through August 31, 2024, we have incurred cumulative losses from operations,
negative cash flows from operating activities, and have an accumulated deficit of 17.6 million. Horizon is a pre-revenue organization
in a research and development and flight-testing phase of operations. While management expects that the proceeds from the fiscal 2025
Q1 sale of securities will be sufficient to fund our current operating plan for at least the next 12 months from the date the unaudited
condensed interim consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, there is substantial doubt around the Company s
ability to meet the going concern assumption beyond that period without raising additional capital. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in achieving our business plans, that our current capital will be sufficient to support
our ongoing operations, or that any additional financing will be available in a timely manner or on acceptable terms, if at all. If events
or circumstances occur such that we do not meet our business plans, we may be required to raise additional capital, alter, or scale back
our aircraft design, development, and certification programs, or be unable to fund capital expenditures. Any such events would have a
material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, and ability to achieve our intended business plans. 

20 

Components
of Results of Operations 

Revenue 

The
Company is working to design, develop, certify, and manufacture our eVTOL aircraft and has not yet generated revenues in any of the periods
presented. We do not expect to begin generating significant revenues until we are able to complete the design, development, and certification,
and manufacture our eVTOL aircraft. 

Operating
Expenses 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of personnel expenses, including salaries, benefits, costs of consulting, equipment, engineering,
data analysis, and materials. 

We
expect our research and development expenses to increase as we increase staffing to support aircraft engineering and software development,
build aircraft, and continue to explore and develop our eVTOL aircraft and technologies. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel expenses, including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation,
related to executive management, finance, legal, and human resource functions. Other costs include business development, investor relations,
contractor and professional services fees, audit and compliance expenses, insurance costs and general corporate expenses, including depreciation,
rent, information technology costs and utilities. 

We expect our selling, general and administrative
expenses to increase as we hire additional personnel and consultants to support our operations and comply with applicable regulations,
including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act SOX and other SEC rules and regulations. 

Other
Income 

Other
income consists of grants and subsidies received for developmental work and foreign exchange gains and losses. 

Interest
Expense, net 

Interest
expense is related to the Company s leases. Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on the Company s cash. 

Change
in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement 

Change
in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement consists of fluctuations in the deemed value of an agreement between the Company and a shareholder
facilitating future purchases of the Company s stock based on a simulation model. The Company will not have any monetary obligations
in connection with the Forward Purchase Agreement. 

Warrant
expense (income) 

Changes in warrant expense and warrant income
consist of fluctuations in the fair value of warrants outstanding as of the end of each reporting period. 

21 

Results
of Operations 

This data should be read in conjunction with Horizon s unaudited
condensed interim consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. These results of operations are not necessarily indicative
of the future results of operations that may be expected for any future period. 

Comparison
of the Three Months Ended August 31, 2024 to the Three Months Ended August 31, 2023 

Meaningful
variances in the Company s components of operations are explained below. The following table sets forth Horizon s statements
of operations data for the quarters ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 (000 s). 

Quarter-Ended 

Operating expenses 
 August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 Variance ) 
 
 Research and development 
 297 
 145 
 (152 
 
 General and administrative 
 2,408 
 235 
 (2,173 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 2,705 
 380 
 (2,325 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (2,705 
 (380 
 2,325 
 
 Other expenses (income) 
 29 
 (2 
 (31 
 
 Interest expense (income), net 
 (11 
 38 
 49 
 
 Warrant expense (income) 
 5 
 
 (5 
 
 Change in fair value of Forward Purchase Agreement 
 183 
 
 (183 
 
 Net Loss 
 (2,911 
 (416 
 2,495 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating expenses increased by 2,325, from 380 for the quarter ended
August 31, 2023, to 2,705 for the quarter ended August 31, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by professional fees, additional staff
hired to support development activities, and other administrative costs connected with the Company s growth activities. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research and development expenses increased by 152, from 145 during
the quarter ended August 31, 2023, to 297 during the quarter ended August 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to additional
labour related to flight testing, engineering work, flight software, prototype manufacturing, and data analysis. 

General and Administrative 

General and Administrative costs increased by 2,173, from 235 during
the quarter ended August 31, 2023, to 2,408 during the quarter ended August 31, 2024. The increase was related to legal, accounting,
travel, investor relations, marketing, and branding expenses related to the Company s growth efforts. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following tables set forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (000 s): 

Quarter-Ended 

Net cash provided by (used in) 
 August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 Variance ) 
 
 Operating activities 
 (1,475 
 (405 
 (1,070 
 
 Investing activities 
 
 (16 
 16 
 
 Financing activities 
 3,481 
 297 
 3,184 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 2,006 
 (124 
 2,130 

22 

Net
Cash used in Operating Activities 

The
Company s cash flows used in operating activities have been primarily comprised of payroll, software expenses, technology costs,
professional services related to research and development and general and administrative activities, and direct research and development
costs for aircraft design, simulation, and prototype manufacturing, partially offset by periodic grants received from various government
agencies. The Company expects to increase hiring to accelerate its engineering efforts in the coming years. 

For the quarter ended August 31, 2024, the 1,070
increase in cash used from operations as compared to the quarter ended August 31, 2023, was primarily attributed to increased operating
costs, partially offset by changes in working capital. 

Net
Cash used in Investing Activities 

The
Company s cash flows used in investing activities to date have been primarily comprised of property and equipment. 

For
the quarter ended August 31, 2024, there was no procurement of property and equipment. 

Net
Cash used in Financing Activities 

The
Company s cash flows used in financing activities to date have primarily been composed of funding raised with convertible instruments
and registered securities offerings. 

For the quarter ended August 31, 2024, the 3,184
increase in cash provided by financing activities as compared to the quarter ended August 31, 2023, was primarily attributed to the issuance
of Class A ordinary shares and Pre-Funded Warrants PFW s which may convert into common shares of the Company at
the discretion of the warrant holders. 

On August 21, 2024, the Company completed a registered
securities offering RSO by issuing 2,800,000 Class A ordinary shares, 3,000,000 PFW s, and 5,800,000 warrants. Proceeds
received by the Company is summarized below: 

Gross Proceeds - Class A Shares 
 1,906 
 
 Gross Proceeds - PFW s 
 2,041 
 
 Gross Proceeds - Warrant Exercises 
 44 
 
 Direct costs 
 (510 
 
 Net Proceeds 
 3,481 

PFW s may be exercised by warrant holders
at any time at a nominal exercise price as they were funded in connection with the RSO. Upon exercise, each PFW may be exchanged for one
Class A ordinary share. 

Warrant
holders exercised 45,000 warrants in exchange for 45,000 Class A ordinary shares for proceeds of 44 in the quarter ended August 31,
2024. 

As of August 31, 2024, there were warrants outstanding
of 12,065,375 at an exercise price of 11.50 USD, 5,755,000 at an exercise price of 0.75 USD, and 3,000,000 PFW s at a nominal
exercise price to purchase an equivalent number of Class A ordinary shares. 

23 

Sources
of Liquidity 

Liquidity
describes the ability of a company to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including
working capital needs, debt service, contractual obligations, and other commitments. The Company assesses liquidity in terms of its cash
flows from financing activities and their sufficiency to fund its operating and development activities. As of August 31, 2024, the Company s
principal source of liquidity was cash and cash equivalents of 3,822. 

To
date, the Company has funded its operations primarily with the issuances of common shares and issuances of convertible debt instruments.
Additional funding has been provided through government backed grants. 

The
Company believes it has sufficient cash to fulfill its business plan for at least the next 12 months from the date of this filing. To
the extent the Company is able to raise additional financing, either by way of the Forward Purchase Agreement, Warrants, or by other
means, the Company may be in a position to expedite its business plan including hiring employees at a more rapid pace. To achieve the
Company s long-term objectives, additional financing will be required and efforts to raise such working capital will be ongoing
through at least the next three years. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of August 31, 2024, and May 31, 2024. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of the unaudited condensed interim
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited
condensed interim consolidated financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies : 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The Company evaluates its financial instruments
to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic
815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities,
the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with
changes in the fair value reported in the unaudited condensed interim consolidated statements of operations. For derivative instruments
that are classified as equity, the derivative instruments are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value), and subsequent changes
in fair value are not recognized so long as the contracts continue to be classified in equity. 

The Company s Forward Purchase Agreement
and Warrants outstanding are recognized as a derivative liability in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the
instrument as an asset or liability at fair value and with changes in fair value recognized in the Company s unaudited condensed
interim consolidated statements of operations. The estimated fair value of the Forward Purchase Agreement is measured at fair value using
a simulation model. At the settlement date, the Forward Purchase Agreement will be recognized as a derivative asset at the value of cash
paid based on the number of shares, with any changes in fair value recognized in the Company s unaudited condensed interim consolidated
statements of operations. 

24 

Research
and Development Costs 

The
research and development costs are accounted for in accordance with ASC 730, Research and Development , which requires all research
and development costs be expensed as incurred. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

In
August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Accounting for
Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020 . The ASU simplifies the accounting
for convertible instruments by removing certain separation models in ASC 470-20, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options ,
for convertible instruments. The ASU updates the guidance on certain embedded conversion features that are not required to be accounted
for as derivatives under Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging , or that do not result in substantial premiums accounted for as paid-in
capital, such that those features are no longer required to be separated from the host contract. The convertible debt instruments will
be accounted for as a single liability measured at amortized cost. Further, the ASU made amendments to the EPS guidance in Topic 260,
 Earnings Per Share , for convertible instruments, the most significant impact of which is requiring the use of the if-converted
method for diluted EPS calculation, and no longer allowing the net share settlement method. The ASU also made revisions to Topic 815-40,
which provides guidance on how an entity must determine whether a contract qualifies for a scope exception from derivative accounting.
The amendments to Topic 815-40 change the scope of contracts that are recognized as assets or liabilities. The ASU is effective for public
business entities, excluding smaller reporting companies, for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted.
For all other entities, the amendments are effective for and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023. Adoption of the ASU can
either be on a modified retrospective or full retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this
standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

No
other recently issued accounting pronouncements had or are expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 

25 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms
and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its
judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 

Our
management, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures at the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report.
Based upon this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period
covered by this Quarterly Report, the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Notwithstanding the identified material weakness,
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, believe that the unaudited condensed
interim consolidated financial statements contained in this Quarterly Report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows for the fiscal period presented in conformity with GAAP. 

Remediation
of Material Weakness 

While significant progress has been made to improve
our internal control over financial reporting, not all aspects of have been sufficiently remediated. The material weakness, as of August
31, 2024, relates to the inadequate separation of financial responsibilities. Our management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee
of our Board of Directors, continues to design and implement measures to remediate the material weakness. Remediation of the material
weakness will require further validation and testing of the operating effectiveness of the applicable remedial controls over a sustained
period of financial reporting cycles. 

26 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

We
are not party to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings or subject to claims incident
to the ordinary course of business. The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain, and there can be no assurances that favorable
outcomes will be obtained. In addition, regardless of the outcome, such proceedings or claims can have an adverse impact on us, which
may be material because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of resources and other factors. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the
SEC on August 15, 2024 (the Annual Report ). Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect
on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial
may also impair our business or results of operations. Except as set forth below, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have
been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report filed with the SEC. 

Our failure to meet Nasdaq s continued listing requirements
could result in a delisting of our securities. 

If we fail to satisfy Nasdaq s continued
listing requirements, such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement, Nasdaq may take steps
to delist our securities. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our shares and would impair the ability
to sell or purchase our shares. 

On July 19, 2024, Nasdaq notified us that for
at least the last 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for the Company s Class A ordinary shares had closed below the minimum
 1.00 per share requirement for continued inclusion on the Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid
Price Rule ). 

In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A),
we have a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until January 15, 2025, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. If at any time
before January 15, 2025, the bid price of our Class A ordinary shares closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of ten consecutive
business days, Nasdaq will provide us with a written confirmation of compliance with the Bid Price Rule and the matter deemed closed. 

If we do not regain compliance with the Bid Price
Rule by January 15, 2025, we may be eligible for an additional 180-day compliance period. To qualify, we would be required to meet the
continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital
Market, and would need to provide written notice of our intention to cure the bid price deficiency during the second compliance period,
by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. 

If we do not regain compliance with the Bid Price
Rule when required, Nasdaq will provide written notification to us that our Class A ordinary shares are subject to delisting. At that
time, we may appeal the delisting determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel. 

On August 28, 2024, Nasdaq notified us that the
Company had failed to maintain a net income from continuing operations of 500,000 in the most recently completed fiscal year or in two
of the last three most recently completed fiscal years required for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(3) (the Net
Income Standard ). The Nasdaq staff (the Staff also notified the Company it does not meet the alternative continued
listing standards under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the Market Value of Listed Securities Standard, which requires the
market value of the Company s listed securities be at least 35 million) or Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) (the Equity Standard, 
which requires the Company to maintain stockholders equity of at least 2.5 million) (the Net Income Standard, the Market Value
of Listed Securities Standard, and the Equity Standard, collectively the Continued Listing Standards ). 

The Company submitted a plan to the Staff to regain compliance (a Compliance
Plan with the Continued Listing Standards on October 2, 2024 and is considering the various options available to regain compliance
with the Continued Listing Standards. If the Company s Compliance Plan is accepted, Nasdaq will grant the Company up to 180 calendar
days from the date of the Notice to evidence compliance. If Nasdaq does not accept the Company s Compliance Plan, the Company will
have the opportunity to appeal that decision to a Nasdaq hearings panel per Nasdaq Listing Rule 5815(a). 

In the event of a delisting, we can provide no
assurance that any action taken by us to restore compliance with listing requirements would allow our shares to become listed again, stabilize
the market price or improve the liquidity of our shares, prevent our shares from dropping below Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement
or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 

27 

If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, our securities could be quoted on
an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are penny stock which will require brokers trading in the Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The notices from Nasdaq have no immediate effect
on the listing of our Class A ordinary shares, and our Class A ordinary shares will continue to be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol HOVR . We are currently evaluating our options for regaining compliance with both the Bid Price Rule and
the Continued Listing Standards. While there can be no assurance that we will regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule or the Continued
Listing Standards, we expect to cure these deficiencies within each respective permitted period. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

(a)
During the quarter ended August 31, 2024, there were no unregistered sales of our securities that were not reported in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

(b) Not
Applicable. 

(c)
None. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information 

(a)
None. 

(b)
None. 

(c)
During the quarter ended August 31, 2024, of our directors or officers adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading
agreement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement (in each case defined in Item 408 of Regulation
S-K). 

28 

Item
6. Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business
 Combination Agreement, dated August 15, 2023, by and among Pono Capital Three, Inc., Pono Three Merger Acquisitions Corp., and Robinson
 Aircraft, Ltd. d/b/a Horizon Aircraft (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by Pono
 Capital Three, Inc. on August 15, 2023). 
 
 3.1 
 
 New
 Horizon Articles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed by New Horizon Aircraft
 Ltd. on February 14, 2024). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by and between Pono Capital Three, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
 warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by Pono Capital Three, Inc. on February
 15, 2023). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed by
 Pono Capital Three, Inc. on November 10, 2022). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed by Pono Capital Three,
 Inc. on November 10, 2022). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form
 of First Shortfall Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1,
 filed by New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. on April 8, 2024). 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed by New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. on June 24, 2024) . 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Pre-funded Warrant Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed by New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. on June 24, 2024) . 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Underwriting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed by New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. on June 24, 2024) . 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification
 by Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification
 by Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification
 of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL,
 and included in exhibit 101) 

Filed with this Report. 

Furnished with this Report. 

Schedules to this exhibit
 have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Registration S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules
 to the SEC upon request. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. 

Date: October 10, 2024 
 
 /s/ Brandon Robinson 

Name: 
 Brandon Robinson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: October 10, 2024 
 
 /s/ Brian Merker 

Name: 
 Brian Merker 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021444101ex31-1_newhorizon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Brandon Robinson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, of New Horizon Aircraft Ltd.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 10, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Brandon Robinson 

Brandon Robinson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021444101ex31-2_newhorizon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Brian Merker, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, of New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 10, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Brian Merker 

Brian Merker 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021444101ex32-1_newhorizon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of New
Horizon Aircraft Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Brandon Robinson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 10, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Brandon Robinson 

Brandon Robinson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021444101ex32-2_newhorizon.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
New Horizon Aircraft Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Brian Merker, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 10, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Brian Merker 

Brian Merker 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hovr-20240831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hovr-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hovr-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hovr-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hovr-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

