<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1898795_0001898795-24-000307.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5233670</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114406</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1085773</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1586588</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1284347</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1078350</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001898795-24-000307.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106171321
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001898795-24-000307
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LiveWire Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001898795
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTORCYCLES, BICYCLES & PARTS [3751]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41511
		FILM NUMBER:		241432186

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3700 W JUNEAU AVENUE
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53208
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 447-8424

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3700 W JUNEAU AVENUE
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LW EV Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211213

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001898795-24-000307.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 lvwr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

lvwr-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 
 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) ) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive office) 
 (Issuer s Telephone Number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Emerging growth company 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding at November 4, 2024: shares 

LiveWire Group, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 For The Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 Part I Financial Information 
 6 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 
 10 
 2. New Accounting Standards 
 10 
 3. Revenue 
 12 
 4. Income Taxes 
 13 
 5. Earnings Per Share 
 13 
 6. Additional Balance Sheet Information 
 14 
 7. Warrant Liabilities 
 14 
 8. Fair Value 
 16 
 9. Product Warranty and Recall Campaigns 
 17 
 10. Commitments and Contingencies 
 17 
 11. Related Party Transactions 
 18 
 12. Reportable Segments 
 20 
 13. Restructuring 
 19 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 Part II Other Information 
 35 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 36 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 37 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 38 
 Signatures 
 39 

2 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements. The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report may be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, targets, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, forecasts, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report include, but are not limited to statements regarding future results of operations and financial position, industry and business trends, equity compensation, business strategy, plans, market growth, plans and objectives relating to the Company s climate commitment, and the Company s objectives for future operations. 
 
 3 

The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report are only predictions. The Company has based these forward-looking statements largely on current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that the Company believes may affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the Company s history of losses and expectation to incur significant expenses and continuing losses for the foreseeable future; the Company s future capital requirements and sources and uses of cash; the Company s ability to obtain funding for its operations and manage costs; risks related to retail partners being unwilling to participate in the Company s go-to-market business model or its inability to establish or maintain relationships with customers for the Company electric vehicles; the Company s business, expansion plans and opportunities, including its ability to scale its operations and manage its future growth effectively; the effects on the Company s future business of competition, the pace and depth of electric vehicle adoption generally and its ability to achieve planned competitive advantages with respect to its electric vehicles and products, including with respect to reliability, safety and efficiency; the Company ability to execute its business model, including market acceptance of its planned electric vehicles; risks related to the Company s limited operating history, the rollout of its business and the timing of expected business milestones, including the Company s ability to develop and sell electric vehicles of sufficient quality and appeal to customers on schedule and on a large scale; the Company s financial and business performance, including financial projections and business metrics and any underlying assumptions thereunder; changes in the Company s strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects and plans; the Company s ability to attract and retain a large number of customers; risks related to challenges the Company faces as a pioneer into the highly-competitive and rapidly-evolving electric vehicle industry; risks related to Harley Davidson, Inc. H-D making decisions for its overall benefit that could negatively impact the Company s overall business; risks related to the Company s relationship with H-D and its impact on the Company s other business relationships; the Company s ability to leverage contract manufacturers, including H-D and Kwang Yang Motor Co., Ltd., KYMCO Capital Fund I Co., Ltd., SunBright Investment Co., Ltd., CycleLoop Co., Ltd. and Kwang Yang Holdings Limited (collectively, the KYMCO Group ), to contract manufacture its electric vehicles; risks related to potential delays in the design, manufacture, financing, regulatory approval, launch and delivery of the Company s electric vehicles; risks related to building out the Company s supply chain, including the Company s dependency on its existing suppliers and the Company s ability to source suppliers, in each case many of which are single-sourced or limited-source suppliers, for its critical components such as batteries and semiconductor chips; the Company s ability to rely on third-party and public charging networks; the Company s ability to attract and retain key personnel; risks related to the Company s business and H-D s business overlapping and being perceived as competitors; the Company s inability to maintain a strong relationship with H-D or to resolve favorably any disputes that may arise between the Company and H-D; the Company s dependency on H-D for a number of services, including services relating to quality and safety testing, and if those service arrangements terminate, it may require significant investment for the Company to build its own safety and testing facilities, or the Company may be required to obtain such services from another third-party at increased costs; risks related to any decision by the Company to electrify H-D products, or the products of any other company; the Company s expectations regarding its ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection and not infringe on the rights of others; potential harm caused by misappropriation of the Company s data and compromises in cybersecurity; changes in laws, regulatory requirements, governmental incentives and fuel and energy prices; the impact of health epidemics on the Company s business, the other risks it face and the actions it may take in response thereto; litigation, regulatory proceedings, complaints, product liability claims and/or adverse; the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business and/or competitive factor publicity; and; the other important factors discussed in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report, as well as in Item 1A. Risk Factors of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of the filing of this report November 6, 2024, and the Company disclaims any obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report are based upon information available to the Company as of the date of this Quarterly Report, and while the Company believes such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and the Company s statements should not be read to indicate that the Company has conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 
 4 

You should read this Quarterly Report and the documents that the Company references in this Quarterly Report and have filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report with the understanding that actual future results, performance and achievements may be materially different from what the Company expects. The Company qualifies all of the forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. Except as required by applicable law, the Company does not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 As used in this Quarterly Report, unless otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise, references to LiveWire, the Company, we, us, and our, refer to LiveWire Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 5 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

LIVEWIRE GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenue, net Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold (including related party amounts of and for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively; see Note 11) 
 Selling, administrative and engineering expense (including related party amounts of and for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively; see Note 11) 
 Total operating costs and expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Interest income Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted (Note 5) 
 The accompanying notes are integral to the consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

LIVEWIRE GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par value) (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable from related party Inventories, net Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Deferred tax assets Lease assets Intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accounts payable to related party Accrued liabilities Current portion of lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term portion of lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Warrant liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Treasury Stock, at cost: September 30, 2024 - shares and December 31, 2023 - shares 
 ) ) Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are integral to the consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

LIVEWIRE GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Depreciation and amortization Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Stock compensation expense Provision for doubtful accounts Deferred income taxes Inventory write-down Cloud computing arrangements development costs ) Other, net ) ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Accounts receivable from related party ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Accounts payable to related party ) Net cash used by operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Net cash used by investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds received from exercise of warrants (Note 7) Repurchase of common stock ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are integral to the consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

LIVEWIRE GROUP, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Treasury Stock Total Issued shares Balance Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Share-based compensation expense Repurchase of common stock ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Share-based compensation expense Repurchase of common stock ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Share-based compensation expense Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 Common Stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Treasury Stock Total Issued shares Balance Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance, March 31, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation expense Shareholder warrants exercised Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Share-based compensation expense Shareholder warrants exercised Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are integral to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 9 

LIVEWIRE GROUP, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 
 segments: Electric Motorcycles and STACYC. 
 
 On September 26, 2022, the Company consummated a previously announced business combination and related financing transactions (collectively the Business Combination pursuant to a business combination agreement, dated as of December 12, 2021 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among AEA-Bridges Impact Corp ABIC ), LiveWire Group Inc., (formerly known as LW EV Holdings, Inc.), LW EV Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub ), Harley-Davidson, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation H-D ), and LiveWire EV, LLC Legacy LiveWire ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of H-D. The Business combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. Under this method of accounting, ABIC was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. The net assets of ABIC were stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. The Business Combination resulted in net proceeds of approximately million. The Company also assumed the Public Warrants and Private Warrants upon consummation of the Business Combination. See further detail in Note 7, Warrant Liabilities. 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, H-D has the right to receive up to an additional shares of the Company s common stock in the future (the Earn-Out Shares upon the occurrence of certain triggering events: (i) a one-time issuance of Earn Out Shares if the volume-weighted average price VWAP of Common Stock is greater than or equal to over any trading days within any consecutive trading day period; and (ii) a one-time issuance of Earn Out Shares if the VWAP of Common Stock is greater than or equal to over any trading days within any consecutive trading-day period, in each case, during a period beginning months from September 26, 2022, the closing date of the Business Combination, and expiring thereafter. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 In the opinion of the Company s management, the accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024, the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and the consolidated statements of shareholders equity for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Certain information and disclosures normally included in complete financial statements have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP for interim financial reporting. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. All intercompany transactions within the Company have been eliminated in preparing the consolidated financial statements. 

10 

2. 

11 

3. 
 
 Parts, accessories and apparel STACYC Electric balance bikes Parts, accessories and apparel Total Revenue, net 
 
 Revenue from the sale of LiveWire One electric motorcycles, electric balance bikes, as well as parts and accessories and apparel are recorded when control is transferred to the customer, generally at the time of shipment to independent dealers and distributors or at the time of delivery to retail customers. S2 electric motorcycles, being motorcycles produced from LiveWire s S2 platform using the Arrow Architecture model, contain two performance obligations, which is the sale of the electric motorcycle and a stand ready obligation to transfer Firmware Over The Air FOTA software updates to the electric motorcycle, when-and-if available, to the customer. Revenue on the sale of the S2 electric motorcycles is recorded at a point-in-time when control is transferred to the customer. As the unspecified FOTA software updates to S2 electric motorcycles are provided when-and-if they become available, revenue related to these updates is recognized ratably over the period the updates will be provided, estimated by management to be five years, commencing when control of the electric motorcycle is transferred to the customer. The standalone selling prices of performance obligations are estimated by considering costs to develop and deliver the good or service, third-party pricing of similar goods or services and other information that may be available. The Company allocates the transaction price among the performance obligations in proportion to the standalone selling price of the Company s performance obligations. 
 
 The Company offers sales incentive programs to independent dealers, distributors and retail customers designed to promote the sale of its products. The Company estimates its variable consideration related to its sales incentive programs using the expected value method. The Company accounts for consideration payable as part of its sales incentives as a reduction of revenue, which is accrued at the later of the date the related sale is recorded or the date the incentive program is both approved and communicated. Variable consideration related to sales incentives and rights to return is adjusted at the earliest of when the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive changes, or the consideration becomes fixed. During the first quarter of 2024, the Company revised its retail partner strategy in the Electric Motorcycles segment and introduced new incentives with its retail partners. During the third quarter of 2024, the Company introduced additional incentives. As a result of incentives in 2024, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded thousand and thousand of adjustments, respectively, for variable consideration related to previously recognized sales. Adjustments for variable consideration related to previously recognized sales were t material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company offers the right to return eligible parts and accessories and apparel, electric balance bikes, and, in limited circumstances, on electric motorcycles. The Company estimates returns based on an analysis of historical trends and probability of returns and records revenue on the initial sale only in the amount that it expects to be entitled. The remaining consideration is deferred in a refund liability account. The refund liability is remeasured for changes in the estimate at each reporting date with a corresponding adjustment to revenue. The Company records a refund asset at the carrying amount of the goods at the time of sale, less any expected costs to recover the goods and any expected reduction in value as a reduction to Cost of goods sold. This amount is monitored and adjusted for impairment as necessary. The refund asset of thousand and thousand were included in Other current assets and the refund liability of thousand and thousand were included in Accrued liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 12 

thousand and thousand were included in Accrued liabilities and the long-term portion of contract liabilities of thousand and thousand were included in Other long-term liabilities in the Company's Consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company expects to recognize thousand included in Accrued Liabilities as of September 30, 2024 over the next twelve months. The Company expects to recognize thousand included in Other long-term liabilities at September 30, 2024 over the next five years. 
 
 thousand and , respectively, and thousand and thousand in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

4. 
 
 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

5. ) ) ) Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive securities warrants Effect of dilutive securities employee stock compensation awards Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding Earnings per share (1) : 
 Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) 
 13 

Diluted net loss per share is computed by giving effect to all potential shares of common stock, to the extent dilutive, including unvested restricted stock units RSUs ), unvested performance share units PSUs ), and Warrants (as defined in Note 7, Warrant Liabilities). Potential shares of common stock are excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share if their effect would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented or if the issuance of shares is contingent upon events that did not occur by the end of the period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, thousand employee stock compensation plan awards were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, thousand employee stock compensation plan awards were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, thousand warrants were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. Additionally, the Company has not included the impact of the Earn-Out Shares, discussed in Note 1, Description of Business and Basis of Presentation, in the calculation of EPS as the triggering events have not occurred. 

6. 

Electric motorcycles and electric balance bikes Parts and accessories and apparel Inventories, net 
 
 Accrued liabilities primarily include accrued capital expenditures of thousand, accrued payroll and employee benefits of thousand, accrued engineering costs of thousand, and accrued restructuring of thousand as of September 30, 2024. Accrued liabilities primarily include accrued capital expenditures of thousand, accrued payroll and employee benefits of thousand, and accrued engineering costs of thousand as of December 31, 2023. 

7. 
 
 Warrants to purchase the Company s Common Stock, comprised of public warrants, originally issued by ABIC as part of ABIC s IPO of units (the Public Warrants and of outstanding warrants originally issued in a private placement in connection with the IPO of ABIC (the Private Placement Warrants , collectively with the Public Warrants, the Warrants ). The Warrants expire from the completion of the Business Combination. There were Public Warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and Private Warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Each Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase share of Common Stock at a price of per share. A Warrant holder may exercise its Warrants only for a whole number of shares of Common Stock. This means only a whole Warrant may be exercised at a given time by a Warrant holder. No fractional Warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants trade. The Company will receive the proceeds from the exercise of any warrants in cash. The Warrants will expire after the completion of the Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 
 14 

: The Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants (except as described with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 
 at a price of per Warrant; 
 upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption; and 
 if, and only if, the reported last sales price of the Company s Common Stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. 
 
 Redemption of Warrants when the price per Common Stock share equals or exceeds : Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants: 
 
 in whole and not in part; 
 at per Warrant upon a minimum days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the agreed table, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Common Stock; 
 if, and only if, the closing price of the shares of Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a Warrant) for any trading days within the -trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders; and 
 if the closing price of the shares of Common Stock for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a Warrant), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Warrants, as described above. 
 
 Private Placement Warrants 
 
 The Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are similar to those of the Public Warrants, including as to the exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The Private Placement Warrants will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are (i) held by the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or its permitted transferees and (ii) the reference value exceeds per share. The initial Private Placement Warrant purchasers, or its permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis if the reference value is between and . If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than AEA-Bridges Impact Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no redemptions or exercises of the Public Warrants or Private Warrants. There were no redemptions and exercises of thousand of the Public Warrants during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. There were exercises or redemptions of the Private Warrants during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized income of thousand and thousand respectively, as a change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized income of thousand and expense of thousand, respectively, as a change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company determined the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants do not meet the criteria to be classified in stockholders equity and the fair value of the warrants should be classified as a liability. The Company s Warrant liability was thousand and thousand as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 15 

8. 
 
 Liabilities: Public Warrants Private Placement Warrants Share-based awards settled in cash December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Money market funds Liabilities: Public Warrants Private Placement Warrants Share-based awards settled in cash 
 
 There were no significant assets or liabilities on the Company s Consolidated balance sheets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 
 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Money Market Funds 
 
 Money market funds include highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three or fewer months and are presented within Cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated balance sheets. They are valued using quoted market prices in active markets and are classified under Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Warrant Liabilities 
 
 The Public Warrants are publicly traded under the symbol LVWR WS and the fair value of the Public Warrants at a specific date is determined by the closing price of the Public Warrants as of that date. As such, the Public Warrants are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was determined using the closing price of the Public Warrants as the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are economically similar to those of the Public Warrants. The Private Placement Warrants are classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. 
 
 16 

9. 
 
 , except for the battery which is covered for . The Company also provides limited warranties on parts and accessories and electric balance bikes. The warranty coverage for the retail customer generally begins when the product is sold to the retail customer. The Company accrues future warranty claims at the time of sale by the Company using an estimated cost based primarily on historical Company claim information. In the case of both warranty and recall costs, as actual experience becomes available it is used to update the accruals. 
 
 Additionally, the Company may from time-to-time initiate certain voluntary recall campaigns. The Company records estimated recall costs when the liability is both probable and estimable. This generally occurs when the Company s management approves and commits to a recall. The warranty and recall liability are included in Accrued liabilities and Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Warranties issued during the period Settlements made during the period ) ) ) ) Recalls and changes to pre-existing warranty liabilities ) Balance, end of period 
 
 The liability for recall campaigns included in the above table was thousand and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

10. 

17 

11. 
 
 thousand and thousand, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, there are thousand and thousand, respectively, of Cost of goods sold with H-D on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Of the Costs of goods sold with H-D, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, thousand and thousand, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, thousand and thousand, respectively, are related to purchases, primarily motorcycles, under the terms of the Contract Manufacturing Agreement. These purchases of electric motorcycles from H-D are sold to the Company s customers resulting in Cost of goods sold. Also included in the total Cost of goods sold with H-D for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is a provision of thousand and thousand, respectively, related to a liability for excess inventory components held by H-D that the Company expects to be obligated to reimburse H-D under the terms of the Contract Manufacturing Agreement. 
 Selling, administrative and engineering - During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 there are thousand and thousand, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 there were thousand and thousand, respectively, in expenses associated with services rendered in conjunction with the various service agreements with H-D, which are presented within Selling, administrative and engineering on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 
 Accounts payable to related party - As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there is thousand and thousand, respectively, due to H-D and presented as Accounts payable to related party on the Consolidated balance sheets. Of the amount outstanding to H-D, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, thousand and thousand, respectively, is associated with inventory purchased under the Contract Manufacturing Agreement and thousand and thousand, respectively, is associated with services under the various service agreements with H-D and thousand and thousand, respectively, is associated with the obligation to reimburse H-D for excess inventory components held by H-D that the Company expects to be obligated to reimburse H-D under the terms of the Contract Manufacturing Agreement. This amount represents the Company s best estimate of the liability as of each of the balance sheet dates and is subject to adjustment based on final negotiations with H-D regarding amounts owed under the terms of the Contract Manufacturing Agreement. 
 
 18 

million. The outstanding principal under the Convertible Term Loan bears interest at a floating rate per annum, as calculated by H-D as of the date of each advance and as of each June 1 and December 1 thereafter, equal to the sum of (i) the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR (i.e., the secured overnight financing rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate)) for a -month interest period, plus (ii) . The Company may elect to pay up to 100 of the amount of any interest due by increasing the outstanding principal amount of the applicable advance. The Convertible Term Loan does not include affirmative covenants impacting the operations of the Company. The Convertible Term Loan includes negative covenants restricting the ability of the Company to incur indebtedness, create liens, sell assets, make investments, make fundamental changes, make dividends or other restricted payments and enter into affiliate transactions. The Convertible Term Loan has a maturity date of the earlier of (i) months from the date of the first draw on the loan or (ii) October 31, 2026. In the event that the Convertible Term Loan cannot be settled in cash by the Company at maturity, unless otherwise agreed between the Company and H-D, the Convertible Term Loan will be converted to equity of Company at a conversion price per share of common stock of the Company equal to of the volume weighted average price per share of Common Stock for the trading days immediately preceding the conversion date. As of September 30, 2024 , there were no amounts outstanding under the Convertible Term Loan and the Company remained in compliance with all of the existing covenants. 
 Other transactions 
 Sales of electric motorcycles and related products to independent dealers and customers are primarily financed through Harley-Davidson Financial Services HDFS ), a wholly owned subsidiary of H-D; therefore, the Company s accounts receivable related to these sales are recorded in Accounts receivable from related party on the Consolidated balance sheets . Amounts financed through HDFS, not yet remitted to the Company by HDFS, are generally settled within days. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there is thousand and thousand, respectively, due from HDFS and other related receivables due from H-D, which is presented as Accounts receivable from related party on the Consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded thousand and thousand, respectively, in related party sales between the Company and H-D with thousand and thousand, respectively, in Cost of goods sold. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded thousand and thousand, respectively, in related party sales between the Company and H-D with thousand and thousand, respectively, in Cost of goods sold. All sales were for the STACYC segment which sells electric balance bikes to H-D. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was thousand and thousand due from H-D, which is presented as Accounts receivable from related party on the Consolidated balance sheets, respectively. 
 On September 26, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with H-D to sublease a Product Development Center. Additionally, on August 28, 2023, the Company amended a lease agreement with H-D for office space to extend the term of the lease to a period which expired on September 26, 2024 and is now renewed on a month-to-month basis. On September 4, 2024, the Company entered into a lease agreement with H-D to sublease office space in California, which expires on October 31, 2027. These are classified as operating leases. As of September 30, 2024, the right of use assets included within Lease assets, short-term lease liabilities included within Current portion of lease liabilities, and long-term lease liabilities included within Long-term portion of lease liabilities in the Consolidated balance sheets were thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the right of use assets included within Lease assets, short-term lease liabilities included within Current portion of lease liabilities, and long-term lease liabilities included within Long-term portion of lease liabilities in the Consolidated balance sheets were thousand, thousand, and thousand, respectively. In addition, the Company incurred thousand and thousand in rent expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and the Company recorded thousand and thousand, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, which is included within Selling, administrative and engineering expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 In conjunction with the relocation of LiveWire labs from California, announced in the second quarter of 2024, the Company moved its equipment from LiveWire Labs to an H-D location in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in September 2024, where it is being stored until the Company and H-D finalize the terms of a lease for space in this building. 
 19 

12. 
 
 segments: Electric Motorcycles and STACYC. The Company s reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services and are managed separately based on the fundamental differences in their operations. 
 
 The Electric Motorcycles segment consists of the business activities related to the design and sales of electric motorcycles. The Electric Motorcycles segment also sells electric motorcycle parts, accessories, and apparel. The Company s products are sold at wholesale to a network of independent dealers and at retail through a Company-owned dealership and through online sales, and through select international partners primarily in Europe. 
 
 The STACYC segment consists of the business activities related to the design and sales of the STACYC brand of electric balance bikes for kids. The STACYC segment also sells electric balance bike parts, accessories, and apparel. STACYC products are sold in the U.S., Canada, Australia and Europe. The STACYC segment products are sold through independent retail partners in the U.S. and Canada, including powersports dealers, H-D dealers, bicycle retailers and direct to customers online. In Australia and Europe, STACYC sells its products through independent distributors and direct to customers online in Europe. 
 
 Cost of goods sold Selling, administrative and engineering expense Operating loss ) ) ) ) STACYC Revenue, net Cost of goods sold Selling, administrative and engineering expense Operating income (loss) 
 ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 Total assets for the Electric Motorcycles and STACYC segments were thousand and thousand, respectively, as of September 30, 2024 and thousand and thousand, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 20 

13. 
 
 thousand and thousand of employee termination benefits, primarily severance, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, within Selling, administrative and engineering expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss in the Electric Motorcycle segment. Of these amounts, thousand and thousand related to one-time employee termination benefits recorded pursuant to ASC 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations ASC 420 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and the remainder was related to existing contractual arrangements with employees recorded pursuant to ASC 712, Compensation Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits ASC 712 ). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash payments of thousand and thousand were made related to this plan. Additionally, the Company incurred thousand and thousand of expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to employee relocation and equipment move costs in conjunction with these actions, which was recorded within Selling, administrative and engineering expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss in the Electric Motorcycles segment. Of this amount, thousand and thousand was paid within the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 In September 2024, continuing its focus on the Company s path to profitability and furthering its strategy, the Company executed a reorganization of its Sales and Marketing function and Product Development and Design function, including consolidating each of these functions under singular leadership and other headcount reductions. In conjunction with this reorganization, the Company recorded thousand of employee termination benefits, primarily severance, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which none was paid as of September 30, 2024. This amount was recorded within the Electric Motorcycles segment and presented within Selling, administrative and engineering on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Of this amount, thousand related to one-time employee termination benefits recorded pursuant to ASC 420, and the remainder was related to existing contractual arrangements with employees recorded pursuant to ASC 712. 
 
 The Company recognized a reduction in stock compensation expense of thousand and thousand in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, resulting from forfeitures of awards related to employees who terminated during the second and third quarters of 2024 resulting from the above actions. The Company also recorded thousand and thousand of accelerated depreciation related to LiveWire Labs leasehold improvements resulting from the move from Mountain View, California to Milwaukee, Wisconsin in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. These amounts were recorded within Selling, administrative and engineering expense on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss in the Electric Motorcycles segment. 
 
 Reserve Established Utilization of reserve: Payments Balance at March 31, 2024 Reserve Established Utilization of reserve: Payments ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 Reserve Established Utilization of reserve: Payments ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 21 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand the Company, the Company s financial condition and results of operations, and the Company s present business environment. The following discussion and analysis should be read together with the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 
 
 LiveWire is an industry-leading all-electric vehicle brand with a mission to pioneer the rapidly growing two-wheel electric motorcycle space. The Company operates in two segments: Electric Motorcycles and STACYC. 
 
 The Electric Motorcycles segment sells electric motorcycles, related parts and accessories and apparel in the United States and certain international markets, while the STACYC segment sells electric balance bikes, related parts and accessories and apparel in the United States and certain international markets. 
 
 Electric motorcycles are sold at wholesale to a network of independent retail partners, at retail through a Company-owned dealership, through online sales and through select international partners. Electric balance bikes are sold at wholesale to independent dealers and independent distributors, as well as direct to customers online. As discussed below, on September 26, 2022 as part of the Business Combination, the Company, which included LiveWire branded electric motorcycles and STACYC, became a separate, publicly traded company. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s net loss was 22,694 thousand compared to 14,578 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and was 71,143 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 76,457 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company s net losses reflect the early-stage nature of the Company s business. The increase in net loss of 8,116 thousand and the decrease in net loss of 5,314 thousand for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, reflect the segment results and changes in interest income and the fair value of warrants discussed below. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Electric Motorcycles segment operating loss was 25,015 thousand, compared to an operating loss of 25,741 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and was an operating loss of 80,818 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an operating loss of 82,408 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to the Electric Motorcycles segment analysis below for further discussion on the decrease in operating loss of 726 thousand and 1,590 thousand for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the STACYC segment operating loss was 1,510 thousand, as compared to operating income of 398 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and was an operating loss of 4,294 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to operating income of 174 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to the STACYC segment analysis below for further discussion on the increase in operating loss of 1,908 thousand and 4,468 thousand for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 On April 24, 2024, the Company announced a plan to both relocate the operations of LiveWire Labs, the Company s west coast product development facility, from Mountain View, California to Milwaukee, Wisconsin and streamline headcount at the Company. The Company believes this plan will enable synergies and optimize efficiencies in product development and simplify the Company s overall path to future profitability. 
 
 Under this plan, the Company recorded 1,225 thousand and 3,769 thousand of expense in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to employee termination benefits and other costs, of which 1,617 thousand and 2,171 thousand was paid in cash during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 In September 2024, continuing its focus on the Company s path to profitability and furthering its strategy, the Company executed a reorganization of its Sales and Marketing function and Product Development and Design function, including consolidating each of these functions under singular leadership and other headcount reductions. In conjunction with this reorganization, the Company recorded 900 thousand of employee termination benefits, primarily severance, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which none was paid as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 22 

The Company also recognized a noncash reduction in stock compensation expense of 730 thousand and 3,024 thousand during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulting from forfeitures of awards related to employees who terminated during the second and third quarters of 2024 as a result of the above actions. The Company also recorded 401 thousand and 863 thousand of accelerated depreciation related to LiveWire Labs leasehold improvements resulting from the move from Mountain View, California to Milwaukee, Wisconsin during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Effective November 5, 2024, the Company s go-to-market strategy in Europe changed from selling direct to customers through international partners to selling at wholesale to independent dealers. Management believes this change will allow the Company to leverage the business practices and expertise of the dealer network in each region to further grow the business and increase unit sales in Europe. This change also aligns the business model in Europe to the business model in the United States. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 48 international partners. Through the current date, seven of the Company s prior international partners in Europe have committed to continuing to be a retail partner of LiveWire and being part of the LiveWire wholesale dealer network going forward. Additionally, three new international partners have committed to being part of the LiveWire wholesale dealer network. 
 
 On November 5, 2024, the Company announced a non-binding Memorandum of Understanding with Kwang Yang Motor Co., KTD. and its relevant subsidiaries KYMCO to collaborate on a new Electric Vehicle maxi-scooter project. 
 
 Business Combination 
 
 On September 26, 2022, the Company consummated a previously announced business combination and related financing transactions (collectively the Business Combination pursuant to a business combination agreement, dated as of December 12, 2021 (the Business Combination Agreement ), by and among AEA-Bridges Impact Corp ABIC ), LiveWire EV Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (now known as LiveWire Group, Inc. ), LW EV Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub ), Harley-Davidson, Inc., a Wisconsin corporation H-D ), and LiveWire EV, LLC Legacy LiveWire ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of H-D. 
 
 The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. Under this method of accounting, ABIC was treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. Accordingly, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of the Company issuing stock for the net assets of ABIC, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of ABIC were stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. The Business Combination resulted in net proceeds of approximately 293.7 million. The Company also assumed the Public Warrants and Private Warrants upon consummation of the Business Combination. See further detail in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, Warrant Liabilities. 
 
 2024 Outlook 
 
 For the remainder of 2024, LiveWire's focus continues to be on cost improvements, future additional models on the S2 platform, product innovation and development, and aligning its go-to-market strategy globally. 
 
 23 

Key Business Metrics 
 
 To analyze LiveWire s business performance, determine financial forecasts and help develop long-term strategic plans, management reviews the following key business metrics, which are important measures that represent the growth of the business: 
 
 Wholesale Motorcycle Unit Sales LiveWire defines Wholesale Motorcycle Unit Sales as the number of electric motorcycles sold by LiveWire to independent dealers for which LiveWire recognized revenue during the period. 
 
 Company Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales LiveWire defines Company Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales as the number of new electric motorcycles sold at retail by LiveWire through its Company-owned dealership, through online sales or direct to customers through select international partners for which LiveWire recognized revenue during the period. 
 
 Independent Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales LiveWire defines Independent Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales as the number of new electric motorcycles sold at retail by Independent Retail Partners. These unit sales do not generate revenues for LiveWire but generate revenues for individual retail partners. The data source for electric motorcycle retail sales figures is new sales warranty and registration information provided by Independent Retail Partners and compiled by LiveWire. LiveWire must rely on information that its Independent Retail Partners supply concerning new retail sales, and LiveWire does not regularly verify the information that its independent retail partners supply. This information is subject to revision. 
 
 Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales LiveWire defines retail motorcycle unit sales as the sum of Company Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales and Independent Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales. 
 
 Company-owned dealership Dealership owned and operated by LiveWire to sell electric motorcycles, related products, and services. 
 
 Independent Retail Partners (Electric Motorcycles) Retail Partners owned and operated by independent entities under contract with LiveWire to sell LiveWire electric motorcycles, related products, and services. 
 
 Electric Balance Bike Unit Sales (STACYC) LiveWire defines Electric Balance Bike Unit Sales as the number of electric balance bikes sold by LiveWire for which LiveWire recognized revenue during the period. 
 
 Independent Retail Partners (STACYC) Retail Partners owned and operated by independent entities under contract with STACYC to sell electric balance bikes, related products, and services. 
 24 

The following table details the key business metric amounts for the periods indicated: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Wholesale Motorcycle Unit Sales 77 11 280 65 Company Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales 22 39 94 81 Total LiveWire Motorcycle Unit Sales 99 50 374 146 Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales: Company Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales (1) 
 22 39 94 81 Independent Retail Partners (2) 
 104 20 348 94 Total Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales 126 59 442 175 Electric Balance Bike Unit Sales: 
 US 3,235 4,912 9,369 16,069 International 207 2,319 830 7,596 Total Electric Balance Bike Unit Sales 
 3,442 7,231 10,199 23,665 
 (1) Data source for Company Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales figures shown above is LiveWire s records. 
 (2) Data source for Independent Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales figures shown above is new sales warranty and registration information provided by retail partners and compiled by LiveWire. LiveWire must rely on information that its Independent Retail Partners supply concerning new retail sales, and LiveWire does not regularly verify the information that its Independent Retail Partners supply. This information is subject to revision. 
 
 The following table details the number of retail partners: 
 As of As of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Electric Motorcycles Company-owned dealership 1 1 Independent Retail Partners 118 126 Total Electric Motorcycles Retail Partners 119 127 STACYC Independent Retail Partners: U.S. 2,013 1,975 International 150 137 Total STACYC Independent Retail Partners 2,163 2,112 
 The Electric Motorcycles independent retail partners shown above include those that have been contracted by LiveWire to sell LiveWire motorcycles. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, this total includes 2 and 4 partners, respectively, that were actively working to complete the licensing required to sell LiveWire motorcycles as of the end of the period. LiveWire intends to grow this network as it expands its distribution capabilities. 
 LiveWire believes these key business metrics provide useful information to help investors understand and evaluate LiveWire s business performance. Wholesale Motorcycle Unit Sales and Company Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales are key drivers of revenue and operating results for the Electric Motorcycles segment. Retail Motorcycle Unit Sales made through both the Company-owned dealership and Independent Retail Partners are a key measure of consumer demand and market share for LiveWire s electric motorcycles. Total Electric Balance Bike Unit Sales is a key driver of revenue and profit for STACYC. 
 25 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table presents consolidated results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Operating loss from Electric Motorcycles (25,015) (25,741) 726 (2.8) Operating income (loss) from STACYC 
 (1,510) 398 (1,908) (479.4) Operating loss (26,525) (25,343) (1,182) 4.7 Interest income 1,252 2,726 (1,474) (54.1) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 2,581 8,038 (5,457) (67.9) Loss before income taxes (22,692) (14,579) (8,113) 55.6 Income tax (benefit) provision 2 (1) 3 (300.0) Net loss (22,694) (14,578) (8,116) 55.7 Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustments 5 (7) 12 (171.4) Comprehensive loss (22,689) (14,585) (8,104) 55.6 Net loss per share, basic and diluted (0.11) (0.07) (0.04) 57.1 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 
 The Company reported an operating loss of 26,525 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an operating loss of 25,343 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Electric Motorcycles segment reported an operating loss of 25,015 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to an operating loss of 25,741 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The STACYC segment reported operating loss of 1,510 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to operating income of 398 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to the Electric Motorcycles and STACYC Segment discussions for a more detailed analysis of the factors affecting operating results. 
 
 Interest Income (Expense) 
 
 Interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,252 thousand, as compared to interest income of 2,726 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by the decrease in the balance of money market funds at September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior year. The Company had investments of 80,000 thousand and 197,000 thousand in money market funds as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was income of 2,581 thousand, as compared to income of 8,038 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The income recognized was due to the decrease in the estimated fair value due to fluctuations in the market price of the warrants during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. See Note 7, Warrant Liabilities, in the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Provision 
 
 The income tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 2 thousand, as compared to a benefit of 1 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company believes there is not sufficient positive evidence for the tax benefit generated by the current period operating loss in the U.S. to be benefited in future periods. 
 
 26 

Segment Results 

Electric Motorcycles 
 
 The following table presents consolidated results of operations for the Electric Motorcycles segment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Revenue: Electric motorcycles 1,096 1,156 (60) (5.2) Parts, accessories and apparel 113 182 (69) (37.9) Revenue, net 1,209 1,338 (129) (9.6) Cost of goods sold 3,701 2,917 784 26.9 Gross profit (2,492) (1,579) (913) 57.8 Operating expenses: Selling, administrative and engineering expense 22,523 24,162 (1,639) (6.8) Operating loss (25,015) (25,741) 726 (2.8) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 129 thousand, or 9.6 , to 1,209 thousand from 1,338 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Unit sales increased by 98.0 from 50 units in 2023 to 99 units in 2024 driven by more products in the market. The Company has three bike models in the market as of September 30, 2024 as compared to two bike models in market at September 30, 2023. The impact on revenue of the increased unit sales in the three months ended September 30, 2024 was offset by a reduction in reven ue of 725 thousand resulting from product mix due to the S2 Del Mar and Mulholland having lower selling prices than LiveWire ONE and 513 thousand related to the reserve for estimated future returns. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 Cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 784 thousand, or 26.9 , to 3,701 thousand from 2,917 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased over the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to increased sales units as discussed above, higher net realizable value adjustments of 468 thousand , and increased depreciation expense of 341 thousand. 
 
 Selling, Administrative and Engineering Expense 
 
 Selling, administrative and engineering expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 1,639 thousand, or 6.8 , to 22,523 thousand from 24,162 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a reduction in product development expenses of 1,587 thousand in the current year as 2023 included increased expenses related to the initial development of the S2 platform. Additionally, the Company continues to focus on cost reduction activities in 2024, including decreases of 1,577 thousand in personnel costs in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily from headcount reductions in 2024, and 344 thousand from reductions in insurance premiums. These decreases were offset by an increase in depreciation expense of 706 thousand, including 401 thousand related to accelerated depreciation on leasehold improvements related to LiveWire Labs resulting from the planned move from Mountain View, California to Milwaukee, Wisconsin. As discussed above, related to the move of LiveWire Labs as well as the Company s plan to streamline headcount announced in the second quarter of 2024, and additional headcount reductions initiated in the third quarter of 2024, the Company recorded 2,125 thousand of expense in the three months ended September 30, 2024 related to employee termination benefits and other costs. The Company also recognized a noncash reduction in stock compensation expense of 730 thousand during the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulting from forfeitures of awards related to employees who terminated during the third quarter 2024. 
 27 

STACYC 
 
 The following table presents consolidated results of operations for the STACYC segment for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three months ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Revenue: Electric balance bikes 2,398 5,737 (3,339) (58.2) Parts, accessories and apparel 838 1,069 (231) (21.6) Revenue, net 3,236 6,806 (3,570) (52.5) Cost of goods sold 2,264 4,135 (1,871) (45.2) Gross profit 972 2,671 (1,699) (63.6) Operating expenses: Selling, administrative and engineering expense 2,482 2,273 209 9.2 Operating income (loss) (1,510) 398 (1,908) (479.4) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 3,570 thousand, or 52.5 , to 3,236 thousand from 6,806 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in revenue of 3,570 thousand was driven by a 3,043 thousand reduction in electric balance bikes revenue due to lower shipment volumes primarily to our independent distributors, a decrease of 231 thousand in parts, accessories and apparel revenue, and a 296 thousand reduction due to pricing in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 Cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 1,871 thousand, or 45.2 , to 2,264 thousand from 4,135 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower volumes in alignment with the decreased revenue described above. 
 
 Selling, Administrative and Engineering Expense 
 
 Selling, administrative and engineering expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 209 thousand, or 9.2 , to 2,482 thousand from 2,273 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increased research and development costs relating to new product development of 312 thousand offset by decreased sales commissions and depreciation and amortization in the three months ended September 30, 2024 . 

28 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table presents consolidated results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Operating loss from Electric Motorcycles (80,818) (82,408) 1,590 (1.9) Operating income (loss) from STACYC 
 (4,294) 174 (4,468) (2567.8) Operating loss (85,112) (82,234) (2,878) 3.5 Interest income 4,864 8,172 (3,308) (40.5) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 9,131 (2,332) 11,463 (491.6) Loss before income taxes (71,117) (76,394) 5,277 (6.9) Income tax provision 26 63 (37) (58.7) Net loss (71,143) (76,457) 5,314 (7.0) Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustments (19) (7) (12) 171.4 Comprehensive loss (71,162) (76,464) 5,302 (6.9) Net loss per share, basic and diluted (0.35) (0.38) (0.03) 7.9 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 
 The Company reported an operating loss of 85,112 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an operating loss of 82,234 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Electric Motorcycles segment reported an operating loss of 80,818 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to an operating loss of 82,408 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The STACYC segment reported an operating loss of 4,294 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to operating income of 174 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Refer to the Electric Motorcycles and STACYC Segment discussions for a more detailed analysis of the factors affecting operating results. 
 
 Interest Income (Expense) 
 
 Interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 4,864 thousand compared to interest income of 8,172 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change was primarily driven by interest income earned on money market fund investments entered into using funds from the Business Combination. The Company had an investment of 80,000 thousand in money market funds as of September 30, 2024 and 197,000 thousand as of September 30, 2023. 
 
 Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liabilities 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was income of 9,131 thousand, as compared to an expense of 2,332 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The income recognized was due to the decrease in the estimated fair value of the warrants during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the expense recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to the increase in estimated fair value due to fluctuations in the market price of the warrants. See Note 7, Warrant Liabilities, in the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 
 Income Tax (Benefit) Provision 
 
 The income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 26 thousand, as compared to 63 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company believes there is not sufficient positive evidence for the tax benefit generated by the current period operating loss in the U.S. to be benefited in future periods. 
 
 29 

Electric Motorcycles 
 
 The following table presents consolidated results of operations for the Electric Motorcycles segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Revenue: Electric motorcycles 4,470 3,248 1,222 37.6 Parts, accessories and apparel 413 334 79 23.7 Revenue, net 4,883 3,582 1,301 36.3 Cost of goods sold 15,928 11,449 4,479 39.1 Gross profit (11,045) (7,867) (3,178) 40.4 Operating expenses: Selling, administrative and engineering expense 69,773 74,541 (4,768) (6.4) Operating loss (80,818) (82,408) 1,590 (1.9) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 1,301 thousand, or 36.3 , to 4,883 thousand from 3,582 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Unit sales increased by 156.2 from 146 units in 2023 to 374 units in 2024 driven by more products in the market. The Company has three bike models in the market as of September 30, 2024 as compared to two bikes in the market at September 30, 2023. The impact on revenue of the increased unit sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was offset by a reduction in revenue of 2,249 thousand resulting from product mix due to the S2 Del Mar and Mulholland having lower selling prices than LiveWire ONE and 809 thousand resulting from the impact of new incentives associated with the revised strategy with our retail partners implemented in 2024 and other incentives, including additional incentives announced in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 642 thousand related to the impact of returns reserve recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 Cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 4,479 thousand, or 39.1 , to 15,928 thousand from 11,449 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher shipments of electric motorcycles, in alignment with the increased revenue described above, higher net realizable value adjustments of 2,530 thousand , and increased depreciation expense of 1,540 thousand. These increases were offset by the non-recurrence of a 3,757 thousand provision for a liability for excess inventory components held by H-D that the Company expects to be obligated to reimburse H-D under the terms of the Contract Manufacturing Agreement recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Selling, Administrative and Engineering Expense 
 
 Selling, administrative and engineering expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 4,768 thousand, or 6.4 , to 69,773 thousand from 74,541 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a decrease in product development expense of 6,221 thousand in the current year as 2023 included increased expenses related to the initial development of the S2 platform. Additionally, the Company continues to focus on cost reduction activities in 2024, including decreases of 1,938 thousand in personnel costs in the third quarter of 2023 primarily from headcount reductions in 2024, and 846 thousand from reductions in insurance premiums. These decreases were offset by an increase in depreciation expense of 2,786 thousand, including 863 thousand related to accelerated depreciation on leasehold improvements related to LiveWire Labs resulting from the planned move from Mountain View, California to Milwaukee, Wisconsin. As discussed above, related to the planned move of LiveWire Labs as well as the Company s plan to streamline headcount, the Company recorded 4,669 thousand of expense in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to employee termination benefits and other costs. The Company also recognized a noncash reduction in stock compensation expense of 3,024 thousand during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulting from forfeitures of awards related to employees who terminated during the second and third quarters of 2024. 

30 

STACYC 
 
 The following table presents consolidated results of operations for the STACYC segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Revenue: Electric balance bikes 7,938 16,521 (8,583) (52.0) Parts, accessories and apparel 3,051 2,829 222 7.8 Revenue, net 10,989 19,350 (8,361) (43.2) Cost of goods sold 7,373 12,067 (4,694) (38.9) Gross profit 3,616 7,283 (3,667) (50.4) Operating expenses: Selling, administrative and engineering expense 7,910 7,109 801 11.3 Operating income (loss) (4,294) 174 (4,468) (2,567.8) 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 8,361 thousand, or 43.2 , to 10,989 thousand from 19,350 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in revenue of 8,361 thousand was driven by a 8,025 thousand reduction in electric balance bikes revenue due to lower shipment volumes primarily to our independent distributors and a 558 thousand reduction due to pricing in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This decrease was offset by a 222 thousand increase in parts, accessories and apparel revenue due primarily to increased battery and replacement part sales in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 Cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 4,694 thousand, or 38.9 , to 7,373 thousand from 12,067 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes, in alignment with the decreased revenue described above. 
 
 Selling, Administrative and Engineering Expense 
 
 Selling, administrative and engineering expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 801 thousand, or 11.3 , to 7,910 thousand from 7,109 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increased research and development costs related to new product development of 723 thousand, increased personnel costs of 439 thousand, offset by decreased marketing expense of 281 thousand, and decreased depreciation and amortization of 122 thousand in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 31 

Other Matters 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 The Company is subject to lawsuits and other claims related to product, commercial, employee, environmental and other matters. In determining costs to accrue related to these items, the Company carefully analyzes cases and considers the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes, as well as the potential range of possible loss. Any amounts accrued for these matters are monitored on an ongoing basis and are updated based on new developments or new information as it becomes available for each matter. Refer to Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, in the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the Company's commitments and contingencies. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, LiveWire s cash and cash equivalents were 88,442 thousand and 167,904 thousand, respectively. 
 
 As an early growth company, LiveWire does not expect to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next twelve months. Prior to the Business Combination, H-D supported LiveWire s operating, investing and financing activities. Following the Business Combination, LiveWire received net proceeds of approximately 293.7 million as more fully described below. 
 
 On September 26, 2022, LiveWire consummated the Business Combination with ABIC resulting in net proceeds of approximately 293.7 million. The Company also assumed the Public Warrants and Private Warrants upon consummation of the Business Combination. See further detail in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, Warrant Liabilities. 
 
 In the event of the exercise of any of Warrants for cash, LiveWire will receive the proceeds from such exercise. Assuming the exercise in full of all of Warrants for cash, LiveWire would receive an aggregate of approximately 349.2 million, but would not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise. To the extent any of the Warrants are exercised on a cashless basis, LiveWire will not receive any proceeds upon such exercise. LiveWire expects to use any proceeds it receives from Warrant exercises for general corporate and working capital purposes, which would increase its liquidity. LiveWire believes the likelihood that warrant holders will exercise their Warrants, and therefore the amount of cash proceeds LiveWire would receive, is dependent upon the trading price of its Common Stock. As of September 30, 2024, the reported sales price of Common Stock was 6.10 per share. If the trading price of Common Stock is less than the 11.50 exercise price per share of the Warrants, LiveWire expects that warrant holders will not exercise their Warrants. There is no guarantee the Warrants will be in the money following the time they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, and as such, the Warrants may expire worthless and LiveWire may receive no proceeds from the exercise of Warrants. As a result, LiveWire does not expect to rely on the cash exercise of Warrants to fund its operations and LiveWire does not believe that it needs such proceeds to support working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. LiveWire will continue to evaluate the probability of Warrant exercises and the merit of including potential cash proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants in its future liquidity projections. LiveWire instead currently expects to rely on the sources of funding described below, if available on reasonable terms or at all. 
 
 On February 14, 2024, the Company entered into a Convertible Delayed Draw Term Loan Agreement (the Convertible Term Loan with H-D providing for term loans from H-D to the Company in one or more advances up to an aggregate principal amount of 100 million. The outstanding principal under the Convertible Term Loan bears interest at a floating rate per annum, as calculated by H-D as of the date of each advance and as of each June 1 and December 1 thereafter, equal to the sum of (i) the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR (i.e., the secured overnight financing rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate)) for a 6-month interest period, plus (ii) 4.00 . The Company may elect to pay up to 100 of the amount of any interest due by increasing the outstanding principal amount of the applicable advance. The Convertible Term Loan does not include affirmative covenants impacting the operations of the Company. The Convertible Term Loan includes negative covenants restricting the ability of the Company to incur indebtedness, create liens, sell assets, make investments, make fundamental changes, make dividends or other restricted payments and enter into affiliate transactions. The Convertible Term Loan has a maturity date of the earlier of (i) 24 months from the date of the first draw on the loan or (ii) October 31, 2026. In the event that the Convertible Term Loan cannot be settled in cash by the Company at maturity, unless otherwise agreed between the Company and H-D, the Convertible Term Loan will be converted to equity of Company at a conversion price per share of common stock of the Company equal to 90 of the volume weighted average price per share of Common Stock for the 30 trading days immediately preceding the conversion date. As of September 30, 2024 , there were no amounts outstanding under the Convertible Term Loan and the Company remained in compliance with all of the existing covenants. 
 
 32 

Management believes that cash on hand, including the proceeds received from the Business Combination, and the Convertible Term Loan will provide sufficient liquidity to meet LiveWire s projected obligations, including those related to existing contractual obligations, for at least the next twelve months. 
 
 The Company plans to use its current cash on hand, including the financing raised through the Business Combination, and available funds under the Convertible Term Loan to support its core business operations and strategic plan, invest in new product development, and enhance its global distribution capabilities. LiveWire expects its capital expenditures and working capital requirements to increase in the future, as it grows the business, develops its customer support and marketing infrastructure and expands its product development efforts. 
 
 The Company s material contractual operating cash commitments at September 30, 2024 relate to leases and inventory purchase commitments. In addition, as a result of the Business Combination completed on September 26, 2022, LiveWire will be subject to certain payments in the event minimum purchase commitments under the Contract Manufacturing Agreement with H-D are not met beginning in the year 2025. 
 
 On April 24, 2024, the Company announced a plan to both relocate the operations of LiveWire Labs, the Company s west coast product development facility, from Mountain View, California to Milwaukee, Wisconsin and streamline headcount at the Company. The Company believes this plan will enable synergies and optimize efficiencies in product development and simplify the Company s overall path to future profitability. 
 
 Under this plan, the Company recorded 1,225 thousand and 3,769 thousand of expense in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to employee termination benefits and other costs, of which 1,617 thousand and 2,171 thousand was paid in cash during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 
 In September 2024, continuing its focus on the Company s path to profitability and furthering its strategy, the Company executed a reorganization of its Sales and Marketing function and Product Development and Design function, including consolidating each of these functions under singular leadership and other headcount reductions. In conjunction with this reorganization, the Company recorded 900 thousand of employee termination benefits, primarily severance, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, of which none was paid as of September 30, 2024. 

Cash Flow Activity 
 
 The following table presents condensed highlights from the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net cash used by operating activities (71,990) (55,876) Net cash used by investing activities (6,661) (10,970) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities 
 (927) 1,554 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 116 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (79,462) (65,292) 
 
 The overall decrease in cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was due primarily to cash used for operating activities, as described below. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 The Company had negative cash flow from operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Net cash used by operating activities increased by 16,114 thousand to 71,990 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 55,876 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in negative cash flow from operating activities was primarily driven by unfavorable changes in Accounts payable to related party and Other current assets offset by favorable changes in Accounts receivable, net, Account receivable from related party, and Accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
 
 33 

Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used by investing activities decreased by 4,309 thousand to 6,661 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 10,970 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to higher capital expenditures in 2023 related to investments to support future product development activities. 
 
 The Company expects to fund future cash flows used in investing activities with its current cash on hand, including the financing raised through the Business Combination, and available funds under the Convertible Term Loan. The Company estimates capital expenditures to be between 8 million and 15 million in 2024. 

Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used by financing activities decreased by 2,481 thousand to an outflow 927 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an inflow of 1,554 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 927 thousand cash outflow related to the repurchase of common stock to satisfy withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 There have been no changes to the LiveWire s critical accounting policies and estimates from those described under "Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" in the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Emerging Growth Company Status 
 
 Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can choose not to take advantage of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, and any such election to not take advantage of the extended transition period is irrevocable. 
 
 LiveWire is an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act and has elected to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period for new or revised financial accounting standards, although it may decide to early adopt such new or revised accounting standards to the extent permitted by such standards. This may make it difficult or impossible to compare LiveWire s financial results with the financial results of another public company that is either not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company that has chosen not to take advantage of the extended transition period exemptions because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 
 New Accounting Standards Issued But Not Yet Adopted 
 
 For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2, New Accounting Standards, in the consolidated financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s cash and cash equivalents amounted to 88,442 thousand. The Company manages its liquidity risk by effectively managing its working capital, capital expenditures and cash flows. 
 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk principally consist of accounts receivable. The Company limits its credit risk with respect to accounts receivable by performing credit evaluations and requiring collateral to secure amounts owed to the Company by its customers, each when deemed necessary. 
 
 Inflationary factors, such as cost increases for logistics, manufacturing, raw materials and purchased components, may adversely affect the Company s operating results. Although the Company does not believe inflation has had a material impact on its financial condition given its lower production volumes, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on the Company s ability to improve its gross margin or decrease its operating expenses as a percentage of its revenues if the selling prices of its products do not increase as much or more than its increase in costs. 
 
 34 

The Company may also be exposed to possible disruption of supply or shortage of materials, in particular for lithium-ion battery cells and key semiconductor chip components necessary for electric vehicles, and any inability to purchase raw materials and components could negatively impact the Company s operations. 
 
 The Company sells electric balance bikes and its electric motorcycles and related products internationally, and in most markets, those sales are made in the foreign country s local currency. As a result, the Company s operating results are affected by fluctuations in the values of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies, however, the impact of such fluctuations on the Company s operations to date are not material given the majority of the Company s sales are currently in the U.S. The Company plans to expand its business and operations internationally and expects its exposure to currency rate risk to increase as it grows its international presence. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 In designing and evaluating the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of the disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The information required under this Item 1 of Part II is contained in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Notes to consolidated financial statements, and such information is incorporated herein by reference in this Item 1 of Part II. 
 
 35 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition can be affected by a number of factors, whether current known or unknown, including but not limited to those described as risk factors, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause the Company s actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from past, or anticipated future, results of operation and financial condition. For a discussion of these potential risks and uncertainties, see Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, and the price of the Common Stock. Other than the risk factor set forth below, there have been no material changes to the principal risks that the Company believes are material to the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition from those included in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 If retail partners are unwilling to participate in our go-to-market business model or are unable or ineffective in establishing or maintaining relationships with customers for electric vehicles, it may adversely impact our business. 
 
 We employ a go-to-market business model whereby our revenue is generated primarily by selling at wholesale to a network of independent dealers, which are largely drawn from H-D s traditional motorcycle dealer network, while we also seek to develop new retail partners. We depend on the capability of these retail partners to develop and implement effective retail sales plans to create demand among retail purchasers for our electric vehicles and related products and services that the retail partners may purchase from us. We provide our retail partners with specific training and programs to assist them in selling our products, but there can be no assurance that these steps will be effective. If our retail partners are not able to establish, maintain and strengthen our brand, we may lose the opportunity to build a critical mass of customers. Our retail partners ability to develop, maintain and strengthen their relationships with customers for electric vehicles will depend heavily on our ability to provide high-quality electric vehicles and engage with our customers as intended, as well as the success of our customer development and marketing efforts. The electric vehicle industry is intensely competitive, and we may not be successful in building, maintaining and strengthening our relationship with customers. If we do not develop and maintain a strong brand, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 
 Some of these retail partners may also market, sell and support offerings that may be competitive with ours, may devote more resources to the marketing, sales and support of such competitive offerings or may have incentives to promote other offerings to the detriment of our own. Our retail partners could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability, and reputational harm if, for example, any of our retail partners misrepresents the functionality of our electric vehicles to customers or violates laws or our or their corporate policies. Our ability to achieve revenue growth in the future will depend, in part, on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our retail partners, identifying additional retail partners, including in new markets, and training our retail partners to independently sell our electric vehicles. For example, we recently changed our go-to-market strategy in Europe from selling direct to customers through international partners to selling at wholesale to independent dealers. If our current retail partners in Europe do not commit to our new go-to-market strategy by continuing to be a part of our network going forward, or if we are unable to enter into arrangements with or retain a sufficient number of high-quality retail partners in each of the regions in which we sell our electric vehicles and keep them motivated to sell our electric vehicles, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The LiveWire Group, Inc. 2022 Incentive Award Plan provides that the withholding obligations be settled by the Company retaining shares that are part of the award. During the third quarter of 2024, there were no shares of common stock retained to satisfy withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 36 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 None of our directors or executive officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the third quarter of 2024. 
 37 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 LiveWire Group, Inc. Exhibit Index to Form 10-Q Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Filing Date Exhibit Number Filed/Furnished herewith 2.1 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2021, by and among Harley-Davidson, Inc., AEA-Bridges Impact Corp., LW EV Holdings, Inc., LW EV Merger Sub, Inc. and LiveWire EV, LLC 8-K 001-39584 12/15/2021 2.1 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of LiveWire Group, Inc. 8-K 001-41511 9/30/2022 3.1 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of LiveWire Group, Inc. 8-K 001-41511 9/30/2022 3.2 4.1 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Warrant Agent 8-K 001-39584 10/7/2020 4.4 4.2 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate S-1 333-248785 9/14/2020 4.3 31.1 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
 31.2 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) 
 32.1 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 The annexes, schedules and certain exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted annex, schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 38 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 LiveWire Group, Inc. Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Karim Donnez Karim Donnez Chief Executive Officer Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Tralisa Maraj Tralisa Maraj Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 39 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lvwrexhibit3119-30x2024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certifications 
 
 I, Karim Donnez, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of LiveWire Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 s Karim Donnez Karim Donnez Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lvwrexhibit3129-30x2024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certifications 
 
 I, Tralisa Maraj, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 of LiveWire Group, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 s Tralisa Maraj Tralisa Maraj Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lvwrexhibit3219-30x2024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of LiveWire Group, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to our knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 s Karim Donnez Karim Donnez Chief Executive Officer s Tralisa Maraj Tralisa Maraj Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 lvwr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 lvwr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 lvwr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 lvwr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 lvwr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

