<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_707388_0000707388-24-000181.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10512373</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133364</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1811134</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3629521</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2542252</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2181435</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000707388-24-000181.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119160908
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000707388-24-000181
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STAR EQUITY HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000707388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				330145723
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35947
		FILM NUMBER:		241476125

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		53 FOREST AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			OLD GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06870
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-489-9501

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		53 FOREST AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 101
		CITY:			OLD GREENWICH
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06870

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DIGIRAD CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19821006

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000707388-24-000181.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 star-20240930.htm
 10-Q

star-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 8, 2024, the registrant had shares of Common Stock 0.0001 par value) outstanding. 

STAR EQUITY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 4 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 5 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 45 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 46 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 46 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 46 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 47 

3 

Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Portions of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (including information incorporated by reference) include forward-looking statements based on our current beliefs, expectations, and projections regarding our business strategies, market potential, future financial performance, industry, and other matters. This includes, in particular, Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as other portions of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The words believe, expect, anticipate, project, could, would, and similar expressions, among others, generally identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statements were made. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated, or implied in the forward-looking statements. The most significant of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in Item 1A Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 22, 2024. Except to the limited extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 4 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 5 

STAR EQUITY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands, except for per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Building Solutions Investments Total revenues Cost of revenues: Building Solutions Investments Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Total operating expenses Income (loss) from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Other income (expense), net ) ) Interest income (expense), net Total other income (expense), net ) Income (loss) before income taxes from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (provision) from continuing operations ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (Note 2) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Dividend on Series A perpetual preferred stock ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders Net income (loss) per share Net income (loss) per share, continuing operations Basic and diluted 
 Net income (loss) per share, discontinued operations Basic and diluted Net income (loss) per share Basic and diluted Net income (loss) per share, attributable to common shareholders Basic and diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted Dividends declared per share of Series A perpetual preferred stock 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

STAR EQUITY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 December 31, 2023 Assets: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Investments in equity securities Lumber derivative contracts Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Note receivable, current portion Inventories, net Other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Long term Investments 
 Notes receivable Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued compensation Accrued warranty Deferred revenue Short-term debt Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 
 par value: shares authorized: Series A Preferred Stock, shares authorized, liquidation preference per share), and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Liquidation preference: and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Series C Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding 
 
 7 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding (net of treasury shares) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

STAR EQUITY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: Depreciation of property and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Non-cash lease expense Provision for bad debt, net ) Stock-based compensation Non-cash interest income 
 ) Amortization of loan issuance costs Gain on sale of assets ) ) Gain on disposal of discontinued operations ) Loss (Gain) on equity method investments 
 Impairment of Cost Method Investment Deferred income taxes ) ) Unrealized (gain) loss on equity securities and lumber derivatives Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories ) Other assets ) Accounts payable Accrued compensation ) ) Deferred revenue and billings in excess of costs and estimated profit ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided (used) by operating activities ) Investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Proceeds from sale of property and equipment held for sale Purchases of equity securities ) ) Proceeds from sales of equity securities Net cash received from (paid for) acquisition ) Note receivable repayments Issuance of note receivable 
 ) Net cash provided (used) by investing activities ) Financing activities Proceeds from borrowings Repayment of debt ) ) Proceeds from the sale of common stock, warrants, and exercise of over allotment options Proceeds from the exercise of warrants Repurchase of common stock 
 ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) 
 9 

Repayment of obligations under finance leases ) ) Preferred stock dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided (used) by financing activities ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash including cash within discontinued operations ) Less: net change in cash classified within discontinued operations Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental Information Cash paid during the period for interest Cash paid during the period for income taxes Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 
 Noncash investment in private company Purchase of investment in exchange for preferred stock 
 Noncash property, plant, and equipment obtained in exchange for term loan Noncash right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Issuance of Preferred Stock ) 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

STAR EQUITY HOLDINGS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands) 
 Perpetual Preferred Stock Common stock Treasury Stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued under stock incentive plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Dividends to holders of preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued for fractional shares in conjunction with reverse stock split Dividends to holders of preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued under stock incentive plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Issuance of preferred stock Share purchased through the Stock Buyback Program ) ) ) Dividends to holders of preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 11 

Perpetual Preferred Stock Common stock Treasury Stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued under stock incentive plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes Dividends to holders of preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued under stock incentive plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes Dividends to holders of preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares issued under stock incentive plans, net of shares withheld for employee taxes ) ) Dividends to holders of preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) Proceeds received from warrant exercise Net income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 12 

STAR EQUITY HOLDINGS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 On May 17, 2024, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Timber Technologies Inc. and Timber Properties, LLC collectively, TT (see Note 12. Mergers and Acquisitions ). 
 On June 12, 2024, we executed a one-for-five reverse stock split which became effective June 14, 2024. All of our historical share and per share information related to issued and outstanding common stock and outstanding options and warrants exercisable for common stock in these financial statements have been adjusted retroactively (see Note 15. Equity Transactions ). 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we entered into sale and leaseback agreements for properties. (see Note 6. Leases ). 
 On August 9, 2024, we completed an investment in Enservco Corporation Enservco (the Investment in Enservco pursuant to a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement in which we agreed to issue shares of our Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock STRRP representing million of value, to Enservco, in exchange for Enservco common shares, representing of the equity interests of Enservco (the Enservco Common Shares ), and newly issued Enservco Cumulative Mandatorily Convertible Series A preferred shares (the Enservco Preferred Shares and certain options included in the Share Exchange Agreement. Enservco also agreed to appoint one Company representative to the Enservco board of directors. We also issued a short-term million promissory note (the Note to Enservco to facilitate Enservco s acquisition of Buckshot Trucking, LLC. The Note is collateralized by the STRRP shares issued to Enservco. See Note 5. Supplementary Balance Sheet Information for further discussion of the Enservco Investment and the Note. 
 The Company 
 Star Equity Holdings, Inc. Star Equity, the Company, we, or our is a multi-industry diversified holding company with divisions: Building Solutions (formerly known as Construction) and Investments. Our common stock and preferred stock are listed on the NASDAQ Global Market exchange as STRR and STRRP, respectively. 
 13 

insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). We have not experienced any credit losses associated with our cash balances. Additionally, we have established guidelines regarding diversification of our investments and their maturities, which are designed to maintain principal and maximize liquidity. As of September 30, 2024, we had million of cash in excess of FDIC insured limits. 
 Specifically, we have reclassified million of net property and equipment to assets held for sale for comparability purposes. 

Note 2. 
 of the issued and outstanding shares of Digirad Health, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein and (ii) the Company contributed to Parent of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of Digirad Health (the Contributed Shares in exchange for New Units (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) of Parent (the TTG Transaction ). The total aggregate consideration payable to the Company for the TTG Transaction was million, comprised of million million less payoff of debt to Webster Bank (see Note 8. Debt and transaction costs) in cash, a million promissory note (see Note 5. Supplementary Balance Sheet Information ), and million of New Units in the Parent (see Note 5. Supplementary Balance Sheet Information ). The Company completed the sale of Digirad Health simultaneously with entering into the Purchase Agreement. 
 We deemed the disposition of Digirad Health, which operated our Healthcare business unit, to represent a strategic shift that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. As of the date of these financial statements, the results of operations of the Healthcare business unit represent discontinued operations in accordance with GAAP (ASC 205-20-45-1B). As such, the assets and liabilities, as well as the earnings, of the discontinued operation are presented separately in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, as applicable, for all periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, discussion within the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations relates to continuing operations. 
 Our variable interest entity VIE ), for which we were not the primary beneficiary, was disposed of as part of the sale of our Healthcare division. This VIE was in a small private company that is primarily involved in research related to new heart imaging technologies. 
 14 

Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative (Gain) loss on disposal of discontinued operations ) Total operating expenses ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations Other (expense) income, net ) Interest expense, net ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes Income tax benefit (provision) ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) 
 The following table presents the significant operating, investing and financing activities from discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Operating activities Net income (loss) from discontinued operations Depreciation Non-cash lease expense Write-off of borrowing costs (Gain) loss on disposal of discontinued operations ) Share-based compensation (Gain) Loss on disposal of assets Provision for bad debt Deferred income taxes ) Accounts receivable Inventory ) Other assets Accounts payable Accrued compensation ) Deferred revenue ) Operating lease liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 15 

Assets of the businesses ) Liabilities of the businesses Pre-tax gain on the disposition 
 
 Note 3. 
 Total Revenues Timing of Revenue Recognition Services and goods transferred at a point in time Total Revenues 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Building Solutions 
 Total Building Solutions 
 Total Major Goods/Service Lines Building Solutions Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 Total Revenues Timing of Revenue Recognition Services and goods transferred at a point in time Total Revenues 
 Deferred Revenue 
 Revenue recognized that was included in balance at beginning of the year ) Deferred revenue, net, related to contracts entered into during the year Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 16 

Note 4.) ) ) ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax (Note 2) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Dividend on Series A perpetual preferred stock ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding Weighted average prefunded warrants outstanding Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 
 Net income (loss) per share Continuing operations Basic and diluted 
 Discontinued operations Basic and diluted Net income (loss) per share Basic and diluted Net income (loss) per share, attributable to common shareholders Basic and diluted 
 Antidilutive common stock equivalents are excluded from the computation of diluted income (loss) per share. 
 Restricted stock units Stock warrants Total 
 All share amounts reflect 1 for 5 reverse stock split effective June 14, 2024, retroactively 
 17 

Note 5. 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Total inventories Less reserve for excess and obsolete inventories Total inventories, net 
 Property and Equipment 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Gross property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 As of September 30, 2024, the non-operating land and buildings, held for investments, had a carry value of million and was included within property and equipment on the condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Warranty Reserves 
 Within our Building Solutions division, KBS Builders, Inc. KBS provides a limited assurance warranty on its residential homes that covers substantial defects in materials or workmanship for a period of months after delivery to the owner. EdgeBuilder, Inc. EdgeBuilder provides a limited warranty on the sale of its wood foundation products that covers leaks resulting from defects in workmanship for a period of . Timber Technologies Solutions, Inc TT provides a limited warranty to the original buyer of its products, qualified by the original buyer s obligation to ensure that the products are properly handled, stored, and installed. Estimated future warranty costs are accrued and charged to cost of goods sold in the period that the related revenue is recognized. 
 Notes Receivable 
 Enservco Note (refer to Investment in Enservco 
 MDOS Note KBS Customer Note Total note receivable 
 Less current portion 
 Note receivable, net of current portion 
 
 18 

million promissory note which represents an unsecured note receivable on our balance sheet. The note has a maturity date of May 3, 2029 with payment-in-kind (non-cash) interest on the outstanding principal balance hereof to accrue at the Interest Rate. The full balance is scheduled to be paid at the maturity date. The Interest Rate is defined as (i) during the period from the date of issuance of the note through the third anniversary of the date of issuance of the note, a per annum rate equal to the sum of (x) per annum plus (y) the greater of per annum and the weighted average term SOFR-based interest rate of outstanding loans under the Senior Loan Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) during such period, and (ii) during the period following the third anniversary of the date of issuance of the note, a per annum rate equal to the sum of (x) per annum plus (y) the greater of per annum and the weighted average term SOFR-based interest rate of outstanding loans under the Senior Loan Agreement during such period. 
 In 2021 we completed the sale of MD Office Solutions in exchange for a secured promissory note (the MDOS Note ). This note, the principal of which is approximately million at September 30, 2024, is included in Notes receivable, current portion and Notes receivable in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2024 for million and million, respectively. The MDOS Note requires quarterly installments of thousand and incurs interest at a fixed rate of through maturity in 2028. 
 In 2023, KBS executed a customer promissory note, incurring interest per annum (the KBS Customer Note ). The KBS Customer Note, which has a maturity date with full payment due of October 19, 2024, is included in Notes receivable, current portion in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024. KBS is currently in discussion with the customer regarding payment, and believes no reserve is necessary. 
 The Company evaluates its notes receivable portfolio under the Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) model and determined that no allowance for credit losses was necessary as of September 30, 2024. 
 Long Term Investments 
 Investment in Enservco-Common Stock Equity Method Investment in Enservco-Preferred Stock Equity Method Investment in Enservco-Call Option 
 Equity Method Total 
 
 Investment in TTG 
 As a part of the sale of Digirad Health, we received million in the common equity of TTG Parent LLC (our Cost Method Investment ), which is held in our Investments Segment. We have elected the measurement alternative under ASC 321, Investments-Equity Securities . The measurement alternative election allows for equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair values to be recorded at cost, with adjustments for impairment and certain observable price changes reflected in earnings. Such securities are adjusted to fair value when an observable price change occurs or impairment is identified. As of September 30, 2024, we have recorded a total impairment to the Cost Method Investment in the amount of million, including the impairment recorded in the third quarter of 2024 of million. We recorded the impairment as we considered the financial performance of TTG Parent LLC relative to the average earnings from comparable companies. This impairment is recorded as a part of selling, general and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Investment in Enservco 
 As discussed in Note 1. Basis of Presentation, on August 9, 2024, we completed an Investment in Enservco which consisted of Enservco Common Stock, Enservco Preferred Stock, and certain other options reflected in the Share Exchange Agreement, and the Enservco Note Receivable. 
 Under the Share Exchange Agreement, we have additional purchase rights (a call option ), but not obligations, including.the -month option to participate in any financings to maintain the pro-rata ownership interest in Enservco.and the -month option to exchange another million of STRRP for additional shares of Enservco common stock. 
 19 

million promissory note (the Enservco Note which represents a note receivable on our balance sheet. This Enservco Note is secured by shares of our Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value per share, pursuant to the terms of a pledge agreement. The Enservco Note bears interest at a rate of per annum, accruing from the Issuance Date. The Principal Amount of the Enservco Note, together with all accrued but unpaid interest, is due and payable in full from the Issuance Date, unless extended in increments by mutual agreement between us and Enservco (the Maturity Date ). The Maturity Date will be automatically extended to from the Issuance Date in the event Enservco repays a minimum of of the Principal Amount by the third month from the Issuance Date and the Maturity Date will be automatically extended to the fifth month from the Issuance Date in the event Enservco repays a minimum of before four months from the Issuance Date. There are no penalties for prepayment of the Enservco Note. We determined the fair value of the Enservco Note using a discounted cash flow model. The discount rate used in the cash flow model was and is a Level 3 fair value input, as it is unobservable. As of November 9, 2024, the Enservco note went into default; we are in discussions with Enservco regarding a waiver. 
 This represents an investment in a variable interest entity VIE ).However, we have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary. As a result, the operations and financial position Enservco are not included in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 The Investment in Enservco is required to be accounted for using the equity method of accounting under ASC 323, Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures , as we are deemed to have significant influence over Enservco based upon GAAP rules. Pursuant to the guidance in ASC 323, we elected the fair value option pursuant to ASC 825-10-15, wherein the financial instrument is initially measured at estimated fair value as of the transaction issue date and then subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value as of each reporting period balance sheet date, with changes in the estimated fair value recognized as other income (expense) in the statement of operations. 
 Our initial valuation of the Investment in Enservco for the common and preferred shares was based upon the market price at the transaction date. The fair value of the preferred shares on a per-unit basis was determined to approximate the fair value of the common shares after consideration of the features and benefits of the preferred shares. In forming this determination, we considered a number of objective and subjective factors, including third-party valuations and company specific economic outlook. To determine the fair value of the call option, the Company used the Black-Scholes option pricing model taking the stock price of at the date of acquisition and at September 30, 2024, a twelve-month risk-free yield of and a volatility of observed in Enservco s historical common stock price history. As a result, the call option is included in the Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Because we elected the fair value option to account for our equity method Investment in Enservco, we determined the fair value of the Common Stock using the closing price of Enservco s common shares as of the end of the period, which is a Level 1 fair value input. The market value of our Common Stock Investment in Enservco at September 30, 2024, based on quoted market prices, was million. We determined the fair value of the Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock by considering a number of objective and subjective factors, including third-party valuations and a company-specific economic outlook. As a result, the Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock is included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 We hold the Investment in Enservco in the Investments Segment.. As of September 30, 2024, we owned shares of Common Stock and shares of Mandatorily Convertible Preferred Stock, representing approximately of the total outstanding Enservco Common Stock assuming all preferred stock was converted. At September 30, 2024, the total fair value of the Investment in Enservco was approximately million. The unrealized loss in our condensed consolidated statements of income related to our Investment in Enservco was thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Note 6. 
 year to years. Some of the leases include options to extend the leases and some of which include options to terminate the lease within year. Operating leases and finance leases are included separately in the condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 We entered into the following Sale Leaseback Transactions in the third quarter of 2024 Sale Leasebacks ). 
 20 

million in cash, net of closing costs, withholding taxes and security deposits, which was paid at the closing. Simultaneously we entered into a commercial single-tenant triple net lease (the 300 Park Lease Agreement with 300 Park Buyer, pursuant to which KBS leased back from 300 Park Buyer the Maine Property for a year term, unless earlier terminated or extended for renewal terms of years each in accordance with the terms of the 300 Park Lease Agreement. The 300 Park Lease agreement contains certain provisions that provide the 300 Park Buyer with the right of first negotiation on future expansion, development or sale leaseback opportunities and the right of first negotiation if we wish to sell any KBS assets, stock, membership interest or other equity interest on the property. The 300 Park Lease also provides us with right of first negotiation in the event of a proposed sale of the Maine Premises. In connection with the 300 Park Lease, we paid an thousand security deposit which will be repaid to us upon meeting certain EBITDA thresholds. We recognized a gain on the sale of the Maine Premises in the third quarter of 2024 of approximately million. 
 On July 19, 2024, we sold our facility at 791 Rose Drive, Big Lake, Minnesota (the Big Lake Premises ), together with any fixtures and other items of real property, to HJ Development L.L.P 791 Rose Buyer ). The total net consideration, after closing costs, related to the 791 Rose Sale and Leaseback Agreement was million in cash, net of closing costs, withholding taxes and security deposits, which was paid at the closing. Simultaneously we entered into a commercial single-tenant triple net lease (the 791 Rose Lease Agreement with 791 Rose Buyer, pursuant to which EBGL leased back from 791 Rose Buyer the Big Lake Property for a year term, unless earlier terminated or extended for an additional years in accordance with the terms of the 791 Rose Lease Agreement. We recognized a gain on the sale of the Big Lake Premises in the third quarter of 2024 of approximately million. 
 These Sale Leasebacks meet the qualification of operating leases under ASC 842, Leases in that (i) they do not automatically transfer title to the lessee at the end of the lease term; (ii) they do not contain a bargain purchase option; (iii) the lease term is not for a major part of the estimated remaining useful life of the asset; (iv) the present value of the lease payments does not represent substantially all of the fair value of the underlying assets; and (v) the underlying assets are not of such a specialized nature that are assumed to have no alternative use to the lessor at the end of the lease term. 
 We used our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate for these sale leaseback transactions, as the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. We estimated our incremental borrowing rate based on our Company credit rating, adjusted for the lease s term and the collateralized nature of the lease obligations. Lease extensions are not reasonably certain of being exercised. As such, we have not included such extensions in determining our incremental borrowing rate or in our initial valuation of the lease assets and liabilities. 
 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of finance lease assets Interest on finance lease liabilities Total finance lease cost 
 21 

Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases 
 Finance leases Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 We are committed to making future cash payments on non-cancelable operating leases and finance leases (including interest). 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less amounts representing interest Present value of lease obligations 
 22 

Note 7. 
 
 Lumber derivative contracts Investment in Enservco 
 BLL acquisition related earn-out 
 ) ) Total 
 Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets (Liabilities): Equity securities Lumber derivative contracts BLL acquisition related earn-out 
 ) ) Total ) 
 Purchases Interest accrual 
 Unrealized gain (loss) 
 ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 Change in fair value of earn-out 
 Ending Balance 
 
 Equity Securities 
 The investment in equity securities consists of common stock of publicly traded companies. The fair value of these securities is based on the closing prices observed on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and recorded in Investments in equity securities in the condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded an unrealized loss of thousand and loss of thousand, respectively, resulting from market fluctuations, recorded in other income (expense), net in the condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 23 

) Realized gain (loss) on equity securities ) Total gain (loss) on equity securities ) 
 Lumber Derivative Contracts 
 We may enter into lumber derivative contracts in order to protect our gross profit margins from fluctuations caused by lumber price volatility. Such contracts, which are generally entered into to protect the gross margins on our wall panel contracts at EdgeBuilder and Glenbrook Building Supply, Inc. Glenbrook and referred to jointly with EdgeBuilder as EBGL ), are recorded within current assets or liabilities in the condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded a net loss of thousand and a net loss of thousand, respectively, in the cost of goods sold in the condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2024, we had a net long (buying) position of board feet under lumber derivatives contracts. As of December 31, 2023, we had a net long (buying) position of board feet under lumber derivatives contracts.) Realized gain (loss) on lumber derivatives ) ) Total gain (loss) on lumber derivatives ) ) 
 Investment in Enservco 
 As discussed in detail in Note 5. Supplementary Balance Sheet Information, the Investment in Enservco consists of Enservco Common Stock, Enservco Preferred Stock, a call option, and the Enservco Note. The fair value of the Enservco Common Stock is based on the closing price of Enservco s common shares as of the end of the period, which is a Level 1 fair value input. The fair value of the Enservco Preferred Stock was based on the consideration of a number of objective and subjective factors, including third-party valuations and a company-specific economic outlook. As a result, the Enservco Preferred Stock is included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. To determine the fair value of the call option, the Company used the Black-Scholes option pricing model which is included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the Enservco Note was determined using a discounted cash flow model, which is a Level 3 fair value input, as it is unobservable. 
 The unrealized loss in our condensed consolidated statements of income related to our Investment in Enservco was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 BLL Acquisition Earn-out 
 As discussed in Note 12. Mergers and Acquisitions , we estimated the fair value of the earn-out for the BLL acquisition, which is determined using estimates of forecasted operations and other assumptions, was million as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the earn-out for the BLL Acquisition is based on Level 3 inputs of the fair value hierarchy. Key assumptions used in calculating the earn-out include a risk-free ranging from to over the earn-out period, and a discount rate ranging from to . 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 As discussed in Note 5. Supplementary Balance Sheet Information , we have recorded a non recurring total impairment to our Cost Method Investment in the amount of million, including the impairment recorded in the third quarter of 2024 of million. To determine the fair value of the Cost Method Investment per ASC 321, we considered the change in observable inputs based on the financial performance of TTG Parent LLC valued based on the last twelve months LTM adjusted EBITDA with a valuation multiple of comparable publicly traded companies. This impairment is recorded as a part of selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. This Cost Method Investment is accounted for under the Measurement Alternative permitted under ASC 321. At September 30, 2024, the Cost Method Investment has a value of million 
 
 24 

Note 8. 
 Revolving Credit Facility - KeyBank KBS Total Short-term Revolving Credit Facilities Bridgewater - TT Term Loan Term Loan Secured by Mortgage Total Short-term debt Bridgewater - TT Term Loan, net of current portion Term Loan Secured by Mortgage, net of current portion Long Term Debt, net of current portion Total Debt 
 Premier Facility 
 On August 16, 2023, EdgeBuilder and Glenbrook (referred to herein as the EBGL Borrowers ), entered into a Revolving Credit Loan Agreement with Premier Bank Premier ), which was subsequently amended on December 5, 2023 to provide the EBGL Borrowers with a working capital line of credit of up to million (the Premier Loan Agreement ). Availability under the Premier Loan Agreement is based on a formula tied to the EBGL Borrowers eligible accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. Borrowings under the Premier Loan Agreement bear interest at the prime rate plus (and a minimum interest rate of ), with interest payable monthly and the outstanding principal balance payable upon expiration of the term of the Premier Loan Agreement. The Premier Loan Agreement also provides for certain fees payable to Premier during its term. The initial term of the Premier Loan Agreement expires on December 5, 2024 but may be extended from time to time at the request of the EBGL Borrowers, subject to approval by Premier. The EBGL Borrowers obligations under the Premier Loan Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and secured by all of their inventory, equipment, accounts and other intangibles. As of September 30, 2024, availability under the Premier Loan Agreement was approximately million. Premier holds thousand of restricted cash associated with the Premier Facility. 
 Financial covenants associated with the Premier Loan Agreement require that the EBGL Borrowers annually maintain (a) a debt service coverage ratio for any calendar year of less than ; (b) a debt-to-equity ratio at the end of each calendar year in excess of ; (c) a fixed charge coverage ratio at the end of each calendar year of less than ; (d) working capital of at least million; and (e) a current ratio of at least . As of December 31, 2023, the EBGL Borrowers were not in compliance with the annual Premier Loan Agreement covenants. The EBGL Borrowers have obtained a waiver from Premier for the annual covenant breach as of December 31, 2023. 
 KeyBank Facility 
 On April 24, 2024, KBS entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the KeyBank Loan Agreement with KeyBank National Association KeyBank providing KBS with a working capital line of credit of up to million, subject to the conditions and procedures set forth in the KeyBank Loan Agreement. All borrowings under the KeyBank Loan Agreement bear interest at the Adjusted Daily SOFR Rate (as defined in the KeyBank Loan Agreement) plus , with interest payable monthly and the outstanding principal balance payable on April 30, 2025 (the Maturity Date ). The KeyBank Loan Agreement also provides for certain fees payable to KeyBank during its term. The initial term of the KeyBank Loan Agreement expires on the Maturity Date but may be extended from time to time at the request of KBS, subject to approval by KeyBank. KBS obligations under the KeyBank Loan Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and secured by all of KBS inventory, equipment, accounts and other intangibles, and all proceeds of the foregoing. Simultaneous with the execution of the KeyBank Loan Agreement, the Company entered into that certain Guaranty, dated April 24, 2024 (the Guaranty ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to guarantee all amounts borrowed by KBS under the KeyBank Loan Agreement. 
 Financial covenants require that KBS maintain a ratio of its Operating Cash Flow to its Total Fixed Charges of at least to 1.0 measured quarterly for the preceding twelve month period, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024, and for each subsequent fiscal quarter thereafter. 
 25 

million at September 30, 2024 and KBS repaid the balance in full subsequent to quarter end. Failure to regain compliance or obtain a waiver may impact KBS s ability to borrow on the line. 
 Term Loan Secured by Mortgage 
 On June 28, 2024, in connection with our acquisition of substantially all of the assets used in the business of Timber Technologies, Inc. which closed on May 17, 2024, Timber Properties, LLC Timber Properties ), an affiliate of the Seller, sold to 106 Bremer, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company 106 Bremer ), all of Timber Properties Owned Real Property pursuant to a Real Estate Sales Agreement for million plus closing costs. 
 In connection with the purchase of the Owned Real Property, on June 28, 2024, 106 Bremer issued a Promissory Note in the principal amount of million (the TT Property Note secured by a Mortgage (the TT Property Mortgage on the Owned Real Property to Timber Properties. All borrowings under the TT Property Note bear interest at , with interest payable quarterly and the outstanding principal balance payable on June 29, 2034. 
 Bridgewater Facility 
 In connection with the completion of the TT Acquisition, on May 17, 2024, Timber Technologies Solutions, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Borrower ), entered into a Loan Agreement (the Bridgewater Loan Agreement with Bridgewater Bank Bridgewater and issued a Term Promissory Note to Bridgewater in the amount of million thereunder (the Facility ). All borrowings under the Facility bear interest at , with interest payable monthly and the outstanding principal balance payable on May 20, 2029 (the Maturity Date ). The Bridgewater Loan Agreement also provides for certain fees payable to Bridgewater during its term, certain of which have been prepaid at closing. The Borrower s obligations under the Facility are guaranteed by the Company and secured by all of the Borrower s inventory, equipment, accounts and other intangibles, and all proceeds of the foregoing. 
 In connection with the Bridgewater Loan agreement, an amount of million was required to be deposited with Bridgewater and be under the sole dominion and control of Bridgewater, and the Company shall not have any control over the use of, or any right to withdraw any amount of the restricted deposit. In the event that the Company maintains compliance with all of the financial covenants set forth in the Bridgewater Loan Agreement for four consecutive measurement dates, Bridgewater shall release a portion of the deposit. The million deposit is recorded in Other Assets in the condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Financial covenants require that TT maintain (i) a ratio of Cash Flow to Total Fixed Charges of not less than to 1.00 as measured on each applicable Measurement Date on a trailing twelve (12) month basis; the first Measurement Date is September 30, 2024; (ii) maintain a ratio of Senior Funded Debt to trailing twelve (12) month Adjusted EBITDA not to exceed to 1.00 as measured on each applicable Measurement Date for a Measurement Period; the first Measurement Date is June 30, 2025; (iii) maintain a ratio of Total Funded Debt to trailing twelve (12) month adjusted EBITDA not to exceed to 1.00 as measured on each applicable Measurement Date for a Measurement Period; the first Measurement Date is June 30, 2025. TT was in compliance with the Cash Flow to Total Fixed Charges covenant as of September 30, 2024. 
 Webster Credit Facility 
 On March 29, 2019, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Webster Loan Agreement by and among certain subsidiaries of the Company, as borrowers, the Company, as guarantor, and Sterling National Bank Sterling ). On February 1, 2022, Sterling became part of Webster Bank, N.A. Webster ), and Webster became the successor in interest to the Webster Loan Agreement. The Webster Loan Agreement was also subject to a limited guarantee by Mr. Eberwein, the Executive Chairman of our board of directors. 
 The Webster Loan Agreement was a credit facility maturing in March 2024, with a maximum credit amount of million for revolving loans (the Webster Credit Facility ). In connection with the sale of our Healthcare business on May 4, 2023, we paid all amounts due and closed the Webster Credit Facility. 
 eCapital Credit Facilities 
 The EBGL Borrowers were parties to a Loan and Security Agreement with eCapital Asset Based Lending Corp. eCapital providing for a million credit facility with a maturity date of June 2023 and an auto-renewal of thereafter. KBS was a party to a Loan and Security Agreement with eCapital, providing up to million in working capital, which was scheduled to mature and renew automatically for a period of moving forward. During the second quarter of 2023, we closed these credit facilities and have remaining debt balance with eCapital. 
 26 

million, bearing interest at the prime rate plus per annum, and maturing on January 31, 2025, unless terminated in accordance with the terms therein. During the second quarter of 2023, we closed this credit facility and have remaining debt balance with eCapital. 
 
 Note 9. 
 
 Note 10. 
 thousand and an income tax expense of thousand within continuing operations. We also recorded an income tax expense of thousand within discontinued operations for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded an income tax benefit of thousand and an income tax expense of thousand within continuing operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 we also recorded an income tax expense of thousand within discontinued operations. 
 The tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily relates to our January 2022 ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), which required us to establish an additional valuation allowance on net operating losses that the Company cannot utilize in the future. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had unrecognized tax benefits of approximately thousand related to uncertain tax positions. Included in the unrecognized tax benefits were thousand of tax benefits that, if recognized, would reduce our annual effective tax rate, subject to the valuation allowance. 
 
 27 

Note 11. 
 reportable segments, reflecting the manner in which our CODM assesses performance and allocates resources: 
 1. Building Solutions 
 2. Investments 
 Prior to the sale of Digirad Health on May 4, 2023, we also had a Healthcare segment. 
 Our reporting segments have been determined based on the nature of the products and services offered to customers or the nature of their function in the organization. We evaluate performance based on gross profit and operating income (loss). Our operating costs included in our shared service functions primarily consist of senior executive officers, finance, human resources, legal, and information technology. Star Equity shared service corporate costs have been separated from the reportable segments. Prior period presentation previously disclosed conforms to current year presentation. 
 Investments Intersegment elimination ) ) ) ) Consolidated revenue Gross profit (loss) by segment: Building Solutions 
 Investments Intersegment elimination ) ) ) ) Consolidated gross profit Income (loss) from operations by segment: Building Solutions 
 ) ) ) Investments ) ) ) ) Corporate, eliminations and other ) ) ) ) Segment income (loss) from operations ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization by segment: Building Solutions 
 Investments Star Equity corporate Total depreciation and amortization 
 28 

Note 12. 
 million consisting of cash paid at closing of million, million of escrow funds included in accrued liabilities, and a Term Loan Secured by a Mortgage of million. The initial purchase price was subject to a standard working capital adjustment and other customary closing adjustments to be settled within 45 days post close. During the third quarter of 2024 we resolved the working capital provisions which resulted in a payment to the seller of thousand. This settlement resulted in a corresponding increase to the goodwill recognized in this transaction. We are also subject to payments due to the sellers contingent upon the achievement of certain EBITDA metrics over a -year period which may result in total payments not to exceed million, of which is payable in cash and of which is payable in Series A Preferred Stock. These payments are also contingent upon the continued employment of the individuals. We have concluded that these payments are akin to compensation and will be recorded if and as such compensation is earned. We have restricted million of cash associated with the escrow funds payable to the sellers within 12 months after the acquisition as defined in the escrow agreement. 
 In accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , we accounted for this transaction as a business combination and recorded the acquired assets of TT at fair value. The valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed has not yet been finalized as of September 30, 2024. The purchase price allocation is preliminary and subject to change, including the valuation of property and equipment, intangible assets, income taxes, and goodwill, among other items. The amounts recognized will be finalized as the information necessary to complete the analysis is obtained, but no later than one year after the acquisition date. Finalization of the valuation during the measurement period could result in a change in the amounts recorded for the acquisition date fair value. This business is reported as part of our Building Solutions segment. 
 Inventory, net Other current assets Property and equipment, net Intangibles Net assets acquired Goodwill Purchase price 
 million of identified intangible assets was allocated as follows (in thousands): 
 Fair Value Useful Life (years) Trade Names Customer Relationships Backlog Fair value of identified intangible assets 
 Goodwill and intangibles of million and million, respectively, were assigned to the Building Solutions segment. The goodwill recognized is attributable primarily to expected synergies and the assembled workforce of TT. 
 The Company recognized million of acquisition related costs including legal and accounting that were expensed in 2024. 
 29 

Gross profit Net income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) ) 
 These amounts have been calculated after applying the Company s accounting policies and adjusting the results of TT to reflect the additional depreciation and amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets had been applied on January 1, 2024, together with the consequential tax effects. 
 Big Lake Lumber 
 On October 31, 2023, we acquired, through certain wholly owned subsidiaries, the assets and liabilities of Big Lake Lumber Inc. BLL for consideration consisting of cash of million and an earn-out provision of up to million. As a result of this transaction, EBGL expanded its market share of the Greater Minneapolis area. BLL s operations were integrated into and became part of Glenbrook s operations. The earn-out provision, which is accounted for as a contingent liability, is based on a specific gross profit threshold with a measurement period of to begin one year after the closing date of the acquisition and can potentially amount to up to million for each of the two years, subject to certain limitations. The estimated fair value of the earn-out, which is determined using estimates of forecasted operations and other assumptions, was million as of the acquisition date. We recorded an increase to the fair value of the earn-out of million which is reflected in Accrued Liabilities on our condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2024 and is reflected in operating expenses on our condensed Consolidated Income Statement. 
 In accordance with ASC 805, we accounted for this transaction as a business combination and recorded the assets and liabilities of BLL at fair value. The fair value of the net assets acquired amounted to approximately million at the date of acquisition, and as a result, we recorded a gain of million on our 2023 Consolidated Statement of Operations related to the excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired over the acquisition price. This excess is referred to as a bargain purchase. This bargain purchase indicates that the fair value of the net assets acquired (which represents the price at which the assets would be exchanged between a willing buyer and seller) was in excess of the amount for which we acquired such net assets. As a result of the bargain purchase, we reassessed the recognition and measurement of net identifiable assets acquired and determined the valuation procedures applied and resulting measurements of the net identifiable assets were appropriate. We believe the seller was motivated to complete the sale as part of its overall business strategy of exiting the market segment. 
 Fair Value of Earn-out Provision Total consideration Purchase Price allocation Inventories, net Accounts receivable Property and equipment Intangible assets Deferred tax liability ) Fair value allocated to net assets acquired Bargain purchase gain ) 
 30 

Gross Profit (loss) Net Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) 
 
 Note 13. 
 shares of Common Stock, representing approximately of our outstanding Common Stock. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, Mr. Eberwein owned shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Note 14. 
 per annum of the liquidation preference of per share. Dividends are payable quarterly, in arrears, by the last calendar day of March, June, September and December to holders of record at the close of business on the first day of each payment month. The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible and does not have any voting rights, except when dividends are in arrears for or more consecutive quarters, then the holders of those shares together with holders of all other series of preferred stock equal in rank would be entitled to vote separately as a class for the election of additional directors to board of directors, until all dividends accumulated on such shares of Series A Preferred Stock for the past dividend periods and the dividend for the current dividend period shall have been fully paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for payment. The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to redemption by the Company. 
 On each of February 16, 2024, May 21, 2024 and August 16, 2024, our board of directors declared a cash dividend to holders of our Series A Preferred Stock of per share, for an aggregate amount of approximately million. The record dates for these dividend payments were March 1, 2024, June 1, 2024, and September 1, 2024, respectively, and the payment dates were March 11, 2024, June 11, 2024, and September 10, 2024, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we are current on our preferred dividend payments. 
 
 Note 15. 
 million warrants were exercised and million warrants remained outstanding, which represents million shares of common stock equivalents, at an exercise price of . For every 1 warrant of a share shall be issued. 
 As of September 30, 2024, of the warrants issued through the public offering we closed on January 24, 2022, there were million warrants outstanding at an exercise price of , and prefunded warrants outstanding. The million prefunded warrants were exercised at per share in the third quarter of 2023. For every 1 warrant of a share shall be issued. 
 On August 7, 2024, the Company s Board authorized a stock buyback program for the repurchase of up to million of the Company s common stock. The Company repurchased million worth, or shares, of its common stock during the third quarter of 2024. Under the new stock repurchase program, the Company intends to repurchase shares through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block purchases, or otherwise in accordance with federal securities laws, including Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 
 31 

Note 16. 
 right (a Right to purchase one one-thousandth of a share of a new series of participating preferred stock of the Company. Each right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series C Participating Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series C Preferred Stock ), at an exercise price of 12.00 per one one-thousandth of a share of Series C Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment. 
 The terms of the Rights are set forth in the Tax Benefit Preservation Plan (the Rights Plan ). The Rights Plan is intended to diminish the risk that our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future federal income tax obligations may become substantially limited due to an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 The Company also has a provision in its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation which generally prohibits transfers of its common stock that could result in an ownership change. 
 The rights will become exercisable following (i) days after a public announcement that a person or group has become an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Plan); and (ii) business days (or a later date determined by the board of directors) after a person or group begins a tender or an exchange offer that, if completed, would result in that person or group becoming an Acquiring Person. 
 In addition, upon the occurrence of certain events, the exercise price of the rights would be adjusted and holders of the rights (other than rights owned by an acquiring person or group) would be entitled to purchase common stock at approximately half of market value. Given the potential adjustment of the exercise price of the rights, the rights could cause substantial dilution to a person or group that acquires or more of common stock on terms not approved by the board of directors. 
 The Rights will expire on the earliest of (i) August 21, 2027, which is the third anniversary of the date on which our Board of Directors authorized and declared a dividend of the rights, or such earlier date as of which the Board determines that the Rights Plan is no longer necessary for the preservation of the Company s tax benefits, (ii) the time at which the Rights are redeemed, (iii) the time at which the Rights are exchanged, (iv) the effective time of the repeal of Section 382 of the Code or any successor statute if the Board determines that the Rights Plan is no longer necessary for the preservation of the Company s tax benefits, (v) the first day of a taxable year to which the Board determines that no NOLs or other tax benefits may be carried forward, and (vi) the day following the certification of the voting results of the Company s 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, if stockholder approval of the Rights Plan has not been obtained prior to that date. 
 The Board may redeem all (but not less than all) of the Rights for a redemption price of per Right at any time before a person or group has become an Acquiring Person. Once the Rights are redeemed, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate, and the only right of the holders of such Rights will be to receive the redemption price. The redemption price will be adjusted if the Company declares a stock split or issues a stock dividend on common stock. There is no impact to financial results as a result of the adoption of the Rights Plan for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 32 

Note 17. 
 million plus closing costs. Edgebuilder currently leases the Prescott Premises from the Property Owner. 
 On October 18, 2024, we entered into a purchase and sale agreement (the DWG Purchase Agreement with DWG Capital Partners, LLC DWG ), an unaffiliated third party, pursuant to which the parties agreed to consummate a sale and leaseback transaction. Under the terms of the DWG Purchase Agreement, we agreed to sell the Prescott Premises to DWG, for a total purchase price of million, less transaction commissions and expenses incurred in connection with the sale. 
 The LTI Purchase Agreement and DWG Purchase Agreement (collectively, Prescott Purchase Agreements are to close contemporaneously, facilitated by a double escrow agreement. 
 Simultaneous with the consummation of the DWG Purchase Agreement, we will enter into a commercial single-tenant triple net lease (the Lease Agreement with DWG, or its affiliate (collectively the Buyer ), pursuant to which Edgebuilder will lease back from the Buyer the Prescott Premises for a term commencing upon the execution of the Lease Agreement and ending on the 20th anniversary thereof, unless earlier terminated or extended for renewal periods for an additional years each in accordance with the terms of the Lease Agreement. Pursuant to the Lease Agreement, Edgebuilder will also be responsible for all monthly expenses related to the leased facilities, including insurance premiums, taxes and other expenses, such as utilities. We will guarantee the obligations of Edgebuilder under the Lease Agreement. 
 We anticipate that the closing of the Prescott Purchase Agreements, including the execution of the Lease Agreement will occur in the fourth calendar quarter of 2024. There will be no disruption to operations as a result of the Prescott Purchase Agreements and Lease Agreement, as we will continue to operate a factory at the Prescott Premises pursuant to the Lease Agreement. Management is currently evaluating the accounting implications of these transactions. 
 Amendments 
 On October 11, 2024, we filed an amendment to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, and to add shares of preferred stock as an additional class of capital stock. 
 On October 11, 2024, we also filed a Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations, Rights and Preferences of Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Certificate of Designations sets forth the rights, powers and preferences of the Company s Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). 

33 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations MD A contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks, and assumptions that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and the other disclosures contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which were included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2024. 
 The results of operations for the periods reflected herein are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for future periods. 
 Overview 
 Star Equity Holdings, Inc. Star Equity, the Company, we, our is a diversified multi-industry holding company with two divisions. Our Building Solutions division, formerly called our Construction division, is our largest division and operates in the construction industry, a key sector of the economy. In addition, we have an Investments division. On May 4, 2023, we completed the sale of our former healthcare division, Digirad Health, Inc. Digirad Health ). Until the sale of Digirad Health, we were organized into three divisions. 
 Our Building Solutions division is currently made up of the following operating businesses: KBS Builders, Inc. KBS EdgeBuilder, Inc. EdgeBuilder ), and Glenbrook Building Supply, Inc. Glenbrook ), with the latter two managed together and referred to jointly as EBGL, and Timber Technologies Solutions, Inc. TT ). KBS is based in Maine and manufactures modular buildings, typically in the single and multi-family residential segments, servicing principally the New England market. EBGL is based in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul area and principally serves the Upper Midwest region. Together, the EBGL businesses manufacture and deliver structural wall panels, primarily for multi-family residential buildings, and other engineered wood-based products. EBGL also distributes building materials from two lumberyard locations primarily focused on professional builder customers. TT is based outside the Minneapolis-St. Paul area and manufactures glue-laminated timber products glulam for various end markets and applications, including agriculture, industrial, infrastructure, and building construction (commercial and residential). 
 As of September 30, 2024 our Investments division held and managed our corporate-owned real estate, including one manufacturing facility in Maine that was leased to KBS and one manufacturing facility in Wisconsin that was leased to TT. The Investments division also manages internally-funded, concentrated minority investments in a number of public companies. It also holds and manages a 7.0 million promissory note and a 1.9 million private equity stake in TTG Parent LLC, the parent entity of TTG Imaging Solutions, LLC, which we acquired in May 2023 as a result of the sale of Digirad Health, and holds the 1.0 million note receivable from Enservco, 1.2 million investment in Enservco-Common Stock, 452 thousand investment in Enservco-Preferred Stock, and 360 thousand investment in a call option which we acquired in the third quarter of 2024. 
 Strategy 
 Star Equity Holdings, Inc. 
 We believe our diversified multi-industry holding company structure allows Star Equity management to focus on capital allocation, strategic leadership, mergers and acquisitions, capital markets, and investor relations, as well as management of our Investments division. Our structure frees up our operating company management teams to focus on their respective businesses, look for organic and bolt-on growth opportunities, and improve operations with less distraction and administrative burden associated with running a public company. 
 We continue to explore strategic alternatives to improve our market position and the profitability of our product offerings, generate additional liquidity, and enhance our common stock valuation. We may pursue our goals through organic growth and through strategic alternatives, such as selective acquisitions of businesses, divestitures of assets or businesses, equity offerings, debt financings, or corporate restructuring. 
 Operating Business 
 We believe that our operating companies are well positioned for growth in large addressable markets. The key elements of our growth strategy include the following: 
 Organic growth from our core businesses. We believe that we operate in markets and geographies that will allow us to continue to grow our core businesses, allowing us to benefit from our scale and strengths. We plan to focus our efforts on markets in which we already have a presence in order to leverage the personnel, infrastructure, and brand recognition we have in these areas. 
 34 

Introduction of new services. In the Building Solutions division, we will consider opportunities to augment our service offerings to better serve our customer base. We have done this in the New England market with our entry into the commercial multi-family segment. Other areas might include logistics, on-site installation, and manufacturing of sub-components. 
 Acquisition of complementary businesses. We plan to continue to look at complementary businesses that meet our acquisition growth criteria. We believe there are many potential small public and private targets that can be acquired over time and integrated into our platform. We will also look at larger, more transformational mergers and acquisitions if we believe the appropriate mix of value, risk, and return is present for our stockholders. The timing of these potential transactions will always depend on market conditions, available capital, and valuation. In general, we want to be value buyers, and will not pursue any transaction unless we believe the post-transaction potential value is high for stockholders. 
 Current Market Conditions 
 The target customers for our Building Solutions division include professional home builders, general contractors, project owners, developers, and design firms. Despite a higher interest rate environment, we are continuing to see significant demand for our products, although there have been execution delays as customers secure and finalize project financing. We have benefited from implementing both price increases and margin protection language in our contracts, and these changes have had a positive effect on our profitability. We have experienced slower business activity over the last four quarters and related lower revenues, but believe this slowdown is temporary. Our sales pipelines continue to indicate strong potential demand for our services, but we can give no assurances as to our ability to compete for these opportunities, or the periods during which successfully negotiated projects will be completed. 
 Trends and Drivers 
 The Modular Building Institute has estimated that permanent modular construction increased as a percentage of the construction industry from 2.14 in 2015 to 6.64 as of the end of 2023. In turn, in our Building Solutions division, we continue to see a greater acceptance of offsite or prefab construction in single-family and multi-family residential building projects in our target markets. Our modular units and structural wall panels offer builders a number of benefits over traditional onsite or stick built construction. These include shorter time to market, higher quality, reduced waste, and potential cost savings. Additionally, technological advancements including 3D modeling software and developments in engineered wood products offer greater design flexibility for higher-end applications. The need for more affordable housing solutions also presents opportunities for the continued growth of factory-built housing. 
 Risks arising from global economic instability and conflicts, wars, and health crises could impact our business. In addition, the inflation caused by such events may impact demand for our products and services and our cost to provide products and services. 
 Discontinued Operations 
 As discussed in detail in Note 2. Discontinued Operations, we completed the sale of Digirad Health on May 4, 2023, for total aggregate consideration of 40 million, comprised of 27 million in cash, a 7 million promissory note, and 6 million in common stock in the combined entity, TTG, which is currently valued at 1.9 million. We deemed the disposition of Digirad Health, which was our entire Healthcare business unit, to represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. As of the date of these financial statements, the results of operations of the Healthcare business unit represent discontinued operations in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Practices GAAP (ASC 205-20-45-1B). As such, the assets and liabilities, as well as the earnings, of the discontinued operation are presented separately in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, discussion within the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and this MD A relates to continuing operations. 
 Segments 
 Our reportable segments are based upon our internal organizational structure, the manner in which our operations are managed, the criteria used by our Chief Executive Officer / Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ), to evaluate segment performance, the availability of separate financial information, and overall materiality considerations. Effective as of the consummation of the sale of Digirad Health on May 4, 2023, our business divisions are organized into the following two reportable segments, reflecting the manner in which our CODM assesses performance and allocates resources. 
 Building Solutions (formerly known as our Construction division) 
 35 

Investments 
 Building Solutions 
 Our Building Solutions division services residential and commercial construction projects via our KBS, EdgeBuilder, Glenbrook, and TT brands, through which we manufacture modular housing units, structural wall panels, permanent wood foundation systems and other engineered wood products, supply general contractors and retail customers with building materials, and manufacture glue-laminated timber products glulam ). 
 KBS is a Maine-based modular builder that started operations in 2001. Today, KBS manufactures fully custom modular homes. KBS offers products for both multi-family and single-family residential buildings leveraging an in-house engineering and design team. KBS markets its modular homes through a direct sales organization, which consists of inside sales and outside sales teams who work with a network of independent dealers, builders, and contractors, primarily in the New England states (Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont). KBS s outside sales organization focuses on commercial building projects, and works with developers, architects, owners, and general contractors to establish the scope of work, terms of payment, and general requirements for each project. KBS s inside sales team focuses on a network of independent dealers, builders, and contractors to accurately configure and place orders for mainly single-family residential homes. KBS s network of independent dealers and contractors do not work with KBS exclusively, although some have KBS model homes on display at their retail centers. KBS s backlog and pipeline, along with its market initiatives to build more student, workforce, and affordable housing, are expected to position KBS for continued growth, particularly in the multi-family segment. 
 EdgeBuilder is a manufacturer of structural wall panels, permanent wood foundation systems, and other engineered wood products and conducts its operations in Prescott, Wisconsin. EdgeBuilder markets its engineered structural wall panels and permanent wood foundation systems through direct salespeople and a network of builders, contractors, and developers in and around the Minneapolis-Saint Paul region. EdgeBuilder s direct sales organization is responsible for both residential and commercial projects and works with general contractors, developers and builders to provide bids and quotes for specific projects. Our marketing efforts include participation in industry trade shows, production of product literature, and the use of sales support tools. These efforts are designed to generate sales leads for our independent builders and dealers, and direct salespeople. 
 Glenbrook (inclusive of Big Lake Lumber Inc. BLL ), acquired in 2023) is a supplier of lumber, windows, doors, cabinets, drywall, roofing, decking, and other building materials to professional builders. Glenbrook conducts its operations in Oakdale, Minnesota and Big Lake, Minnesota with an operational facility in Hudson, Wisconsin. EdgeBuilder and Glenbrook operate as one business with a single management team and we refer to them together as EBGL. 
 TT manufactures glulam for various end markets and applications, including agriculture, industrial, infrastructure, and building construction (commercial and residential). Its glulam products have superior strength, durability, and environmental sustainability compared to solid timber and other building materials. Operating in a niche industry and benefiting from secular tailwinds, TT s glulam products have been taking market share from less sustainable building materials such as steel, concrete, and aluminum. 
 Investments 
 At September 30, 2024, we hold two real estate assets in our portfolio which we leased to our Building Solutions subsidiaries; one property is leased to KBS and one property is leased to TT. These properties are located in Oxford, Maine and Colfax, Wisconsin, respectively. In addition, we continue to expand our investment activities and have established minority positions in the equity securities of a small number of publicly traded companies, as well as the debt and equity holdings in TTG and Enservco. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 In preparing our financial statements, we make estimates, assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on our revenue and net income or loss, as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in the accounting policies described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements, so we consider them to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. 
 36 

Results of Continuing Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our results for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Percent of Revenues 2023 Percent of Revenues Change from Prior Year Dollars Percent Total revenues 13,663 100.0 10,435 100.0 3,228 30.9 Total cost of revenues 10,846 79.4 8,232 78.9 2,614 31.8 Gross profit 2,817 20.6 2,203 21.1 614 27.9 Total operating expenses 8,139 59.6 3,864 37.0 4,275 110.6 Income (loss) from operations (5,322) 39.0 (1,661) 15.9 (3,661) (220.4) Total other income (expense) 3,334 24.4 (532) 5.1 3,866 726.7 Income (loss) before income taxes (1,988) 14.6 (2,193) 21.0 205 9.3 Income tax benefit (provision) 18 0.1 (172) 1.6 190 110.5 Net income (loss) (1,970) 14.4 (2,365) 22.7 395 16.7 Percentage may not add due to rounding 
 Revenues 
 Building Solutions 
 Building Solutions revenue is summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Building Solutions Revenue 
 13,663 10,435 3,228 30.9 
 Building Solutions revenues increased in the third quarter of 2024 versus the third quarter of 2023 as a result of the inclusion of revenues from TT from the date of acquisition and the inclusion of revenues from BLL which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2023. These were partially offset by slower business activity at both KBS and EBGL. Economic headwinds, higher interest rates, and project delays contributed to the slowdown which we continue to believe is temporary. Specifically, some of our largest commercial projects expected to commence in the first half of 2024 were delayed into future periods. Our backlog and sales pipeline indicate continued strong demand for new projects, and, although the revenue impact and timing are uncertain, customer feedback and the improving interest rate environment make us confident in our ability to convert this pipeline into signed contracts in the coming months. 
 Gross Profit 
 Building Solutions Gross Profit 
 Building Solutions gross profit and margin is summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 2023 
 Change Change Building Solutions gross profit (loss) 
 2,846 2,248 598 26.6 Building Solutions gross margin 
 20.8 21.5 
 Building Solutions gross profit and gross margin increased primarily as a result of the inclusion of revenues from TT from the date of acquisition and the inclusion of revenues from BLL, partially offset by fixed costs remaining at constant levels regardless of the decline in revenue at KBS and EBGL as discussed above. 
 37 

Investments Gross Loss 
 Investments gross loss is summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change Investments gross profit (loss) (29) (45) 16 35.6 
 Investments gross loss relates to depreciation expense associated with the two commercial facilities that we own. These consist of a manufacturing facility at KBS in Maine and a manufacturing facility at TT in Wisconsin TT facility ). Depreciation expense decreased in 2024 versus 2023 primarily due to the elimination of depreciation expense related to an additional manufacturing facility in Maine that we sold in June 2023 and the properties for which we entered into sale and leaseback agreements in the third quarter of 2024, partially offset by the additional depreciation related to the acquisition of the BLL facility in October 2023 and the TT facility in May 2024. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses are summarized as follows (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, Percent of Revenues 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Dollars Percent Selling, general and administrative 7,415 3,434 3,981 115.9 54.3 32.9 Amortization of intangible assets 724 430 294 68.4 5.3 4.1 Total operating expenses 8,139 3,864 4,275 110.6 59.6 37.0 
 On a consolidated basis, there was a 4.0 million increase in sales, general and administrative expenses SG A ). The major driver of this increase in the third quarter of 2024 was the inclusion of SG A from both BLL and TT and an impairment recorded on our TTG cost method investment of approximately 2.8 million in the third quarter of 2024. SG A, as a percentage of revenue, increased to 54.3 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 versus 48.7 in the prior year period. 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 Total other income (expense) is summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Other income (expense), net 3,293 (965) Interest income (expense), net 41 433 Total other income (expense), net 3,334 (532) 
 Other income (expenses), net, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is predominately comprised of unrealized gains and losses from available for sale securities recorded in our Investments division and finance costs. 2024 also includes the gain on the sale and leaseback transactions and the unrealized loss on our Investment in Enservco of 621 thousand. 
 Interest income (expense), net, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased substantially compared to 2023 due to a less favorable net cash and debt position in 2023. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 we recorded a 18 thousand income tax benefit and a 172 thousand income tax expense, respectively, within continuing operations. See Note 10. Income Taxes within the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements for further information related to the income taxes. 
 Income from Discontinued Operations 
 See Note 2. Discontinued Operations to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for information regarding discontinued operations. 
 38 

Results of Continuing Operations 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Percent of Revenues 2023 Percent of Revenues Change from Prior Year Dollars Percent Total revenues 36,264 100.0 31,674 100.0 4,590 14.5 Total cost of revenues 29,657 81.8 22,602 71.4 7,055 31.2 Gross profit 6,607 18.2 9,072 28.6 (2,465) (27.2) Total operating expenses 18,604 51.3 12,617 39.8 5,987 47.5 Loss from operations (11,997) (33.1) (3,545) (11.2) (8,452) 238.4 Total other income (expense) 3,994 11.0 63 0.2 3,931 6,239.7 Loss before income taxes (8,003) (22.1) (3,482) (11.0) (4,521) 129.8 Income tax provision 22 0.1 (233) (0.7) 255 (109.4) Net loss from continuing operations (7,981) (22.0) (3,715) (11.7) (4,266) 114.8 
 Percentage may not add due to rounding 
 Revenues 
 Building Solutions 
 Building Solutions revenue is summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Building Solutions Revenue 
 36,264 31,674 4,590 14.5 
 Building Solutions revenue increased in 2024 versus 2023 as a result of the inclusion of revenue from TT from the date of acquisition and the inclusion of full year revenue from BLL which we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2023. These were partially offset by slower business activity at both KBS and EBGL. Economic headwinds, higher interest rates, and project delays contributed to the slowdown which we believe is temporary. Our backlog and sales pipeline indicate continued strong demand for new projects, and although the revenue impact and timing are uncertain, customer feedback and the improving interest rate environment make us confident in our ability to convert this pipeline into signed contracts in the coming months . 
 Building Solutions Gross Profit (Loss) 
 Building Solutions gross profit and margin is summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Building Solutions gross profit (loss) 
 6,753 9,241 (2,488) (26.9) Building Solutions gross margin 
 18.6 29.2 
 The decrease in Building Solutions gross profit for the first nine months of 2024 of 26.9 was due to fixed costs remaining at constant levels regardless of the decline in revenue at KBS and EBGL as discussed above. Gross profit and gross margin were also negatively impacted by the one time purchase price accounting adjustment of 574 thousand recorded related to the Timber Technologies acquisition. 
 39 

Investments Gross Loss 
 Investments gross loss is summarized as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 
 Change Investments gross profit (loss) (146) (169) 23 13.6 
 Investments gross loss relates to depreciation expense associated with the two commercial facilities that we own. These consist of a manufacturing facility at KBS in Maine and a manufacturing facility at TT in Wisconsin TT facility ). Depreciation expense decreased in 2024 versus 2023 primarily due to the elimination of depreciation expense related to an additional manufacturing facility in Maine that we sold in June 2023 and the properties for which we entered into sale and leaseback agreements in the third quarter of 2024, partially offset by the additional depreciation related to the acquisition of the BLL facility in October 2023 and the TT facility in May 2024. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses are summarized as follows (in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent of Revenues 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Dollars Percent Selling, general and administrative expenses 16,848 11,327 5,521 48.7 46.5 35.8 Amortization of intangible assets 1,756 1,290 466 36.1 4.8 4.1 Total operating expenses 18,604 12,617 5,987 47.5 51.3 39.9 
 On a consolidated basis, there was a 5.5 million increase in SG A. The major drivers of this increase in the first nine months of 2024 were an impairment of our TTG cost method investment of approximately 4.1 million recorded in the second and third quarter of 2024 and the inclusion of SG A from both BLL and TT in 2024. As a percentage of revenue, SG A increased to 46.5 , versus 35.8 in the prior year period. 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 Total other income (expense) is summarized as follows (in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Other income (expense), net 3,358 (506) Interest income (expense), net 636 569 Total other income (expense) 3,994 63 
 Other income (expense), net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 includes unrealized losses and gains from available for sale securities recorded in our Investments division. 2024 included the total 3.8 million gain on the sale and leaseback transactions which were recorded in the third quarter of 2024and the unrealized loss on our Investment in Enservco of 621 thousand, while 2023 included the gain on the sale of our Waterford, Maine facility. 
 Interest income (expense), net, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is predominantly comprised of interest earned on the TTG Note and interest bearing assets in our Investments division, offset by interest costs and the related amortization of deferred issuance costs on our debt. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded income tax benefits of 22 thousand and 233 thousand, respectively, within continuing operations. See Note 10. Income Taxes within the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further information related to the income taxes. 
 Income from Discontinued Operations 
 See Note 2. Discontinued Operations to our condensed consolidated financial statements for information regarding discontinued operations. 
 40 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Summary Cash Flows 
 The following table shows cash flow information for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (3,696) 2,669 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (12,493) 19,503 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 4,338 (4,059) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 3.7 million, compared to 2.7 million in net cash provided by operating activities in 2023. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities is attributable to lower results from operations, particularly in our Building Solutions division, and increased net working capital expenditures. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities, was 12.5 million, compared to 2023 net cash provided by investing activities of 19.5 million, primarily attributable to cash paid for the acquisition of TT in 2024 of 19.7 million, including new debt facilities entered into to support the TT acquisition, partially offset by cash received from our sale leaseback transactions of 8.1 million. Cash provided by investing activities in 2023 included cash received for the sale of Digirad of 19.7 million. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities was 4.3 million, compared to net cash used in financing activities of 4.1 million in 2023. The increase in cash provided by financing activities relates to higher net debt utilization on our credit facilities. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations. In addition, we have received 8.1 million from our sale leaseback transactions in 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had 5.5 million of cash and cash equivalents. In connection with the sale of our Healthcare business on May 4, 2023, we paid the credit facility pursuant to the Webster Loan Agreement (as defined below) in full, using some of the proceeds from that sale. We closed out all credit facilities with eCapital and paid all remaining amounts outstanding on any eCapital balances during the second quarter of 2023. As discussed in Note 8, Debt, we have approximately 11.1 million in debt at September 30, 2024. 
 Common Stock Equity Offering 
 As of September 30, 2024, of the warrants issued through the public offering we closed on May 28, 2020, 1.0 million warrants were exercised and 1.4 million warrants remained outstanding, which represents 0.1 million shares of common stock equivalents, at an exercise price of 11.25. As of September 30, 2024, of the warrants issued through the public offering we closed on January 24, 2022, there were 10.9 million warrants and no prefunded warrants outstanding at an exercise price of 7.50 and 0.01, respectively. 
 See Note 15. Equity Transactions in the accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 41 

Credit Facilities 
 Premier Facility 
 On August 16, 2023, EdgeBuilder and Glenbrook (the EBGL Borrowers ), entered into a Revolving Credit Loan Agreement with Premier Bank Premier providing the EBGL Borrowers with a working capital line of credit of up to 4.0 million, which was subsequently increased to 6.0 million pursuant to a subsequent agreement on December 5, 2023 (the Premier Loan Agreement ). Availability under the Premier Loan Agreement is based on a formula tied to the EBGL Borrowers eligible accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. Borrowings under the Premier Loan Agreement bear interest at the prime rate plus 0.75 (and a minimum interest rate of 6.75 ), with interest payable monthly and the outstanding principal balance payable upon expiration of the term of the Premier Loan Agreement. The Premier Loan Agreement also provides for certain fees payable to Premier during its term. The initial term of the Premier Loan Agreement expires on December 5, 2024 but may be extended from time to time at the request of the EBGL Borrowers, subject to approval by Premier. The EBGL Borrowers obligations under the Premier Loan Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and secured by all of their inventory, equipment, accounts and other intangibles. 3.3 million was outstanding under the Premier Loan Agreement at September 30, 2024. 
 Financial covenants associated with the Premier Loan Agreement require that the EBGL Borrowers maintain (a) a debt service coverage ratio for any calendar year of less than 1.25; (b) a debt-to-equity ratio at the end of each calendar year in excess of 1.65; (c) a fixed charge coverage ratio at the end of each calendar year of less than 1.10; (d) working capital of at least 2 million; and (e) a current ratio of at least 1.50. As of December 31, 2023, the EBGL Borrowers were not in compliance with the Premier Loan Agreement covenants. The EBGL Borrowers have obtained a waiver from Premier for the annual covenant breach as of December 31, 2023. 
 KeyBank Facility 
 On April 24, 2024, KBS entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the KeyBank Loan Agreement with KeyBank National Association KeyBank providing KBS with a working capital line of credit of up to 4.0 million, subject to the conditions and procedures set forth in the KeyBank Loan Agreement. All borrowings under the KeyBank Loan Agreement bear interest at the Adjusted Daily SOFR Rate (as defined in the KeyBank Loan Agreement) plus 3 , with interest payable monthly and the outstanding principal balance payable on April 30, 2025 (the Maturity Date ). The KeyBank Loan Agreement also provides for certain fees payable to KeyBank during its term. The initial term of the KeyBank Loan Agreement expires on the Maturity Date but may be extended from time to time at the request of KBS, subject to approval by KeyBank. KBS obligations under the KeyBank Loan Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and secured by all of KBS inventory, equipment, accounts and other intangibles, and all proceeds of the foregoing. Simultaneous with the execution of the KeyBank Loan Agreement, the Company entered into that certain Guaranty, dated April 24, 2024 (the Guaranty ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to guarantee all amounts borrowed by KBS under the KeyBank Loan Agreement. 
 Financial covenants require that KBS maintain a ratio of its Operating Cash Flow to its Total Fixed Charges of at least 1.25 to 1.0 measured quarterly for the preceding twelve month period, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024, and for each subsequent fiscal quarter thereafter. 
 As of September 30, 2024, KBS was not in compliance with these financial covenants and had not obtained a waiver of compliance as of the filing date. The balance outstanding under the line amounted to 0.1 million at September 30, 2024 and KBS repaid the balance in full subsequent to quarter end. Failure to regain compliance or obtain a waiver may impact its ability to borrow on the line. 
 Term Loan Secured by Mortgage 
 On June 28, 2024, in connection with our acquisition of substantially all of the assets used in the business of Timber Technologies, Inc. which closed on May 17, 2024, Timber Properties, LLC Timber Properties ), an affiliate of the Seller, sold to 106 Bremer, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company 106 Bremer ), all of Timber Properties Owned Real Property pursuant to a Real Estate Sales Agreement for 3.0 million plus closing costs. 
 In connection with the purchase of the Owned Real Property, on June 28, 2024, 106 Bremer issued a Promissory Note in the principal amount of 3.0 million (the TT Property Note secured by a Mortgage (the TT Property Mortgage on the Owned Real Property to Timber Properties. All borrowings under the TT Property Note bear interest at 7.50 , with interest payable quarterly and the outstanding principal balance payable on June 29, 2034. 
 Bridgewater Facility 
 In connection with the completion of the TT Acquisition, on May 17, 2024, Timber Technologies Solutions, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Borrower ), entered into a Loan Agreement (the Bridgewater Loan Agreement with Bridgewater Bank Bridgewater and issued a Term Promissory Note to Bridgewater in the amount of 7.0 million thereunder (the Facility ). All borrowings under the Facility bear interest at 7.85 , with interest payable monthly and the outstanding principal balance payable on May 20, 2029 (the Maturity Date ). The Bridgewater Loan Agreement also provides for certain 
 42 

fees payable to Bridgewater during its term, certain of which have been prepaid at closing. The Borrower s obligations under the Facility are guaranteed by the Company and secured by all of the Borrower s inventory, equipment, accounts and other intangibles, and all proceeds of the foregoing. 
 In connection with the Bridgewater Loan agreement, an amount of 1.0 million was required to be deposited with Bridgewater and be under the sole dominion and control of Bridgewater, and the Company shall not have any control over the use of, or any right to withdraw any amount of the restricted deposit. In the event that the Company maintains compliance with all of the financial covenants set forth in the Bridgewater Loan Agreement for a certain period of time, Bridgewater shall release a portion of the deposit. The 1.0 million deposit is recorded in Other Assets in the condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Financial covenants require that TT maintain (i) a ratio of Cash Flow to Total Fixed Charges of not less than 1.30 to 1.00 as measured on each applicable Measurement Date on a trailing twelve (12) month basis; the first Measurement Date is September 30, 2024; (ii) maintain a ratio of Senior Funded Debt to trailing twelve (12) month Adjusted EBITDA not to exceed 3.00 to 1.00 as measured on each applicable Measurement Date for a Measurement Period; the first Measurement Date is June 30, 2025; (iii) maintain a ratio of Total Funded Debt to trailing twelve (12) month adjusted EBITDA not to exceed 4.00 to 1.00 as measured on each applicable Measurement Date for a Measurement Period; the first Measurement Date is June 30, 2025. TT was in compliance with the Cash Flow to Total Fixed Charges covenant as of September 30, 2024. 
 Webster Credit Facility 
 On March 29, 2019, the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the Webster Loan Agreement by and among certain subsidiaries of the Company, as borrowers, the Company, as guarantor, and Sterling National Bank Sterling ). On February 1, 2022, Sterling became part of Webster Bank, N.A. Webster ), and Webster became the successor in interest to the Webster Loan Agreement. The Webster Loan Agreement was also subject to a limited guarantee by Mr. Eberwein, the Executive Chairman of our board of directors. 
 The Webster Loan Agreement was a five-year credit facility maturing in March 2024, with a maximum credit amount of 20.0 million for revolving loans (the Webster Credit Facility ). In connection with the sale of our Healthcare business on May 4, 2023, we paid all amounts due and closed the Webster Credit Facility. 
 eCapital Credit Facilities 
 The EBGL Borrowers were parties to a Loan and Security Agreement with eCapital Asset Based Lending Corp. eCapital providing for a 4.0 million credit facility with a maturity date of June 2023 and an auto-renewal of one year thereafter. KBS was a party to a Loan and Security Agreement with eCapital, providing up to 4.0 million in working capital, which was scheduled to mature and renew automatically for a period of one year moving forward. During the second quarter of 2023, we closed these two credit facilities and have no remaining debt balance with eCapital. 
 eCapital Term Loan 
 We and certain of our Investments subsidiaries were party to a Loan and Security Agreement with eCapital, as successor in interest to Gerber Finance, Inc., which provided for a credit facility with borrowing availability of up to 2.5 million, bearing interest at the prime rate plus 3.5 per annum, and maturing on January 31, 2025, unless terminated in accordance with the terms therein. During the second quarter of 2023, we closed this credit facility and have no remaining debt balance with eCapital. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024 , there were no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 43 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As further discussed below, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 as a result of the material weakness discussed below. 
 Our management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as we did not have a sufficient complement of accounting resources to address complex accounting matters. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Any internal control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 Management's assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of TT and BLL. Management has not yet determined whether the effectiveness of TT s controls will be assessed in 2024. The effectiveness of BLL s controls will be assessed in 2024. 
 Plan for Remediation of the Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management has taken steps to increase the skills and experience of our accounting and financial reporting staff by investing in the continuing education and public company accounting training of our accounting and financial professionals. We have also retained additional outside financial consultants to conduct technical accounting reviews, when necessary, specifically for complex, unusual and/or significant transactions. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 44 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies within the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a summary of legal proceedings. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In evaluating us and our common stock, we urge you to carefully consider the risks and other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as well as the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which we filed with the SEC on March 22, 2024. Except as noted below, the risks and uncertainties described in Item 1A - Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K have not materially changed. Any of the risks discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or any of the risks disclosed in Item 1A to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our business strategy includes acquisitions, and acquisitions entail numerous risks, including the risk of management diversion and increased costs and expenses, all of which could negatively affect the Company s profitability. 
 Our business strategy includes, among other things, strategic acquisitions, as well as potential opportunistic acquisitions and strategic actions with respect to our existing investments, such as restructurings, strategic partnerships and collaborations, and activist activity. This overall acquisition and investment strategy entails several potential risks, including diverting management s attention from other business concerns, incurring substantial legal and other advisory fees (including, in the case of activist activity, proxy solicitation fees), and financing such acquisitions with additional equity and/or debt. Additionally, to the extent that we are already invested in the entities that are the subject of our acquisitions and other activities, our actions may be temporarily disruptive to the value of the investments, which could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 In addition, once completed, acquisitions may entail further risks, including: unanticipated costs and liabilities of the acquired businesses, including environmental liabilities, that could materially adversely affect our results of operations. These include: increased regulatory compliance relating to the acquired business; difficulties in assimilating acquired businesses, their personnel and their financial reporting systems, which would prevent the expected benefits from the transaction from being realized within the anticipated timeframe; negative effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; and loss of key employees of the acquired businesses. In addition, any future acquisitions could cause us to incur additional debt and related interest expense, as well as contingent liabilities and amortization expense related to intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows, or the issuance of additional equity, which could dilute our stockholder s equity interests. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate any pending acquisition successfully, receive the required approvals for any acquisition or otherwise conclude any acquisition successfully, or that any acquisition will achieve the anticipated synergies or other positive results. Overall, if our acquisition strategy is not successful or if acquisitions are not well integrated into our existing operations, the Company s profitability, business, and financial condition could be negatively affected. 
 We may sustain losses in our investment portfolio, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 A portion of our assets consists of equity securities which are adjusted to fair value each period, as well as other investments. An adverse change in economic conditions or setbacks to such companies, their operations or business models may result in a decline in the value of these investments. Such declines in value are principally recognized in net income or loss in accordance with GAAP. Any adverse changes in the financial markets and declines in value of our investments may result in additional losses and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If our remediation of the material weakness is not effective, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 
 45 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as we did not have a sufficient complement of accounting resources to address complex accounting matters. 
 To remediate the material weakness, management has taken steps to increase the skills and experience of our accounting and financial reporting staff by increasing reviews of unusual and significant transactions and investing in the continuing education and public company accounting training of our accounting and financial professionals. We have also retained additional outside financial consultants to conduct technical accounting reviews, when necessary. 
 We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and are continuing to implement, will be sufficient to remediate the material weakness we have identified or avoid potential future material weaknesses. If the steps we take do not correct the material weakness in a timely manner, we will be unable to conclude that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, there could continue to be a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 If we fail to remediate our existing material weakness or identify new material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to conclude that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. As a result of such failures, we could also become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which our securities are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and become subject to litigation from investors and stockholders, which could harm our reputation and financial condition or divert financial and management resources from our regular business activities. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES, USE OF PROCEEDS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Security Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 None of the Company's directors or executive officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company's fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) or Regulation S-K. 
 46 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 12, 2024 (File No. 001-35947). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Star Equity Holdings, dated October 10, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10 , 2024 (File No. 001-35947). 
 3.3 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation, Rights and Preferences of 10.0 Series A Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, dated October 10, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 2 to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 2024 (File No. 001-35947). 
 3.4 
 Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 26 , 2024 (File No. 001-35947). 
 4.1 
 Rights Agreement, dated August 21, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 .1 to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 2024 (File No. 001-35947). 
 10.1 
 2018 Incentive Plan, as amended on October 10, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 .1 to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 10, 2024 (File No. 001-35947). 
 10.2 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2024 by and among Star Equity Holdings, Inc. and Enservco Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated A ugust 9 , 2024 (File No. 001-35947). 
 10.3 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2024 by and among Star Equity Holdings, Inc. and Enservco Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 9, 2024 (File No. 001-35947). 
 10.4 
 Promissory Note, dated as of August 9, 2024 by and among Star Equity Holdings, Inc. and Enservco Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 3 to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 9, 2024 (File No. 001-35947). 
 10.5 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2024 by and among Star Equity Holdings, Inc. and Enservco Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 4 to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 9, 2024 (File No. 001-35947). 
 31.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). _________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this quarterly report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Star Equity Holdings, Inc., whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 STAR EQUITY HOLDINGS, INC. Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ RICHARD K. COLEMAN, JR. Richard K. Coleman, Jr. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 /s/ DAVID J. NOBLE David J. Noble 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 star10q-q32024xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Richard K. Coleman, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

November 19, 2024 
 s Richard K. Coleman, Jr. 
 Richard K. Coleman, Jr. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 star10q-q32024xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David J. Noble, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

November 19, 2024 
 s David J. Noble 
 David J. Noble Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 star10q-q32024xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, I, Richard K. Coleman, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of Star Equity Holdings, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 
 This certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 November 19, 2024 
 s Richard K. Coleman, Jr. 
 Richard K. Coleman, Jr. 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Star Equity Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 star10q-q32024xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 
 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, I, David J. Noble, Chief Financial Officer of Star Equity Holdings, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Star Equity Holdings, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. 
 
 This certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 November 19, 2024 
 s David J. Noble 
 David J. Noble Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 A signed copy of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Star Equity Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Star Equity Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 star-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 star-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 star-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 star-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 star-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

