<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1846253_0001846253-24-000088.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7830560</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89766</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1343008</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2761540</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1836515</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1626820</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001846253-24-000088.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112165953
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001846253-24-000088
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OmniAb, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001846253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40720
		FILM NUMBER:		241449553

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5980 HORTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-250-7800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5980 HORTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Avista Public Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001846253-24-000088.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 oabi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

oabi-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Transition Period From ______ to ______. 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 5, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 ITEM 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 36 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 36 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 36 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 36 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 37 
 SIGNATURES 
 38 

2 

Part I Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 OMNIAB, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Restricted cash Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Current contingent liabilities Current deferred revenue Current operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term contingent liabilities Deferred income taxes, net Long-term operating lease liabilities Long-term deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

OMNIAB, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: License and milestone revenue Service revenue Royalty revenue Total revenue Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Amortization of intangibles Other operating expense (income), net ) Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net: Interest income Other income (expense), net ) ) Total other income (expense), net Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

OMNIAB, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Unrealized net gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities 
 ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

OMNIAB, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Accumulated 
 other 
 comprehensive 
 income (loss) 
 Retained 
 earnings 
 (Accumulated deficit) 
 Total 
 stockholders 
 equity 
 Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2024 
 ) Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of tax Unrealized net loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 
 ) ) Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of tax Unrealized net loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of tax Issuance of common stock under ATM facility, net of commissions and issuance costs 
 Unrealized net gain on available-for-sale securities 
 Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) Balance at January 1, 2023 Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of tax ) ) Unrealized net loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of tax Unrealized net loss on available-for-sale securities ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock under employee stock compensation plans, net of tax Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

OMNIAB, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Amortization of discounts on short-term investments, net ) ) Deferred income taxes, net ) ) Change in estimated fair value of contingent liabilities ) ) Other 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net: Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Other long-term assets ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities 
 ) Operating lease liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 ) Investing activities: Purchases of short-term investments ) ) Proceeds from the maturity of short-term investments Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Payments to contingent liabilities holders ) ) Proceeds from sale of short-term investments Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 ) Financing activities: Payments to contingent liabilities holders ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock from stock plans Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Payment of transaction costs ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock under ATM facility, net of commissions 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Deferred revenue recorded in accounts receivable Supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchase of fixed assets recorded in accounts payable Intangible additions recorded in contingent liabilities 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

OMNIAB, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and accounts within the Company have been eliminated. 

8 

Restricted cash 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash presented in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows 

Restricted cash relates to deposits for the Company s property leases. The restriction will lapse when the related leases expire. 
 
 9 

- years 
 Computer hardware - years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of the useful life or remaining lease term Computer software Shorter of years or useful life of asset 

10 

reporting unit. The qualitative factors include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, the overall financial performance, and events affecting the reporting unit. If, after assessing the totality of these qualitative factors, the Company determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then no additional assessment is deemed necessary. Otherwise, the Company proceeds to perform the quantitative assessment. The Company will then evaluate goodwill for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value, including the associated goodwill. To determine the fair value, the Company generally uses a combination of market approach based on OmniAb and comparable publicly traded companies in similar lines of businesses and the income approach based on estimated discounted future cash flows. The Company s cash flow assumptions consider historical and forecasted revenue, operating costs and other relevant factors. The Company may also elect to bypass the qualitative assessment in a period and elect to proceed to perform the quantitative assessment for the goodwill impairment test. The Company performs its annual assessment for goodwill impairment during the fourth quarter each year. No impairment indicators were noted in any periods presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements under the qualitative assessment. 
 
 Other than an impairment of the Company s finite-lived intangible assets related to certain legacy assets from Ligand s acquisition of Ab Initio Biotherapeutics, Inc. Ab Initio in July 2019, as further described in Note 7 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net, the Company did not identify indicators of impairment for its other intangible and long-lived assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 warrants originally issued in APAC s initial public offering (the Public Warrants and warrants issued in a private placement that closed concurrently with APAC s initial public offering, (the Private Placement Warrants in the Business Combination. Additionally, as further discussed in Note 3 Business Combination, pursuant to the Amended and Restated Forward Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 23, 2022 (the A R FPA ), on the Closing Date, the Company issued warrants in the Forward Purchase (the Forward Purchase Warrants and warrants in the Redemption Backstop (the Backstop Warrants ). The Public, Private Placement, Forward Purchase and Backstop Warrants entitle the holder to purchase share of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. 
 
 The Public Warrants are publicly traded and are exercisable for cash unless certain conditions occur, such as the failure to have an effective registration statement related to the shares issuable upon exercise or redemption by the Company under certain conditions, at which time the warrants may be cashless exercised at the option of the Company. The Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to the Public Warrants except that the Private Placement Warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of the Business Combination. The Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. The Forward Purchase Warrants and the Backstop Warrants have the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants. 

11 

During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the amount recognized as revenue that was previously deferred at June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. During each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the amount recognized as revenue that was previously deferred at June 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 
 The disaggregated revenue categories are presented on the face of the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 12 

13 

operating segment. 

million, after deducting certain transaction and other expenses reimbursable by Legacy OmniAb (the Separation ). Following the Separation, Ligand distributed on a pro rata basis to its stockholders all of the shares of common stock, par value per share, of Legacy OmniAb Legacy OmniAb Common Stock held by Ligand, such that each holder of shares of common stock, par value per share, of Ligand Ligand Common Stock was entitled to receive share of Legacy OmniAb Common Stock for each share of Ligand Common Stock held by such holder as of the record date for the distribution, October 26, 2022 (the Distribution ). Following the Separation and Distribution, on November 1, 2022, Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy OmniAb, with Legacy OmniAb surviving as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of OmniAb. 
 
 At the Closing Date, each outstanding share of Legacy OmniAb Common Stock was cancelled in exchange for shares of common stock of OmniAb, par value per share OmniAb Common Stock and shares of OmniAb Common Stock subject to certain price-based earnout triggers (the Earnout Shares ). Holders of shares of Legacy OmniAb Common Stock received an aggregate shares of the OmniAb Common Stock, excluding Earnout Shares, as consideration in the Business Combination. 
 
 In addition, all outstanding Legacy OmniAb equity awards were converted into OmniAb equity awards to purchase, in the case of options, or receive, in the case of restricted stock units and performance-vesting restricted stock units, shares of OmniAb Common Stock, in each case, equal to the number of shares underlying such Legacy OmniAb equity awards multiplied by . Each holder of an outstanding Legacy OmniAb equity award also received Earnout Shares equal to the number of shares of Legacy OmniAb Common Stock underlying such equity award multiplied by . 
 
 14 

Earnout Shares as consideration in the Business Combination. percent of the Earnout Shares will vest on the date on which the volume-weighted average price VWAP equals or exceeds on any trading days in any consecutive trading-day period, and all remaining Earnout Shares will vest on the date on which the VWAP equals or exceeds on any trading days in any consecutive trading-day period, in each case provided such vesting occurs during the period following the Closing Date (the Earnout Period provided, that in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the Merger Agreement) during the Earnout Period pursuant to which OmniAb or any of its stockholders have the right to receive, directly or indirectly, cash, securities or other property attributing a value of at least (with respect to of the Earnout Shares) or (with respect to all Earnout Shares) per share of OmniAb Common Stock, and such Change of Control has been approved by a majority of the independent directors of the OmniAb board of directors, then such Earnout Shares shall be deemed to have vested immediately prior to such Change of Control. The Earnout Shares are accounted for as equity-classified equity instruments and recorded in additional paid-in capital as part of the Business Combination. 
 
 Pursuant to the Sponsor Insider Letter Agreement executed concurrently with the Merger Agreement, by and among APAC, Avista Acquisition LP II (the Sponsor ), Legacy OmniAb and certain insiders of APAC, shares of OmniAb Common Stock held by the Sponsor became subject to the same price-based vesting conditions as the Earnout Shares (the Sponsor Earnout Shares ). The Sponsor Earnout Shares are accounted for as equity-classified equity instruments and recorded in additional paid-in capital as part of the Business Combination. 
 
 On the Closing Date, the Company completed the issuance and sale of shares of the OmniAb Common Stock and Forward Purchase Warrants to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of million (the Forward Purchase ), pursuant to the amended and restated forward purchase agreement (the A R FPA ). Additionally, and also pursuant to the A R FPA, on the Closing Date, the Company completed the sale of shares of the OmniAb Common Stock and Backstop Warrants to the Sponsor for a purchase price of per share and aggregate purchase price of million in order to backstop shareholder redemptions which would have otherwise resulted in the cash proceeds available to OmniAb following the Business Combination from OmniAb s trust account to be less than . Refer to Note 9 Stockholders' Equity, for additional information on the accounting for the Forward Purchase Warrants and Backstop Warrants. 

15 

Total cash equivalents Short-term investments: Government and agency securities 
 Asset-backed securities Total short-term investments Liabilities: Current contingent liabilities Long-term contingent liabilities Total contingent liabilities 
 
 Fair Value Measurements as of 
 December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Cash equivalents: Money market funds Total cash equivalents Short-term investments: Government and agency securities Asset-backed securities Total short-term investments Liabilities: Current contingent liabilities Long-term contingent liabilities Total contingent liabilities 
 
 The carrying amounts reported in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets for accounts receivable, other assets, accounts payable and other accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to their relatively short periods to maturity. 
 
 16 

Payments to CVR holders ) ) ) ) Fair value adjustments to contingent liabilities ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 Payments to CVR holders ) ) ) Fair value adjustments to contingent liabilities ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 _____________ 
 (1) Changes in the fair values of contingent liabilities in connection with the acquisition of Icagen are recognized in Other operating expense (income), net in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and in the operating section of the statements of cash flows. Payments to CVR holders are disclosed in the financing section of the statements of cash flows. 
 (2) Changes in the fair values of contingent liabilities in connection with the acquisitions of Taurus and xCella are recognized in Intangible assets, net in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Payments to CVR holders are disclosed in the investing section of the statement of cash flows. 
 
 Contingent liabilities are classified as Level 3 liabilities as their valuation requires substantial judgment and estimation of factors that are not currently observable in the market. These subjective estimates include but are not limited to assumptions involving the achievement probability of certain developmental and commercialization milestones, discount rates, and projected years of payments. If different assumptions were used for the various inputs to the valuation approaches, the estimated fair value could be materially higher or lower than the fair value determined. 
 
 Assets Measured on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 
 The Company applies fair value techniques on a non-recurring basis associated with valuing potential impairment losses related to goodwill, finite-lived intangible assets, and long-lived assets. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company recorded an impairment of its finite-lived intangible assets related to certain legacy assets from Ligand s acquisition of Ab Initio in July 2019, as further described in Note 7 Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net. fair value impairment was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2023. 

17 

) Asset-backed securities 
 Total short-term investments ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 Unrealized (in thousands) Amortized Cost Gains Losses Estimated 
 Fair Value 
 Government and agency securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Total short-term investments ) 
 The Company classified all investments with maturity dates beyond three months at the date of purchase as short-term investments in the condensed consolidated balance sheets based upon its ability and intent to use the investments to satisfy the liquidity needs of current operations. 
 
 Due after one year 
 Total short-term investments 
 
 ) ) Asset-backed securities 
 ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 Less than 12 months More than 12 months Total (in thousands) Count Fair Value Unrealized Losses Count Fair Value Unrealized Losses Count Fair Value Unrealized Losses Government and agency securities ) ) Asset-backed securities 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 18 

Lab and office equipment Computer hardware and software 
 Construction in progress Property and equipment, at cost Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense, which is included in operating expense, was million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 
 Due to former parent Ligand 
 Professional service fees Royalties owed to third parties Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Definite-lived intangible assets Completed technology Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Customer relationships Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net Total goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets, net 
 
 19 

years and is reflected within amortization of intangibles expense on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense of million and million was recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Amortization expense was million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company determined that certain of its finite-lived intangible assets related to the acquisition of Ab Initio in July 2019 were fully impaired, and recorded a million write-off of the net carrying value, which is recorded as Amortization of intangibles in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 The remaining weighted-average useful life of definite lived intangible assets is years. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future amortization expense 

square feet of space under leases expiring from 2026 to 2032. 
 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 
 
 As of September 30, 
 2024 2023 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 
 In addition to base rent, certain of the Company s operating leases require variable payments. These variable lease costs include amounts relating to common area maintenance and are expensed when the obligation for those payments is incurred and are recognized as operating expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 20 

Variable lease cost Total lease costs 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, the Company has been and may be involved in various legal proceedings arising in its ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, resolution of any pending claims (either individually or in the aggregate) is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the condensed consolidated financial statements, cash flows or financial position and it is not possible to provide an estimated amount of any such loss. However, the outcome of disputes is inherently uncertain. Therefore, although management considers the likelihood of such an outcome to be remote, an unfavorable resolution of one or more matters could materially affect future results of operations or cash flows, or both, in a particular period. 

. The total amount of authorized capital stock consists of shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock. As of September 30, 2024, shares of preferred stock are issued or outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Holders of OmniAb Common Stock are entitled to vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors, and do not have cumulative voting rights. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of OmniAb Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably those dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Company s board of directors out of legally available funds. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of OmniAb Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of or provision for all of the Company's debts and other liabilities, subject to the prior rights of any preferred stock then outstanding. Holders of OmniAb Common Stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the OmniAb Common Stock. All outstanding shares of OmniAb Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of OmniAb Common Stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that the Company may designate and issue in the future. 
 
 21 

shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the dividend, voting and other rights, preferences and privileges of the shares of each wholly unissued series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereon, and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any such series, but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. 
 
 The Company s board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of OmniAb Common Stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in the Company s control and may adversely affect the market price of OmniAb Common Stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of OmniAb Common Stock. The Company has no current plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Earnout Shares 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, OmniAb Earnout Shares of and Sponsor Earnout Shares of are issued and outstanding. Earnout Shares vest based upon the achievement of certain volume-weighted average trading prices VWAP for shares of the Company for any trading days over a consecutive trading-day period during the period following the Closing Date, with (i) of such Earnout Shares vesting upon achievement of a VWAP of per share of OmniAb Common Stock or upon the occurrence of a change of control transaction that will result in the holders of OmniAb Common Stock receiving a price per share in excess of , and (ii) the remaining of the Earnout Shares vesting upon achievement of a VWAP of per share of OmniAb Common Stock or upon the occurrence of a change of control transaction that will result in the holders of OmniAb Common Stock receiving a price per share in excess of . The Earnout Shares are not transferable until the vesting condition for the applicable tranche of Earnout Shares has been achieved. Prior to vesting, holders of Earnout Shares are entitled to exercise the voting rights carried by such shares and receive any dividends or other distributions in respect of such shares. 
 
 The Earnout Shares will be automatically forfeited for no consideration if the vesting condition for the applicable tranche of Earnout Shares has not been satisfied on or before November 1, 2027. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 As part of APAC s initial public offering, Public Warrants were sold. The Public Warrants entitle the holder thereof to purchase share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustments. The Public Warrants are only exercisable for a whole number of shares of common stock. No fractional shares are to be issued upon exercise of the warrants. The Public Warrants will expire on November 1, 2027 at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Public Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol OABIW . 
 
 Additionally, the Company can redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 
 
 in whole and not in part; 
 at a price of per warrant; 
 upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 
 if, and only if, the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders provided there was an effective registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. 
 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption as previously described, the Company has the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. 
 
 22 

Private Placement Warrants with APAC s sponsor. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants except that the Private Placement Warrants were not transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of the Business Combination. The Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 
 
 Additionally, on the Closing Date, the Company issued Forward Purchase Warrants and Backstop Warrants pursuant to the A R FPA. The Forward Purchase Warrants and Backstop Warrants have the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants. 
 
 The Company concluded the Public, Private Placement, Forward Purchase and Backstop Warrants meet the criteria to be classified as equity. Upon consummation of the Business Combination, the Public, Private Placement, Forward Purchase and Backstop Warrants were recorded in additional paid-in capital. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 2022 Incentive Award Plan 
 
 The Company s board of directors and stockholders adopted the 2022 Incentive Award Plan, or the 2022 Plan, which became effective upon the Closing of the Business Combination. Under the 2022 Plan, the Company may grant cash and equity incentive awards to eligible employees, directors and consultants. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock that may be issued under the 2022 Plan is shares. In addition, the number of shares of our common stock available for issuance under the 2022 Plan will be annually increased on January 1 of each calendar year beginning in 2023 and ending in 2032 by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) a number equal to of the fully-diluted shares on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year or (ii) such smaller number of shares as is determined by the Company's board of directors. 
 
 The 2022 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, including incentive stock options and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, dividend equivalents, RSUs and other stock or cash-based awards. 
 
 OmniAb Prior Plans 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, Legacy OmniAb adopted the OmniAb, Inc. 2022 Ligand Service Provider Assumed Award Plan and the OmniAb, Inc. 2022 OmniAb Service Provider Assumed Award Plan, collectively referred to as the OmniAb Prior Plans, which govern the OmniAb equity awards issued upon adjustment of outstanding Ligand equity awards in connection with the Distribution. All awards under the OmniAb Prior Plans that were outstanding as of the closing of the Business Combination continued to be governed by the terms, conditions and procedures set forth in the OmniAb Prior Plans and any applicable award agreements, as those terms may be equitably adjusted in connection with the Business Combination. The Company assumed the OmniAb Prior Plans in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, and each of the awards thereunder. 
 
 At the Market Offering 
 
 In December 2023, the Company entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM (the Sales Agreement ), with Jefferies LLC (the Sales Agent under which it may, from time to time, sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million in at the market ATM offerings through the Sales Agent. Sales of the shares of common stock, if any, will be made at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, or as otherwise agreed with the Sales Agent. The Sales Agent will receive a commission from the Company of up to of the gross proceeds of any shares of common stock sold under the Sales Agreement. Sales of its common stock made pursuant to the Sales Agreement are made under its shelf registration statement on Form S 3 which was filed on December 8, 2023 and declared effective by the SEC on December 18, 2023. The Company is not obligated to sell, and the Sales Agent is not obligated to buy or sell, any shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, shares of common stock in the ATM offering were issued for net proceeds of million, after deducting commissions. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock under the ATM program for net proceeds of million, after deducting commissions. 
 
 23 

Research and development Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 The Company recognized share-based compensation expense by award type as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Stock options Restricted stock units Performance restricted stock units Employee share purchase plan Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Stock options granted under the 2022 Plan typically vest 1/8 on the anniversary of the date of grant, and 1/48 each month thereafter for months. All option awards generally expire years from the date of grant. 
 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted. The model assumptions include expected volatility, expected term, dividend yield, and the risk-free interest rate. 
 
 Expected volatility : Due to the Company s limited trading history for its common stock, the expected volatility assumption is based on volatilities of a peer group of similar companies whose share prices are publicly available. The peer group was developed based on companies in the biotechnology industry. The Company will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of its own stock price becomes available. 
 Expected term : The expected term represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. Because the Company has limited historical exercise behavior, it determines the expected life assumption using the simplified method which is an average of the contractual term of the option and its vesting period. 
 Dividend yield : The Company bases the expected dividend yield assumption on the fact that it has never paid cash dividends and has no present intention to pay cash dividends and, therefore, used an expected dividend yield of zero. 
 Risk-free interest rate : The risk-free interest rate is based upon U.S. Treasury securities with remaining terms similar to the expected term of the share-based awards. 
 
 Expected volatility Expected term (years) Dividend yield 
 
 24 

Granted Exercised ) Cancelled/Expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 _____________ 

As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to OmniAb options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately years. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to Ligand options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of OmniAb options exercised by OmniAb employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. Cash received from OmniAb options exercised by OmniAb employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. 
 
 There were OmniAb options exercised by Ligand employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 RSUs generally represent the right to receive a certain number of shares of common stock subject to certain vesting conditions and other restrictions. RSUs generally vest over . The fair value of RSUs is determined by the closing market price on the grant date. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested balance at September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to OmniAb RSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately years. As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to Ligand RSUs was negligible. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of OmniAb RSUs vested for OmniAb employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. The aggregate intrinsic value of OmniAb RSUs vested for Ligand employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. 
 
 25 

period, with a payout range of to of the target shares granted. Share-based compensation expense for these PRSUs is measured using the Monte-Carlo valuation model and is not adjusted for the achievement, or lack thereof, of the market conditions. 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited Unvested balance at September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024, unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to OmniAb PRSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 Under the Company s 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ), eligible employees are entitled to purchase shares of common stock at a discount with accumulated payroll deductions. The ESPP provides for a series of overlapping -month offering periods comprising purchase periods. The initial offering period under the 2022 ESPP is longer than months, commencing November 1, 2022 and ending on November 29, 2024. The purchase price for shares of common stock purchased under the ESPP is equal to of the lesser of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on (i) the first trading day of the applicable offering period or (ii) the last trading day of each purchase period in the applicable offering period. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock that may be issued pursuant to rights granted under the ESPP equals shares of our common stock. In addition, on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2032, the number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP will be increased by a number of shares equal to the lesser of (i) of the fully diluted shares outstanding on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year, and (ii) such smaller number of shares as determined by our board of directors. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense associated with the ESPP, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of years. 
 
 shares issued pursuant to the ESPP. 

26 

and , respectively. The variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21.0 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the benefit related to tax credits, the tax impact of stock award activities, and the valuation allowance established on federal and state attributes. The Company s effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was and , respectively. The variance from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21.0 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the benefit related to tax credits, the tax impact of stock award activities, and the valuation allowance established on state attributes. 
 
 The Company considered the realizability of the deferred tax assets and recorded a valuation allowance as necessary for the amount of deferred tax assets which are not more likely than not to be realized as of September 30, 2024. 
 ) ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted Net loss per share, basic and diluted 
 
 Earnout shares Avista private placement warrants Avista public warrants Restricted stock units issued and outstanding (1) 
 Forward purchase warrants Backstop warrants Shares expected to be purchased under employee stock purchase plan Total anti-dilutive shares 
 _____________ 
 (1) Outstanding stock options and restricted stock units include awards outstanding to employees of Ligand. 
 
 27 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
 Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis and the unaudited interim financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both of which are contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report ). 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, our expected cash runway, our business strategy, our expectations regarding the application of, and the rate and degree of market acceptance of our OmniAb technology platform and other technologies, our expectations regarding the addressable markets for our technologies, including the growth rate of the markets in which we operate, the potential for and timing of receipt of milestones and royalties under our license agreements with partners, our research and development plans, the potential for our partnered or internal programs to progress in their development, the anticipated timing of the initiation and completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials by our partners or us, the timing and likelihood of regulatory filings and product approvals by our partners or us, the potential for and timing and geographic markets of any commercial product launches by our partners and potential for commercial success, our ability to enter into any new, or maintain existing, strategic partnerships or collaborative relationships, our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our platform, products and technologies, the timing and likelihood of success, plans and objectives of management for future operations, and future results of anticipated business development and product development efforts, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 
 These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, without limitation, the risk factors described in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, which is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 

Overview 
 
 OmniAb licenses cutting edge discovery research technology to the pharmaceutical and biotech industries and academic institutions to enable the discovery of next-generation therapeutics. Our technology platform creates and screens diverse antibody repertoires and is designed to quickly identify optimal antibodies and other target-binding proteins for our partners drug development efforts. At the heart of the OmniAb platform is what we call Biological Intelligence , which powers the immune systems of our proprietary, engineered transgenic animals to create optimized antibody candidates for human therapeutics. We primarily derive revenue from license fees for technology access, milestones from partnered programs and service revenue from research programs. 
 
 We believe the OmniAb animals comprise the most diverse host systems available in the industry. Our suite of technologies and methods, including computational antigen design and immunization methods, paired with high-throughput single B cell phenotypic screening and mining of next-generation sequencing datasets with custom algorithms, are used to identify fully-human antibodies with exceptional performance and developability characteristics. We provide our partners both integrated end-to-end capabilities and highly customizable offerings, which address critical industry challenges and provide optimized discovery solutions. 
 
 28 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 86 active partners with 352 active programs using the OmniAb technology platform, including 29 OmniAb-derived antibodies in clinical development by our partners, one under regulatory review, and three approved products of our partners. 
 
 Our proprietary technologies are joined with and leverage a suite of in silico , artificial intelligence and machine learning tools for therapeutic discovery and optimization that are woven throughout our various technologies and capabilities. Additionally, an established core competency focused on ion channels and transporters further differentiates OmniAb s technology and creates opportunities in many important and emerging target classes. OmniAb technologies are designed to be leveraged for the discovery of a variety of next-generation antibody-based therapeutic modalities, including bi- and multi-specific biologics, antibody-drug conjugates, CAR-T therapies, targeted radiotherapeutics, and many others. 
 
 The OmniAb suite of technologies spans from Biological Intelligence-powered repertoire generation to cutting-edge antibody discovery and optimization offering an increasingly efficient and customizable end-to-end solution for the growing discovery needs of the global pharmaceutical industry. 
 
 We partner with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and leading academic institutions that vary in size, clinical stage, geography and therapeutic focus. Our partners gain access to wide repertoires of antibodies and state-of-the-art screening technologies designed to enable efficient discovery of next-generation novel therapeutics and deliver high-quality therapeutic antibody candidates for a wide range of diseases. Our partners can select a biological target to treat a disease and define the antibody properties needed for therapeutic development or use certain of our technologies directly in their own laboratories. 
 
 Our license agreements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology partners generally include: (i) upfront or, in some instances, annual payments for technology access and payments for performance of research services; (ii) downstream payments in the form of preclinical, intellectual property, clinical, regulatory, and commercial milestones; and (iii) royalties on net sales of our partners products, if any. License agreements with academic institutions are typically structured with revenue sharing. We succeed when our partners are successful, and our agreements are structured to align economic and scientific interests. Our license agreements typically include reporting requirements, which provide us updates from our partners on the status of their programs. In addition, we track our active partnered programs by reviewing our partners public announcements and maintaining close communications with our partners to the extent possible. In some instances, a partner may not publicly announce milestones, in which case, we would be generally dependent on our partner to track, report and disclose to us milestones at the time of achievement. Our license agreements typically grant a perpetual license to our technology and are typically terminable by our partners without penalty with specified notice. However, all milestone payments and royalties survive termination and continue with respect to any OmniAb-derived antibodies. The royalty term is generally the longer of 10 years from the first commercial sale or through the last expiration in any jurisdiction of the patents covering such OmniAb-derived antibody. Importantly, our royalty term is typically linked to the composition-of-matter patents that our partners file related to the antibody discovered using our technology, which both lengthens and diversifies the royalty streams we receive. Our typical royalty rates for antibody discovery contracts are currently in the low- to mid-single digits and can vary depending on other economic terms in the agreement. Although our license agreements with pharmaceutical and biotechnology partners typically include technology access fees, milestone payments and royalties, each agreement is negotiated separately and as a result, the financial terms and contractual provisions vary from agreement to agreement. By providing a full suite of antibody discovery technologies with streamlined economics, we believe we offer an attractive option to industry stakeholders. 
 
 We believe the long-term value of our business will be driven by royalties given that such payments are based on global sales of potential future partner programs, which generally provide for larger and recurring payments as compared to technology access, research and milestone payments. We believe our revenue will be materially driven by milestones in the shorter term, and by royalties in the longer term, from our partnered programs. However, there is significant uncertainty in timing and likelihood of reaching marketing authorization in drug discovery and development, and we cannot be certain when, if at all, royalty payments will be a material portion of our revenue. Furthermore, we do not control the progression, clinical development, regulatory strategy or eventual commercialization of programs discovered using our platform, and as a result, we are dependent on our partners efforts and decisions with respect to such programs. 

Key Business Metrics 
 
 We regularly review the following key business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate financial projections and make strategic decisions. We believe that the following metrics are important to understanding our current business. These metrics are highly dependent on information provided by our partners and may change or may be substituted for additional or different metrics as our business continues to grow. 
 29 

Metric Active Partners 
 Active Programs 
 Active Clinical Programs and Approved Products 
 Approved Products 
 December 31, 2023 77 325 32 3 Additions 
 10 39 3 Terminations 
 (1) (12) (2) September 30, 2024 86 352 33 3 
 
 Active partners represents the number of partners that have rights to an active program or have executed a license agreement in advance of initiating an active program. A partner is removed from the metric when the partner informs us they are terminating their license or they are no longer in business. We view this metric as an indication of the competitiveness of our platform and our current level of market penetration. The metric also relates to our opportunities to secure additional active programs. 
 
 Active programs represents a program for which research work has commenced or where an antigen is introduced into our animals and remains so as long as the program is actively being developed or commercialized. This number includes active clinical programs and approved products separately disclosed in the table above. We view this metric as an indication of the usage of our technology and the potential for mid- and long-term milestone and royalty payments. 
 
 Active clinical programs and approved products represents the number of unique programs for which an Investigational New Drug Application or equivalent under other regulatory regimes has been filed based on an OmniAb-derived antibody and which are in clinical development by our partners. We continue to count programs as active as long as they are actively being developed, under regulatory review or commercialized. Where the date of such application is not known to us, we use the official start date from clinical trial registries for the purpose of calculating this metric. This number includes approved products separately disclosed in the table above. We view this metric as an indication of our near- and mid-term potential revenue from milestone fees and potential royalty payments in the long term. 
 
 Approved products represents an OmniAb-derived antibody for which our partner has received marketing approval. We view this metric as an indication of our near- and mid-term potential revenue from royalty payments. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Revenue Three Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Change Change License and milestone revenue 1,375 2,010 (635) (32) Service revenue 2,479 3,016 (537) (18) Royalty revenue 318 451 (133) (29) Total revenue 4,172 5,477 (1,305) (24) 
 
 License and milestone revenue fluctuates primarily due to the timing of upfront license payments and milestone recognition related to our partners programs in clinical development. The decline in license and milestone revenue was primarily driven by more milestone payments recognized in the prior year period. 
 Service revenue declined primarily as a result of the discontinuation of certain ion channel research programs. 
 Royalty revenue declined primarily due to lower net sales from partners product sales. 
 
 30 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Change Change License and milestone revenue 5,216 18,986 (13,770) (73) Service revenue 9,416 9,425 (9) 0 Royalty revenue 955 931 24 3 Total revenue 
 15,587 29,342 (13,755) (47) 
 
 The decline in license and milestone revenue was primarily driven by (1) the recognition in the prior year period of a 10 million milestone related to the first commercial sale of TECVAYLI (teclistamab) in the European Union, (2) the recognition in the prior year period of 2.5 million of milestones related to the start of pivotal studies in two additional indications for batoclimab, and (3) several smaller milestones and license payments, each of which was immaterial. 
 
 Operating Expenses Three Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Change Change Research and development 13,318 13,867 (549) (4) General and administrative 7,079 8,511 (1,432) (17) Amortization of intangibles 3,393 3,398 (5) 0 Other operating expense (income), net 146 16 130 813 Total operating expenses 23,936 25,792 (1,856) (7) 
 
 Research and development expenses declined primarily due to lower share-based compensation expenses. 
 General and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to lower legal and share-based compensation expense. 
 Other operating expense, net, increased primarily due to an increase in contingent liabilities associated with changes in ion channel programs. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Change Change Research and development 41,804 41,759 45 0 General and administrative 23,381 25,444 (2,063) (8) Amortization of intangibles 11,348 10,147 1,201 12 Other operating expense (income), net (2,324) 205 (2,529) (1234) Total operating expenses 74,209 77,555 (3,346) (4) 
 
 Research and development expenses increased slightly as a result of increased contract research expenses and facility and other overhead expenses, partially offset by lower share-based compensation expenses. 
 General and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to non-recurring consulting and other outside service expenses incurred in 2023 related to our separation from Ligand to become a standalone public company as well as lower legal and share-based compensation expense. 
 Amortization of intangibles increased primarily due to a 1.2 million impairment of certain of our finite-lived intangible assets related to legacy acquired assets. 
 Other operating income, net increased primarily due to a 2.4 million reduction in contingent liabilities attributed to changes in ion channel programs. 
 
 31 

Research and Development Expenses 
 
 Research and development expenses consist of (1) personnel related expenses, including salaries, benefits and share-based compensation, (2) external expenses, including third-party costs for goods and services such as lab supplies and contract research, and (3) facility and other overhead expenses, including depreciation and occupancy costs. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Change Change Personnel related expenses 
 6,756 7,244 (488) (7) External expenses 3,850 4,015 (165) (4) Facility and other overhead expenses 
 2,712 2,608 104 4 Total research and development expenses 
 13,318 13,867 (549) (4) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Change Change Personnel related expenses 
 21,469 21,881 (412) (2) External expenses 12,388 12,094 294 2 Facility and other overhead expenses 
 7,947 7,784 163 2 Total research and development expenses 
 41,804 41,759 45 0 
 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 
 Other income (expense), net during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily related to interest earned on short-term investments. The decline in interest income related to lower short-term investment balances as well as declines in interest rates. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Change Change Loss before income taxes 
 (19,081) (19,042) (39) 0 Income tax benefit 2,708 3,304 (596) (18) Net loss (16,373) (15,738) (635) 4 Effective tax rate 
 (14.2) (17.4) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Change Change Loss before income taxes 
 (56,188) (44,335) (11,853) 27 Income tax benefit 7,223 7,769 (546) (7) Net loss (48,965) (36,566) (12,399) 34 Effective tax rate 
 (12.9) (17.5) 
 
 Our effective tax rate is affected by recurring items, such as the U.S. federal and state statutory tax rates and the relative amounts of income we earn in those jurisdictions. The tax rate is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year. 
 
 Our effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the federal statutory tax rate of 21.0 due to share-based compensation expense that is not tax deductible and an increase to our valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets, partially offset by the tax benefit from research and development tax credits. Our effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the federal statutory tax rate of 21.0 due to share-based compensation expense that is not tax deductible and increases to our valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets, partially offset by the tax benefit of research and development tax credits. 
 32 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Prior to our spin-off from Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Ligand in November 2022, funding from Ligand was our primary source of liquidity. We were capitalized with 95.8 million in net cash in connection with the closing of the business combination pursuant to which OmniAb Operations, Inc., a then wholly-owned subsidiary of Ligand OmniAb Operations ), was spun off and merged with Orwell Merger Sub Inc., our then wholly-owned subsidiary, with OmniAb Operations surviving as our wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were 59.4 million. We believe our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are sufficient to support our operations through at least the next 12 months. 
 
 If our anticipated cash flows from operations and current cash are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements because of increased expenditures or lower demand for our technology platform, or the realization of other risks, we may be required to raise additional capital through issuances of public or private equity or debt financing or other capital sources. Such additional financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. In any event, we may consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business, to pursue strategic investments or acquisitions, to take advantage of favorable market conditions or financing opportunities or for other reasons. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 our ability to achieve revenue growth; 
 the costs of expanding our operations, including our business development and marketing efforts; 
 our rate of progress in selling access to our platform and marketing activities associated therewith; 
 our rate of progress in, and cost of research and development activities associated with, our platform technologies and our internal developed programs to the extent we pursue any such programs; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 the impact of pandemic or epidemic diseases on global social, political and economic conditions; 
 our efforts to enhance operational systems and hire additional personnel to satisfy our obligations as a public company; 
 the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patents and other intellectual property and proprietary rights; and 
 the costs associated with any technologies that we may in-license or acquire. 
 
 In December 2023, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM (the Sales Agreement ), with Jefferies LLC (the Sales Agent under which we may, from time to time, sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 100.0 million in an at the market ATM offerings program through the Sales Agent. Sales of the shares of common stock, if any, will be made at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, or as otherwise agreed with the Sales Agent. The Sales Agent will receive a commission from us of up to 3.0 of the gross proceeds of any shares of common stock sold under the Sales Agreement. Sales of our common stock made pursuant to the Sales Agreement are made under our shelf registration statement on Form S 3 which was filed on December 8, 2023 and declared effective by the SEC on December 18, 2023. We are not obligated to sell, and the Sales Agent is not obligated to buy or sell, any shares of common stock under the Sales Agreement. 
 
 We anticipate that our principal uses of cash in the future will be primarily to fund our operations, working capital needs, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. 
 
 Additionally, we may receive up to 218.6 million from the exercise of our warrants, assuming the exercise in full of all the warrants for cash, but not from the sale of the shares of our common stock issuable upon such exercise. As of the date of this report, our warrants are out of the money, which means that the trading price of the shares of our common stock underlying our warrants is below the 11.50 exercise price of the warrants. For so long as the warrants remain out of the money, we do not expect warrant holders to exercise their warrants. Therefore, any cash proceeds that we may receive in relation to the exercise of such securities will be dependent on the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Cash Flow Summary 
 
 33 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (Dollars in thousands) 
 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities (35,792) 11,468 (47,260) Investing activities 37,499 (23,106) 60,605 Financing activities 9,171 (396) 9,567 
 
 Cash from Operating Activities: 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities of 35.8 million primarily reflected our net loss of 49.0 million, changes in our operating assets and liabilities in the amount of 8.8 million, partially offset by net non-cash charges of 22.0 million which primarily included 16.4 million in share-based compensation and 16.0 million in depreciation and amortization. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by operating activities of 11.5 million primarily reflected changes in our operating assets and liabilities in the amount of 24.9 million, net non-cash charges of 23.2 million which primarily included 18.9 million in share-based compensation, and 14.6 million in depreciation and amortization, partially offset by our net loss of 36.6 million. 
 
 Cash from Investing Activities: 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , cash provided by investing activities of 37.5 million primarily consisted of 63.5 million of proceeds from the maturity of short-term investments and 1.9 million from the sale of short-term investments, partially offset by 25.7 million of cash used to purchase short-term investments and 1.8 million of cash used to purchase property and equipment. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , cash used in investing activities of 23.1 million primarily consisted of 86.9 million of cash used to purchase short-term investments and 3.6 million of payments to contingent liabilities holders, partially offset by 66.3 million of proceeds from the maturity of short-term investments. 
 
 Cash from Financing Activities: 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , cash provided by financing activities was 9.2 million, which primarily consisted of 8.5 million of p roceeds from the issuance of common stock under the ATM facility, net of commissions and 2.3 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock from stock plans, partially offset by 1.0 million of taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards and 0.5 million of transaction costs. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 , cash used in financing activities was 0.4 million, which primarily consisted of 0.9 million of taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards and 0.5 million of transaction costs, partially offset by 1.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock from stock plans. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For the summary of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our financial statements included in this Quarterly Report. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to our market risks from the discussion provided in Item 7A of our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 34 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic and current reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based upon such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of such date. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 35 

Part II Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For information that updates the disclosures set forth under Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings in our 2023 Annual Report, refer to Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1, of this report. 
 
 From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings. We are not currently a party to or aware of any proceedings that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on our business because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 We do not believe that there have been any material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our 2023 Annual Report. The risk factors described in our 2023 Annual Report are not the only risks we face. Factors we currently do not know, factors that we currently consider immaterial or factors that are not specific to us, such as general economic conditions, may also materially adversely affect our business or our consolidated operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements 
 
 From time to time, our officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) and directors may enter into Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as each such term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers or directors , modified, or any such trading arrangements. 
 
 36 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Exhibit Form File Number Date of Filing Exhibit 
 Number 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 2.1+ 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 23, 2022, by and among Avista Public Acquisition Corp. II, Orwell Merger Sub Inc., Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and OmniAb, Inc. S-4 333-264525 September 27, 2022 2.1 2.2+ 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated March 23, 2022, by and among Avista Public Acquisition Corp. II, Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated and OmniAb, Inc. S-4 333-264525 September 27, 2022 2.2 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 10-K 001-40720 March 30, 2023 3.1 3.2 
 Bylaws of the Registrant 8-K 001-40720 November 7, 2022 3.2 4.1 
 Warrant Agreement, dated August 9, 2021, between Avista Public Acquisition Corp. II and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent 8-K 001-40720 August 12, 2021 4.1 4.2 
 Assignment, Assumption and Amendment Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, by and among OmniAb, Inc., Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 8-K 001-40720 November 7, 2022 4.2 4.3 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate S-1/A 333-257177 July 28, 2021 4.3 4.4 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of OmniAb, Inc. S-4 333-264525 September 27, 2022 4.5 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, as required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 _____________ 
 + Certain schedules and annexes have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or annex will be furnished as a supplement to the SEC upon request. 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 37 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Kurt Gustafson Kurt Gustafson Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2024q3exhibit311-ceocert.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew W. Foehr, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OmniAb, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 By s Matthew W. Foehr 
 Name Matthew W. Foehr 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2024q3exhibit312-cfocert.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Kurt A. Gustafson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OmniAb, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 12, 2024 By s Kurt A. Gustafson 
 Name Kurt A. Gustafson 
 Title Executive Vice President, Finance and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2024q3ex321-ceosoxcert.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of OmniAb, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 12, 2024 By s Matthew W. Foehr 
 Name Matthew W. Foehr 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a2024q3ex322-cfosoxcert.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of OmniAb, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 12, 2024 By s Kurt A. Gustafson 
 Name Kurt A. Gustafson 
 Title Executive Vice President, Finance and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 oabi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 oabi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 oabi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 oabi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 oabi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

