<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1382821_0001382821-24-000187.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12764191</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146662</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1805081</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5445443</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2715366</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2347850</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001382821-24-000187.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107160437
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001382821-24-000187
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Redfin Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001382821
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE AGENTS & MANAGERS (FOR OTHERS) [6531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38160
		FILM NUMBER:		241435479

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1099 STEWART STREET, SUITE 600
		CITY:			seattle
		STATE:			wa
		ZIP:			98101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(206) 576-8610

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1099 STEWART STREET, SUITE 600
		CITY:			seattle
		STATE:			wa
		ZIP:			98101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Redfin CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061206

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001382821-24-000187.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 rdfn-20240930.htm
 10-Q

rdfn-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___ to ___ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 
 Yes 
 No 
 
 The registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of November 1, 2024. 

Redfin Corporation 
 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART I 
 Page 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 4 
 Index to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 54 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 55 
 PART II 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 56 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 56 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 57 
 Signatures 
 58 

As used in this quarterly report, the terms "Redfin," "we," "us," and "our" refer to Redfin Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, unless otherwise noted or unless the context indicates otherwise. However, when referencing (i) the 2023 notes, the 2025 notes, and the 2027 notes, the terms we, us, and our refer only to Redfin Corporation and not to Redfin Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the Apollo term loan, the terms we, us, and our refer only to Redfin Corporation and its subsidiaries except for Bay Equity LLC, taken as a whole, and (ii) each warehouse credit facility, the terms "we," "us," and "our" refer to Bay Equity LLC. 
 
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This quarterly report contains forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this report other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, our market growth and trends, and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, could, would, project, plan, "hope, potentially, preliminary, likely, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described under Item 1A of our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Part II, Item 1A of our quarterly report for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the effect of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, performance, or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations. 
 
 Note Regarding Industry and Market Data 
 
 This quarterly report contains information using industry publications that generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but such information may not be accurate or complete. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the information from these industry publications, we have not independently verified any of the data from third-party sources nor have we ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied on therein. 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

Redfin Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowances for credit losses of and 
 Loans held for sale Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets, net Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Long-term investments Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets, noncurrent Total assets Liabilities, mezzanine equity, and stockholders' (deficit) equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued and other liabilities Warehouse credit facilities Lease liabilities Total current liabilities Lease liabilities, noncurrent Convertible senior notes, net, noncurrent Term loan Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Stockholders (deficit) equity 
 Common stock par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders (deficit) equity ) Total liabilities, mezzanine equity, and stockholders (deficit) equity 
 
 See Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Redfin Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Technology and development Marketing General and administrative Restructuring and reorganization Total operating expenses Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income tax expense ) ) ) Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Net loss from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Net loss from discontinued operations ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Dividends on convertible preferred stock ) ) ) ) Net loss from continuing operations attributable to common stock basic and diluted Net loss attributable to common stock basic and diluted Net loss from continuing operations per share attributable to common stock basic and diluted Net loss attributable to common stock per share basic and diluted Weighted-average shares to compute net loss per share attributable to common stock basic and diluted Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale debt securities 
 Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Redfin Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands, unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net loss 
 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Non-cash lease expense Impairment costs Net gain on IRLCs, forward sales commitments, and loans held for sale ) ) Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights, net ) Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes ) ) Other ) Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventory Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable Accrued and other liabilities, deferred tax liabilities, and payroll tax liabilities, noncurrent ) Lease liabilities ) ) Origination of mortgage servicing rights ) ) Proceeds from sale of mortgage servicing rights Origination of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans originated as held for sale Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of investments ) Sales of investments Maturities of investments Net cash provided by investing activities Financing activities Proceeds from the issuance of common stock pursuant to employee equity plans Tax payments related to net share settlements on restricted stock units ) ) Borrowings from warehouse credit facilities Repayments to warehouse credit facilities ) ) Principal payments under finance lease obligations ) ) Repurchases of convertible senior notes ) ) Repayments of convertible senior notes ) Repayment of term loan principal ) Payments of debt issuance costs ) Proceeds from term loan Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Beginning of period (1) 
 End of period (2) 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest 
 Non-cash transactions Stock-based compensation capitalized in property and equipment 
 
 (1) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash consisted of the following (beginning of period): 
 As of December 31, 2023 2022 Continuing operations Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total Discontinued operations Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 (2) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash consisted of the following (end of period): 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Continuing operations Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total Discontinued operations Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 See Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Redfin Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 
 (in thousands, except share amounts, unaudited) 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' 
 (Deficit) Equity 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Issuance of convertible preferred stock, net Issuance of common stock as dividend on convertible preferred stock Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase program Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock pursuant to settlement of restricted stock units ) Common stock surrendered for employees' tax liability upon settlement of restricted stock units ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income 
 Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of convertible preferred stock, net Issuance of common stock as dividend on convertible preferred stock Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock pursuant to settlement of restricted stock units ) Common stock surrendered for employees' tax liability upon settlement of restricted stock units ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income 
 Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' 
 (Deficit) Equity 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of convertible preferred stock, net Issuance of common stock as dividend on convertible preferred stock Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase program Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock pursuant to settlement of restricted stock units ) Common stock surrendered for employees' tax liability upon settlement of restricted stock units ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of convertible preferred stock, net Issuance of common stock as dividend on convertible preferred stock Issuance of common stock pursuant to employee stock purchase program Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock pursuant to settlement of restricted stock units ) Common stock surrendered for employees' tax liability upon settlement of restricted stock units ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 See Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Index to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1: Summary of Accounting Policies 
 7 
 Note 2: Discontinued Operations 
 8 
 Note 3: Segment Reporting and Revenue 
 9 
 Note 4: Financial Instruments 
 11 
 Note 5: Property and Equipment 
 15 
 Note 6: Leases 
 16 
 Note 7: Commitments and Contingencies 
 17 
 Note 8: Acquired Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 19 
 Note 9: Accrued and Other Liabilities 
 20 
 Note 10: Mezzanine Equity 
 20 
 Note 11: Equity and Equity Compensation Plans 
 21 
 Note 12: Net Loss From Continuing Operations per Share Attributable to Common Stock 
 24 
 Note 13: Income Taxes 
 25 
 Note 14: Debt 
 26 
 Note 15: Subsequent Events 
 30 
 
 6 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Redfin Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts, unaudited) 

Note 1: 

7 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Note 2: 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 Gross profit 
 ) Operating expenses Technology and development 
 Marketing 
 General and administrative 
 Restructuring and reorganization Total operating expenses 
 Loss from discontinued operations 
 ) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, and other expense, net 
 Net loss from discontinued operations ) Net loss from discontinued operations per share basic and diluted 
 
 Significant non-cash items and capital expenditures of the discontinued operations were as follows for the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Charges specifically relating to the wind-down of our properties segment were as follows: 
 Cost type Financial statement line item Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Cumulative amount recognized as of September 30, 2023 
 Employee termination costs Restructuring and reorganization Asset write-offs Restructuring and reorganization Other Restructuring and reorganization ) ) Acceleration of debt issuance costs Interest expense Total 
 
 8 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Note 3: 
 
 operating segments and reportable segments, real estate services, rentals, and mortgage. 
 
 We generate revenue primarily from commissions and fees charged on each real estate services transaction closed by our lead agents or partner agents, from subscription-based product offerings for our rentals business, and from the origination, sales, and servicing of mortgages. Our key revenue components are brokerage revenue, partner revenue, rentals revenue, mortgage revenue, and other revenue. 

Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Technology and development Marketing General and administrative Restructuring and reorganization Total operating expenses (Loss) income from continuing operations ) ) ) ) ) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, and other expense, net ) ) ) Net (loss) income from continuing operations ) ) ) ) ) 
 9 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Technology and development Marketing ) General and administrative Total operating expenses (Loss) income from continuing operations 
 ) ) ) ) ) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, and other expense, net 
 ) Net (loss) income from continuing operations 
 ) ) ) ) ) 

Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Technology and development Marketing General and administrative Restructuring and reorganization Total operating expenses (Loss) income from continuing operations ) ) ) ) ) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, and other expense, net ) ) ) Net (loss) income from continuing operations ) ) ) ) ) 
 10 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Technology and development Marketing General and administrative Restructuring and reorganization Total operating expenses (Loss) income from continuing operations 
 ) ) ) ) ) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, and other expense, net 
 ) Net (loss) income from continuing operations 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Included in revenue is from providing services to our discontinued properties segment. 

Note 4: 
 
 and days and the borrower is not obligated to obtain the loan. Therefore, IRLCs are subject to fallout risk, which occurs when approved borrowers choose not to close on the underlying loans. We review our commitment-to-closing ratio ("pull-through rate") as part of an estimate of the number of mortgage loans that will fund according to the IRLCs. 
 
 The notional amounts of our forward sales commitments and IRLCs were as follows: 
 IRLCs 
 
 11 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements IRLCs Revenue ) ) 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Total cash equivalents Loans held for sale Other current assets Forward sales commitments IRLCs Total other current assets Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Total assets Liabilities Accrued liabilities Forward sales commitments IRLCs Total liabilities 
 
 12 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Total cash equivalents Short-term investments U.S. treasury securities Agency bonds Total short-term investments Loans held for sale Other current assets IRLCs Total other current assets Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value Long-term investments U.S. treasury securities Total assets Liabilities Accrued liabilities Forward sales commitments IRLCs Total liabilities 
 
 There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 financial instruments during the periods presented. 
 
 The significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of IRLCs is the pull-through rate. Significant changes in the input could result in a significant change in fair value measurement. 
 
 - 
 - 
 MSRs Prepayment speed Discounted cash flow - 
 - 
 Default rates Discounted cash flow - 
 - 
 Discount rate Discounted cash flow - 
 - 
 
 13 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

Issuances of IRLCs Settlements of IRLCs ) ) ) ) Fair value changes recognized in earnings ) ) Balance, net end of period 
 
 The following is a summary of changes in the fair value of MSRs: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Balance beginning of period MSRs originated MSRs sales (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Fair value changes recognized in earnings 
 ) ) ) Balance, net end of period 
 (1) On May 31, 2024 we sold of our MSRs to Freedom Mortgage Corporation. 
 
 2027 notes 
 
 The estimated fair value of our convertible senior notes is based on the closing trading price of the notes on the last day of trading for the period and is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy due to the limited trading activity of the notes. See Note 14 for additional details on our convertible senior notes. 
 
 See Note 10 for the carrying amount of our convertible preferred stock. 
 
 Assets and liabilities recognized or disclosed at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include items such as property and equipment, goodwill and other intangible assets, and other assets. These assets are remeasured at fair value if determined to be impaired. 
 
 14 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Money markets funds Level 1 Restricted cash N/A Total 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Hierarchy Cost or Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash Short-term Investments Long-term Investments Cash N/A Money markets funds Level 1 Restricted cash N/A U.S. treasury securities Level 1 ) Agency bonds Level 1 ) Total ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had accrued interest and accrued interest of , respectively, on our available-for-sale investments, of which we have recorded expected credit losses. Accrued interest receivable is recorded in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. 

Note 5: 
 
 Website and software development costs - 
 Computer and office equipment - 
 Software Furniture Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Construction in progress Property and equipment, net 
 
 The following table summarizes depreciation and amortization and capitalized software development costs: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation and amortization for property and equipment Capitalized software development costs, including stock-based compensation 
 
 15 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Note 6: 
 
 years, and prior to September 30, 2024, vehicles under noncancelable finance leases with terms of . Generally, the operating leases require a fixed minimum rent with contractual minimum rent increases over the lease term. 
 Operating lease cost (operating expenses) 
 Short-term lease cost 
 Sublease income 
 ) ) ) ) Total operating lease cost Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest (1) 
 Present value of lease liabilities 
 (1) Includes interest on operating leases of due within the next twelve months. 
 (2) Excludes sublease income. As of September 30, 2024, we expect sublease income of approximately to be received for the remainder of fiscal year 2024. 
 Weighted-average remaining finance lease term (years) 
 N/A Weighted-average discount rate for operating leases 
 Weighted-average discount rate for finance leases 
 N/A 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Supplemental Cash Flow Information 2024 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Operating leases 
 Finance leases 
 
 16 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Note 7: 
 
 patents claimed to be owned by Surefield without its authorization or license. Surefield sought an unspecified amount of damages and an injunction against us offering products and services that allegedly infringe the patents at issue. On May 17, 2022, the jury returned a verdict in our favor, finding that we did not infringe any of the asserted claims of the patents claimed to be owned by Surefield, and accordingly, we do not owe any damages to Surefield. The jury also found that all asserted claims of Surefield s claimed patents were invalid. The court entered final judgment on August 15, 2022. On September 12, 2022, Surefield filed a motion for judgment as a matter of law and a motion for a new trial. In the motions, Surefield asserts that no jury could have found non-infringement based on the trial record, among other things. We filed oppositions to the motions on October 3, 2022 and Surefield filed replies on October 21, 2022. On October 7, 2024, the court appointed a technical advisor to assist the court with the pending post-trial motions. 
 
 Lawsuits Alleging Misclassification On August 28, 2019, Devin Cook, who was one of our former independent contractor licensed sales associates, whom we call associate agents, filed a complaint against us in the Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco. The plaintiff initially pled the complaint as a class action and alleged that we misclassified her as an independent contractor instead of an employee. The plaintiff also sought unspecified penalties pursuant to representative claims under California s Private Attorney General Act ("PAGA"). On January 30, 2020, the plaintiff filed a first amended complaint dismissing her class action claim and asserting only claims under PAGA. 
 
 On November 20, 2020, Jason Bell, who was one of our former lead agents as well as a former associate agent, filed a complaint against us in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. The complaint was pled as a class action and alleges that, (1) during the time he served as an associate agent, we misclassified him as an independent contractor instead of an employee and (2) during the time he served as a lead agent, we misclassified him as an employee who was exempt from minimum wage and overtime laws. The plaintiff also asserted representative claims under PAGA. The plaintiff sought unspecified amounts of unpaid overtime wages, regular wages, meal and rest period compensation, waiting time and other penalties, injunctive and other equitable relief, and plaintiff's attorneys' fees and costs. 
 
 17 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 . On April 7, 2023, plaintiffs filed a motion for preliminary approval of the class settlements. The motion for preliminary approval of the class settlement was granted by the court on May 4, 2023. The motion for final approval of the class settlement was granted on November 28, 2023. The settlement funds have been paid and are being distributed to class members. The Court entered an order closing the case on July 19, 2024. 
 
 Lawsuits Alleging Antitrust Violations Since October 2023, a number of class action lawsuits have been filed on behalf of putative classes of home buyers and home sellers against the National Association of Realtors, local real estate associations, multiple listing services, and various residential real estate brokerages in various federal districts in the United States. Some of these lawsuits name Redfin as a defendant, including: 
 Don Gibson, et al. v. National Association of Realtors, et al. , Case no. 4:23-cv-00788-SRB, filed on October 31, 2023 in United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri (the Gibson Action ). 
 Mya Batton et al. v. Compass, Inc., et al. , Case no. 1:23-cv-15618, filed on November 2, 2023 in United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. 
 1925 Hooper LLC, et al. v. The National Association of Realtors, et al. , Case no. 1:23-cv-05392-SEG, filed on December 6, 2023 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. 
 Daniel Umpa v. The National Association of Realtors, et al. , Case no. 4:23-cv-00945-FJG, filed on December 27, 2023 in the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri (the Umpa Action ). 
 Nathaniel Whaley v. National Association of Realtors, et al. , Case no. 2:24-cv-00105-GMN-MDC, filed on January 25, 2024 in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada. 
 Angela Boykin v. National Association of Realtors, et al. , Case No. 2:24-cv-00340, filed on February 16, 2024 in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada. 
 Freedlund v. Redfin Corporation, et al. , Case No. 2:24-cv-01561, filed on February 26, 2024 in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. 
 Rajninder (Raven) Jutla, et al. v. Redfin Corporation, et al. , Case No. 2:24-cv-00464, filed on April 1, 2024 in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California and transferred on April 5, 2024, to the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington. 
 
 These lawsuits variously allege a conspiracy to fix prices stemming from a National Association of Realtors rule, which allegedly requires brokers to make a blanket, non-negotiable offer of buyer broker compensation when listing a property on a multiple listing service. The plaintiffs generally seek injunctive relief, unspecified damages under federal antitrust law, and unspecified damages under various state laws. The Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation denied a motion to consolidate some of these cases as In re Real Estate Commission Antitrust Litigation , MDL No. 3100 on April 12, 2024. At this time, except as set forth below, we are unable to predict the potential outcome of these lawsuits. 
 
 On May 3, 2024, we entered into a settlement term sheet (the Proposed Settlement and on June 26, 2024, we executed a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement to resolve, on a nationwide basis, all claims asserted in the Gibson Action and the Umpa Action, each pending in the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri. These two cases are collectively referred to as The Lawsuits. The Settlement Agreement resolves all claims in the Lawsuits and similar claims on behalf of home sellers on a nationwide basis against Redfin (the Claims and releases Redfin, its subsidiaries and its employees and contractors from the Claims. Neither the Proposed Settlement nor the Settlement Agreement include any admissions of liability. 
 
 Under the Settlement Agreement, Redfin paid (the Settlement Amount into a qualified settlement fund on August 26, 2024. The Settlement Amount is included in other current assets and accrued and other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. In the first quarter of 2024, we recorded the Settlement Amount to general and administrative in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. Redfin also agreed to implement or continue certain practices outlined in the Settlement Agreement. 
 
 18 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 to Plaintiff and each class member, (ii) costs and attorneys fees, (iii) preliminary and injunctive relief, (iv) declaratory relief, and (v) pre-and post-judgment interest. At this time we are unable to predict the potential outcome of this lawsuit. 
 
 Other Commitments 
 
 Our title and settlement business and our mortgage business each hold cash in escrow at third-party financial institutions on behalf of homebuyers and home sellers. As of September 30, 2024, we held in escrow and did not record this amount on our consolidated balance sheets. We may be held contingently liable for the disposition of the cash we hold in escrow. 

Note 8: 

) ) Developed technology 
 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense amounted to and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 19 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Estimated remaining amortization expense 
 
 Goodwill 

Note 9: 
 
 Miscellaneous accrued liabilities 
 Legal contingencies Customer contract liabilities Total accrued and other liabilities 

Note 10: 
 
 shares of our common stock, at a price of per share, and shares of our preferred stock, at a price of per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of . We designated this preferred stock as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (our "convertible preferred stock"). Our convertible preferred stock is classified as mezzanine equity in our consolidated financial statements as the substantive conversion features at the option of the holder precludes liability classification. We have determined there are no material embedded features that require recognition as a derivative asset or liability. 
 
 We allocated the gross proceeds of to the common stock issuance and the convertible preferred stock issuance based on the standalone fair value of the issuances, resulting in a fair valuation of for the preferred stock, which is also the stated value of the mandatory redemption amount. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of our convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs, is , and holders have earned unpaid stock dividends in the amount of shares of common stock. This stock dividend was issued on October 1, 2024. These shares are included in basic and diluted net loss from continuing operations per share attributable to common stock in Note 12. As of September 30, 2024, shares of the preferred stock have been converted, and the preferred stock was not redeemable, nor probable to become redeemable in the future as there is a more than remote chance the shares will be automatically converted prior to the mandatory redemption date. The number of shares of common stock reserved for future issuance resulting from dividends, conversion, or redemption with respect to the preferred stock was as of the issuance date. 
 
 20 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 -day fiscal year at a rate of per annum based on the issue price and are payable quarterly in arrears on the first business day following the end of each calendar quarter. Assuming we satisfy certain conditions, we will pay dividends in shares of common stock at a rate of the dividend payable divided by . If we do not satisfy such conditions, we will pay dividends in a cash amount equal to (i) the dividend shares otherwise issuable on the dividends multiplied by (ii) the volume-weighted average closing price of our common stock for the ten trading days preceding the date the dividends are payable. 
 
 Participation Rights Holders of our convertible preferred stock are entitled to dividends paid and distributions made to holders of our common stock to the same extent as if such preferred stockholders had converted their shares of preferred stock into common stock and held such shares on the record date for such dividends and distributions. 
 
 Conversion Holders may convert their convertible preferred stock into common stock at any time at a rate per share of preferred stock equal to the issue price divided by (the "conversion price"). A holder that converts will also receive any dividend shares resulting from accrued dividends. 
 
 Our convertible preferred stock may also be automatically converted to shares of our common stock. If the closing price of our common stock exceeds per share until trading days prior to November 30, 2024, for each day of any consecutive trading days, then each outstanding share of preferred stock will automatically convert into a number of shares of our common stock at a rate per share of preferred stock equal to the issue price divided by the conversion price. Upon an automatic conversion, a holder will also receive any dividend shares resulting from accrued dividends. 
 
 Redemption On November 30, 2024, we will be required to redeem any outstanding shares of our convertible preferred stock, and each holder may elect to receive cash, shares of common stock, or a combination of cash and shares. If a holder elects to receive cash, we will pay, for each share of preferred stock, an amount equal to the issue price plus any accrued dividends. If a holder elects to receive shares, we will issue, for each share of preferred stock, a number of shares of common stock at a rate of the issue price divided by the conversion price plus any dividend shares resulting from accrued dividends. 
 
 A holder of our convertible preferred stock has the right to require us to redeem up to all shares of preferred stock it holds following certain events outlined in the document governing the preferred stock. If a holder redeems as the result of such events, such holder may elect to receive cash or shares of common stock, as calculated in the same manner as the mandatory redemption described above. Additionally, such holder will also receive, in cash or shares of common stock as elected by the holder, an amount equal to all scheduled dividend payments on the preferred stock for all remaining dividend periods from the date the holder gives its notice of redemption. 
 
 Liquidation Rights Upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, holders of our convertible preferred stock will be entitled to receive cash out of our assets prior to holders of the common stock. 

Note 11: 
 
 shares of common stock with a par value of per share. 
 
 Preferred Stock As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorized us to issue shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. 
 
 Amended and Restated 2004 Equity Incentive Plan We granted options under our 2004 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (our "2004 Plan"), until July 26, 2017, when we terminated it in connection with our initial public offering. Accordingly, shares are available for future issuance under our 2004 Plan. Our 2004 Plan continues to govern outstanding equity awards granted thereunder. The term of each stock option under the plan is no more than years, and each stock option generally vests over a period. 
 
 21 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 . The number of shares reserved for issuance under our 2017 EIP will increase automatically on January 1 of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2018, and continuing through January 1, 2028, by the number of shares equal to the lesser of of the total outstanding shares of our common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31 or an amount determined by our board of directors. The term of each stock option and restricted stock unit under the plan will not exceed years, and each award generally vests between two and . 
 
 Restricted stock units outstanding Shares available for future equity grants Total shares reserved for future issuance 
 
 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Our 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (our "ESPP") was approved by our board of directors on July 27, 2017 and enables eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at a discount. Purchases will be accomplished through participation in discrete offering periods. We initially reserved shares of common stock for issuance under our ESPP. The number of shares reserved for issuance under our ESPP will increase automatically on January 1 of each calendar year beginning after the first offering date and continuing through January 1, 2028, by the number of shares equal to the lesser of of the total outstanding shares of our common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31 or an amount determined by our board of directors. On each purchase date, eligible employees will purchase our common stock at a price per share equal to of the lesser of (i) the fair market value of our common stock on the first trading day of the offering period and (ii) the fair market value of our common stock on the purchase date. 
 
 Shares issued during the period ) ) Total shares available for future issuance at end of period 
 
 Stock Options 
 Options exercised ) Options expired ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Options exercisable as of September 30, 2024 

The grant date fair value of our stock options was recorded as stock-based compensation over the stock options' vesting period. All outstanding options were fully vested as of September 30, 2024. We did not recognize any option-related expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 22 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited or canceled ) Outstanding or deferred as of September 30, 2024 1) 
 
 (1) Starting with the restricted stock units granted to them in June 2019, our non-employee directors have the option to defer the issuance of common stock receivable upon vesting of such restricted stock units until days following the day they are no longer providing services to us or, if earlier, upon a change in control transaction. The amount reported as vested excludes restricted stock units that have vested but whose settlement into shares has been deferred. The amount reported as outstanding or deferred as of September 30, 2024 includes these restricted stock units. As no further conditions exist to prevent the issuance of the shares of common stock underlying these restricted stock units, the shares are included in basic and diluted weighted shares outstanding used to calculate net loss per share attributable to common stock. The amount of shares whose issuance have been deferred is not considered material and is not reported separately from stock-based compensation in our consolidated statements of changes in mezzanine equity and stockholders (deficit) equity. 
 
 The grant date fair value of restricted stock units is recorded as stock-based compensation over the vesting period. As of September 30, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were restricted stock units subject to performance and market conditions ("PSUs") at of the target level. Depending on our achievement of the performance and market conditions, the actual number of shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of PSUs will range from to of the target amount. For each PSU recipient, the awards will vest only if the recipient is continuing to provide service to us upon our board of directors, or its compensation committee, certifying that we have achieved the PSU's related performance or market conditions. Stock-based compensation expense for PSUs with performance conditions is recognized when it is probable that the performance conditions will be achieved. For PSUs with market conditions, the market condition is reflected in the grant-date fair value of the award and the expense is recognized over the life of the award. 

Reassessment of achievement of performance conditions ) ) ) ) Total expense 
 
 Compensation Cost 
 Technology and development (1) 
 Marketing General and administrative Stock-based compensation from continuing operations Stock-based compensation from discontinued operations (1) 
 Total stock-based compensation 
 (1) Net of and of stock-based compensation that was capitalized in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively and and in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 23 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Note 12: ) ) ) Dividends on convertible preferred stock ) ) ) ) Net loss from continuing operations attributable to common stock basic and diluted Denominator: Weighted-average shares basic and diluted (1) 
 Net loss from continuing operations per share attributable to common stock basic and diluted 
 (1) Basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding include (i) common stock earned but not yet issued related to share-based dividends on our convertible preferred stock, and (ii) restricted stock units that have vested but whose settlement into common stock were deferred at the option of certain non-employee directors. 
 
 2027 notes as if converted (1) 
 Convertible preferred stock as if converted Stock options outstanding Restricted stock units outstanding (2)(3) 
 Employee stock purchase plan Total 
 (1) Based on the closing price of our common stock of on September 30, 2024, the if-converted values of both convertible notes were less than the principal amounts. 
 (2) Excludes incremental PSUs that could vest, assuming applicable performance criteria and market conditions are achieved at of target, which is the maximum achievement level. See Note 11 for additional information regarding PSUs. 
 restricted stock units that have vested but whose settlement into common stock were deferred at the option of certain non-employee directors as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 24 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Note 13: 
 
 resulting in an effective tax rate of ) , which is primarily a result of current state income taxes. Our current income tax expense was supplemented by deferred tax expenses associated with increases to indefinite-lived deferred tax liabilities created through the Company s April 2, 2021 acquisition of Rent., and April 1, 2022 acquisition of Bay Equity. Our September 30, 2023 effective tax rate of with respect to continuing operations, and ) with respect to our total net loss from both continuing and discontinued operations, is primarily a result of current state taxes which are supplemented by deferred tax expenses associated with increases to indefinite-lived deferred tax liabilities created through the Company s April 2, 2021 acquisition of Rent., and April 1, 2022 acquisition of Bay Equity. 
 
 In determining the realizability of the net U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets, we consider numerous factors including historical profitability, estimated future taxable income, prudent and feasible tax planning strategies, and the industry in which we operate. Management reassesses the realization of the deferred tax assets each reporting period, which resulted in a valuation allowance against the full amount of our U.S. deferred tax assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. To the extent that the financial results of our U.S. operations improve in the future and the deferred tax assets become realizable, we will reduce the valuation allowance through earnings. 
 
 Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, substantial changes in our ownership may limit the amount of net operating loss ("NOL") and income tax credit carryforwards that could be utilized annually in the future to offset taxable income and income tax liabilities. Any such annual limitation may significantly reduce the utilization of the NOLs and income tax credits before they expire. A Section 382 limitation study performed as of March 31, 2017 determined that we experienced an ownership change in 2006 with of the 2006 NOL and of the 2006 research and development tax credit unavailable for future use. Furthermore, in connection with our acquisition of Rent., Rent. experienced an ownership change that triggered Section 382. As of September 30, 2021, Rent. completed a Section 382 limitation study and, based on this analysis, we do not expect a reduction in the availability of Rent.'s pre-change NOLs. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had accumulated approximately of federal net operating losses, approximately (tax effected) of state net operating losses, and approximately of foreign net operating losses. Federal net operating losses are available to offset federal taxable income and begin to expire in 2024, with net operating loss carryforwards of generated after 2017 available to offset future U.S. federal taxable income over an indefinite period. 
 
 Net research and development credit carryforwards of and are available as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, to reduce future liabilities. The research and development credit carryforwards begin to expire in 2026. 
 
 Deductible but limited federal business interest expense carryforwards of and are available as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, to offset future U.S. federal taxable income over an indefinite period. 
 
 Our material income tax jurisdiction is the United States (federal) and Canada (foreign). As a result of NOL carryforwards, we are subject to audit for all tax years for federal and foreign purposes. All tax years remain subject to examination in various other jurisdictions that are not material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 25 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 Note 14: 
 
 Origin Bank M T Bank Prosperity Bank Term Loan 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 2025 notes 2027 notes Total borrowings 

Warehouse Credit Facilities To provide capital for the mortgage loans that it originates, our mortgage segment utilizes warehouse credit facilities that are classified as current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Borrowings under each warehouse credit facility are secured by the related mortgage loan, and rights and income related to the loans. 
 
 Each warehouse credit facility contains various restrictive and financial covenants and provides that a breach or failure to satisfy these covenants constitutes an event of default. 
 
 Origin Bank M T Bank Prosperity Bank Republic Bank Trust Company N/A N/A N/A Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. N/A N/A N/A Total 
 
 Term Loan On October 20, 2023, we entered into a definitive agreement with Apollo Capital Management, L.P. and its affiliates Apollo whereby Apollo agreed to commit up to of financing for us in the form of a first lien term loan facility (the facility ). We borrowed the first half of the facility on October 20, 2023, and the remaining was available as a delayed draw term loan. On May 31, 2024, we drew down the remaining of the facility. 
 
 26 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 of par), or with respect to prepayments made with respect to a change of control, at of par, and carries a term, maturing October 20, 2028. Interest will be charged at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR + basis points for the first five full fiscal quarters after closing, with step-downs to SOFR +550 basis points and SOFR + basis points thereafter upon achieving agreed performance metrics. The facility requires that we maintain cash and cash equivalents of which is tested on a quarterly basis. The negative covenants include restrictions on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, certain merger transactions, and other matters, all subject to certain exceptions. The effective interest rate for our term loan is . 
 
 The facility includes customary events of default that, include among other things, non-payment of principal, interest or fees, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, violation of certain covenants, cross default to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency events, material judgments, change of control, and certain material ERISA events. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the facility. In addition, the facility prohibits us from making any cash payments on the conversion or repurchase of our notes if an event of default exists under our term loan facility, or if, after giving effect to such conversion or repurchase, we would not be in compliance with the financial covenants under our term loan facility. 
 
 As security for our obligations under the facility, we granted Apollo a first priority security interest on substantially all of our assets and the assets of our material subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. Therefore, in a bankruptcy, Apollo first, and the holders of our convertible senior notes second, would have a claim to our assets senior to the claims of holders of our common stock. 
 
 As part of the transaction, we repurchased principal amount of our 2025 convertible notes held by Apollo and principal amount of 2027 convertible notes held by Apollo for an aggregate repurchase price of using cash on our balance sheet. Additionally, we paid in debt issuance costs in connection with the Apollo term loan, which is currently recorded in prepaid expenses on our consolidated balance sheet. 

December 31, 2023 Aggregate Principal Amount Unamortized Debt Discount Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs Net Carrying Amount 
 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 2027 notes April 1, 2027 October 1, 2021 April 1; October 1 
 
 We issued our 2025 notes on October 20, 2020, with an aggregate principal amount of . In the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did not repurchase any of our 2025 notes. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased and retired approximately in aggregate principal amount of our 2025 notes at a price of using available cash. In connection with these repurchases, we recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 We issued our 2027 notes on March 25, 2021 and April 5, 2021, with an aggregate principal amount of . 
 27 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

2027 notes 
 December 31, 2023 Issuance Aggregate Principal Amount Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs Net Carrying Amount 2025 notes 2027 notes 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense 2025 notes Contractual interest expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense 2027 notes Contractual interest expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense Total Contractual interest expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest expense 
 
 Conversion of Our Convertible Senior Notes 
 
 Prior to the free conversion date, a holder of each tranche of our convertible senior notes may convert its notes in multiples of 1,000 principal amount only if one or more of the conditions described below is satisfied. On or after the free conversion date, a holder may convert its notes in such multiples without any conditions. The free conversion date is July 15, 2025 for our 2025 notes and January 1, 2027 for our 2027 notes. 
 
 The conditions are: 
 during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the applicable conversion price on each applicable trading day; 
 28 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 business day period after any consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of the applicable notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the applicable conversion rate on each such trading day; 
 if we call any or all of the applicable notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day prior to the redemption date; or 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. 
 
 We intend to settle any future conversions of our convertible senior notes by paying or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. We apply the if-converted method to calculate diluted earnings per share when applicable. Under the if-converted method, the denominator of the diluted earnings per share calculation is adjusted to reflect the full number of common shares issuable upon conversion, while the numerator is adjusted to add back interest expense for the period. None of the above conditions were satisfied during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Classification of Our Convertible Senior Notes 
 
 All of our convertible senior notes are accounted for as liabilities. The difference between the principal amount of the notes and the net carrying amount represents the unamortized debt discount, which we record as a deduction from the debt liability in our consolidated balance sheets. This discount is amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the notes. 
 
 See Note 4 for fair value information related to our convertible senior notes. 
 
 Cross-acceleration and Cross-default Provisions of our Convertible Senior Notes, Term Loan, and Warehouse Credit Facilities The indentures governing our 2025 and 2027 convertible senior notes contain cross-acceleration and cross-default provisions. These provisions could have the effect of creating an event of default under the indenture for either our 2025 or 2027 convertible senior notes, despite our compliance with that agreement, due solely to an event of default or failure to pay amounts owed under the indenture for the other tranche of convertible senior notes. Accordingly, all or a significant portion of our outstanding convertible senior notes could become immediately payable due solely to our failure to comply with the terms of a single agreement governing either our 2025 or 2027 convertible senior notes. In addition, each of our warehouse credit facilities and term loan facility contain cross-acceleration and cross-default provisions. These provisions could have the effect of creating an event of default under the agreement for any such facility, despite our compliance with that agreement, due solely to an event of default or failure to pay amounts owed under the agreement for another facility. Accordingly, all or a significant portion of our outstanding warehouse indebtedness or outstanding term loan indebtedness could become immediately payable due solely to our failure to comply with the terms of a single agreement governing one of our facilities. While the cross-default provisions in our existing warehouse credit facilities do not pick up defaults under our convertible senior notes and our existing warehouse credit facilities are carved out of the cross-payment default provisions in our 2025 and 2027 senior notes given that they constitute non-recourse debt, any default under our convertible senior notes would trigger an event of default under our term loan facility and, similarly, any default under our term loan facility would trigger the cross-payment default provisions in our 2025 and 2027 senior notes. 
 
 29 

Index to Notes to Financial Statements 

 per share and initial cap prices of per share, in each case subject to certain adjustments. Conditions that cause adjustments to the initial strike price and initial cap price of the 2027 capped calls are similar to the conditions that result in corresponding adjustments to the conversion rate for our 2027 notes. The 2027 capped calls cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, shares of our common stock and are generally intended to reduce or offset the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the 2027 notes, with such reduction or offset, as the case may be, subject to a cap based on the cap price. The 2027 capped calls are separate transactions, and not part of the terms of our 2027 notes. As these instruments meet certain accounting criteria, the 2027 capped calls are recorded in stockholders (deficit) equity and are not accounted for as derivatives. The cost of incurred in connection with the 2027 capped calls was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 

Note 15: 
 
 contract with Amazon Web Services, Inc. for cloud computing services. The contract contains a minimum spend commitment of over the contract period and replaces our existing contract with Amazon Web Services, Inc. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements, the accompanying notes, and other information included in this quarterly report and our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2023. In particular, the disclosure contained in Item 1A in our annual report, as updated by Part II, Item 1A in our quarterly report for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, may reflect trends, demands, commitments, events, or uncertainties that could materially impact our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, our market growth and trends, and our objectives for future operations. Please see "Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" for more information about relying on these forward-looking statements. The following discussion also contains information using industry publications. Please see "Note Regarding Industry and Market Data" for more information about relying on these industry publications. 
 
 When we use the term "basis points" in the following discussion, we refer to units of one-hundredth of one percent. 

Overview 
 
 We help people buy and sell homes. Representing customers in approximately 100 markets in the United States and Canada, we are a residential real estate brokerage. We pair our own agents with our own technology to create a service that is faster, better, and costs less. We meet customers through our listings-search website and mobile application. 
 
 We use the same combination of technology and local service to originate and service mortgage loans and offer title and settlement services. We use digital platforms to connect consumers with available apartments and houses for rent. 
 
 Our mission is to redefine real estate in the consumer s favor. 
 
 Adverse Macroeconomic Conditions and Our Associated Actions 
 
 Beginning in the second quarter of 2022 and continuing through the third quarter of 2024, a number of economic factors adversely impacted the residential real estate market, including higher mortgage interest rates, lower consumer sentiment, and increased inflation. This shift in the macroeconomic backdrop adversely impacted consumer demand for our services, as consumers weighed the financial implications of selling or purchasing a home and taking out a mortgage. 
 
 In response to these macroeconomic and consumer demand developments, we took action to adjust our operations and manage our business towards longer-term profitability despite these adverse macroeconomic factors. 
 
 From April 2022, after completing the acquisition of Bay Equity, through December 2023, through involuntary reductions and attrition, we reduced our total number of employees by 40 , including a reduction in lead agents of 40 . These workforce reductions were intended to align the size of our operations with the level of consumer demand for our services at that time. 
 
 In November of 2022, we decided to wind-down our properties segment, which included RedfinNow. This was a strategic decision we made in order to focus our resources on our core business in the face of the rising cost of capital. We completed the wind-down of our properties segment in the second quarter of 2023. Results for the properties segment are now reported in discontinued operations for all periods presented. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations include our continued operations for all periods presented. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Numerous lawsuits have been filed on behalf of putative classes of homebuyers and home sellers against the National Association of Realtors NAR ), local real estate associations, multiple listing services, and various residential real estate brokerages in various federal districts in the United States. Some of these lawsuits name Redfin as a defendant. 
 
 On March 15, 2024, NAR entered a settlement agreement to resolve, on a class wide basis, the claims filed against NAR on behalf of putative classes of home sellers. In addition to a monetary payment of 418 million, NAR agreed to change certain business practices, including changes to cooperative compensation and buyer agreements. The NAR settlement agreement: (1) prohibits NAR and REALTOR MLSs from requiring that listing brokers or sellers make offers of compensation to buyer brokers or other buyer representatives; (2) prohibits NAR, REALTOR MLSs and MLS participants from making an offer of compensation on the MLS; and (3) requires all REALTOR MLS participants to enter into a written buyer agreement specifying compensation before taking a buyer on tour. 
 
 These practice changes were implemented by August 17, 2024. It is unclear what impact these practice changes will have on our industry. It is possible that these changes, combined with increasing consumer awareness, may put downward pressure on the percentage commissions paid to buyers agents. 
 
 On May 3, 2024, we entered into a Proposed Settlement and on June 26, 2024, we signed the Settlement Agreement for a total of 9.25 million to resolve the Gibson Action and the Umpa Action and similar claims on behalf of home sellers against Redfin on a nationwide basis. Redfin paid the 9.25 million into a qualified settlement fund on August 26, 2024. On July 15, 2024, the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri issued an Order Granting Preliminary Approval of the Settlement Agreement and the court entered an Order granting final approval of the Settlement Agreement on November 4, 2024. The Settlement Agreement will become effective when the time period for filing an appeal expires without any appeals having been filed or, if an appeal is filed, when the Settlement Agreement is ultimately approved by the court of last resort through that appeal process. The deadline to file an appeal is December 4, 2024, and no appeal has been filed as of November 6, 2024. 
 
 See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for descriptions of these cases and their potential impact. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Key Business Metrics 
 
 In addition to the measures presented in our consolidated financial statements, we use the following key metrics to evaluate our business, develop financial forecasts, and make strategic decisions. 
 Three Months Ended Sep. 30, 2024 Jun. 30, 2024 Mar. 31, 2024 Dec. 31, 2023 Sep. 30, 2023 Jun. 30, 2023 Mar. 31, 2023 Dec. 31, 2022 Monthly average visitors (in thousands) 49,413 51,619 48,803 43,861 51,309 52,308 50,440 43,847 Real estate services transactions Brokerage 13,324 14,178 10,039 10,152 13,075 13,716 10,301 12,743 Partner 3,440 3,395 2,691 3,186 4,351 3,952 3,187 2,742 Total 16,764 17,573 12,730 13,338 17,426 17,668 13,488 15,485 Real estate services revenue per transaction Brokerage 12,363 12,545 12,433 12,248 12,704 12,376 11,556 10,914 Partner 3,025 2,859 2,367 2,684 2,677 2,756 2,592 2,611 Aggregate 10,447 10,674 10,305 9,963 10,200 10,224 9,438 9,444 U.S. market share by units 
 0.76 0.77 0.77 0.72 0.78 0.75 0.79 0.76 Revenue from top-10 Redfin markets as a percentage of real estate services revenue 56 56 55 55 56 55 53 57 Average number of lead agents 
 1,757 1,719 1,658 1,692 1,744 1,792 1,876 2,022 Mortgage originations by dollars (in millions) 1,214 1,338 969 885 1,110 1,282 991 1,036 Mortgage originations by units (in ones) 2,900 3,192 2,365 2,293 2,786 3,131 2,444 2,631 
 
 Monthly Average Visitors 
 
 The number of, and growth in, visitors to our website and mobile application are important leading indicators of our business activity because these channels are the primary ways we meet customers. The number of visitors is influenced by, among other things, market conditions that affect interest in buying or selling homes, the level and success of our marketing programs, seasonality, and how our website appears in search results. We believe we can continue to increase visitors, which helps our growth. 
 
 Given the lengthy process to buy or sell a home, a visitor during one month may not convert to a revenue-generating customer until many months later, if at all. 
 
 When we refer to "monthly average visitors" for a particular period, we are referring to the average number of unique visitors to our website and our mobile applications for each of the months in that period, as measured by Google Analytics, a product that provides digital marketing intelligence. Google Analytics tracks visitors using cookies, with a unique cookie being assigned to each browser or mobile application on a device. For any given month, Google Analytics counts all of the unique cookies that visited our website and mobile applications during that month. Google Analytics considers each unique cookie as a unique visitor. Due to third-party technological limitations, user software settings, or user behavior, it is possible that Google Analytics may assign a unique cookie to different visits by the same person to our website or mobile application. In such instances, Google Analytics would count different visits by the same person as separate visits by unique visitors. Accordingly, reliance on the number of unique cookies counted by Google Analytics may overstate the actual number of unique persons who visit our website or our mobile applications for a given month. 
 
 Our monthly average visitors exclude visitors to Rent.'s websites and mobile applications. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Real Estate Services Transactions 
 
 We record a brokerage real estate services transaction when one of our lead agents represented the homebuyer or home seller in the purchase or sale, respectively, of a home. We record a partner real estate services transaction (i) when one of our partner agents represented the homebuyer or home seller in the purchase or sale, respectively, of a home or (ii) when a Redfin customer sold his or her home to a third-party institutional buyer following our introduction of that customer to the buyer. We include a single transaction twice when our lead agents or our partner agents serve both the homebuyer and the home seller of the transaction. Additionally, when one of our lead agents represents RedfinNow in its sale of a home, we include that transaction as a brokerage real estate services transaction. We completed the wind-down of our RedfinNow business in the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 Increasing the number of real estate services transactions is critical to increasing our revenue and, in turn, to achieving profitability. Real estate services transaction volume is influenced by, among other things, the pricing and quality of our services as well as market conditions that affect home sales, such as local inventory levels and mortgage interest rates. Real estate services transaction volume is also affected by seasonality and macroeconomic factors. 
 
 Real Estate Services Revenue per Transaction 
 
 Real estate services revenue per transaction, together with the number of real estate services transactions, is a factor in evaluating revenue growth. We also use this metric to evaluate pricing changes. Changes in real estate services revenue per transaction can be affected by, among other things, our pricing, the mix of transactions from homebuyers and home sellers, changes in the value of homes in the markets we serve, the geographic mix of our transactions, and the transactions we refer to partner agents and any third-party institutional buyer. We calculate real estate services revenue per transaction by dividing brokerage, partner, or aggregate revenue, as applicable, by the corresponding number of real estate services transactions in any period. 
 
 We generally generate more real estate services revenue per transaction from representing homebuyers than home sellers. However, we believe that representing home sellers has unique strategic value, including the marketing power of yard signs and other campaigns, and the market effect of controlling listing inventory. 
 
 Prior to July 2022, homebuyers who purchased their home using our brokerage services would receive a commission refund in a substantial majority of our markets. In July 2022, we began a pilot program in certain of those markets to eliminate our commission refund. Since this pilot was successful, we eliminated the standard commission refund we had historically provided in all markets in December 2022. The average refund per transaction for a homebuyer was 1,336 in 2022. The elimination of this commission refund increased our real estate services revenue per transaction in 2023, although this metric is also impacted by the factors discussed above. In September 2023, we began a pilot program in certain markets to provide a refund to homebuyers who sign a buyer agency agreement with us before their second home tour. We expanded this pilot program to more markets in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Beginning in August 2024, we set our fees for homebuyers based on prevailing competitive dynamics and customer response in the geographical regions where we operate. We further offer a discount to homebuyers who agree to work with our lead agents early in their home buying process. These direct fees are reflected in our real estate revenue per transaction for homebuyers. 
 
 U.S. Market Share by Units 
 
 Increasing our U.S. market share by units is critical to our ability to grow our business and achieve profitability over the long term. We believe there is a significant opportunity to increase our share in the markets we currently serve. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 We calculate our market share by aggregating the number of brokerage and partner real estate services transactions. We then divide that number by two times the aggregate number of U.S. home sales, in order to account for both the sell- and buy-side components of each home sale. We obtain the aggregate number of U.S. home sales from the National Association of REALTORS ("NAR"). NAR data for the most recent period is preliminary and may subsequently be updated. 
 
 Revenue from Top-10 Markets as a Percentage of Real Estate Services Revenue 
 
 Our top-10 markets by real estate services revenue are the metropolitan areas of Boston, Chicago, Denver, Los Angeles (including Santa Barbara), Maryland, Northern Virginia, Portland (including Bend), San Diego, San Francisco, and Seattle. This metric is an indicator of the geographic concentration of our real estate services segment. We expect our revenue from top-10 markets to decline as a percentage of our total real estate services revenue over time. 
 
 Average Number of Lead Agents 
 
 The average number of lead agents, in combination with our other key metrics such as the number of brokerage transactions, is a basis for calculating agent productivity and is one indicator of the potential future growth of our business. We systematically evaluate traffic to our website and mobile application and customer activity to anticipate changes in customer demand, helping determine when and where to hire lead agents. 
 
 We calculate the average number of lead agents by taking the average of the number of lead agents at the end of each month included in the period. 
 
 Mortgage Originations 
 
 Mortgage originations is the volume of mortgage loans originated by our mortgage business, measured by both dollar value of loans and number of loans. This volume is an indicator for the growth of our mortgage business. Mortgage originations, including refinancings, are affected by mortgage interest rates, the ability of our mortgage loan officers to close loans, and the number of our homebuyer customers who use our mortgage business for a mortgage loan, among other factors. 
 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue 
 
 We generate revenue primarily from commissions and fees charged on each real estate services transaction closed by our lead agents or partner agents, from subscription-based product offerings for our rentals business, and from the origination, sales, and servicing of mortgages. 
 
 Real Estate Services Revenue 
 
 Brokerage Revenue Brokerage revenue includes our offer and listing services, where our lead agents represent homebuyers and home sellers. We recognize commission-based brokerage revenue upon closing of a brokerage transaction, less the amount of any commission refunds, closing-cost reductions, or promotional offers that may result in a material right. Brokerage revenue is affected by the number of brokerage transactions we close, the mix of brokerage transactions, home-sale prices, commission rates, and the amount we give to customers. 
 
 Partner Revenue Partner revenue consists of fees paid to us from partner agents or under other referral agreements, less the amount of any payments we make to homebuyers and home sellers. We recognize these fees as revenue on the closing of a transaction. Partner revenue is affected by the number of partner transactions closed, home-sale prices, commission rates, and the amount we refund to customers. If the portion of customers we introduce to our own lead agents increases, we expect the portion of revenue closed by partner agents to decrease. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Rentals Revenue 
 
 Rentals Revenue Rentals revenue is primarily composed of subscription-based product offerings for internet listing services, as well as lead management and digital marketing solutions. Rentals revenue is affected by the number of product offerings sold, pricing for each product, customer retention, and the mix of product offerings sold to our customers. 
 
 Mortgage Revenue 
 
 Mortgage Revenue Mortgage revenue includes fees from the origination and subsequent sale of loans, loan servicing income, interest income on loans held for sale, origination of IRLCs, and the changes in fair value of our IRLCs, forward sales commitments, loans held for sale, and MSRs. Mortgage revenue is affected by loan volume, loan pricing, and market factors that impact the fair value of our MSRs and loans held for sale. 
 
 Other Revenue 
 
 Other Revenue Other services revenue includes fees earned from title settlement services, Walk Score data services, and advertising. Substantially all fees and revenue from other services are recognized when the service is provided. 
 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 
 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of personnel costs (including base pay, benefits, and stock-based compensation), transaction bonuses, home-touring and field expenses, listing expenses, customer fulfillment costs related to our rentals segment, office and occupancy expenses, interest expense on our mortgage related warehouse facilities, and depreciation and amortization related to fixed assets and acquired intangible assets. 
 
 Gross profit is revenue less cost of revenue. Gross margin is gross profit expressed as a percentage of revenue. Our gross margin has and will continue to be affected by a number of factors, but the most important are the mix of revenue from our segments, real estate services revenue per transaction, agent and support-staff productivity, and personnel costs and transaction bonuses. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Technology and Development 
 
 Our primary technology and development expenses are building software for our customers, lead agents, and support staff to work together on a transaction, and building a website and mobile application to meet customers looking to move. These expenses primarily include personnel costs (including base pay, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation), data licenses, software and equipment, and infrastructure such as for data centers and hosted services. The expenses also include amortization of capitalized internal-use software and website and mobile application development costs as well as amortization of acquired intangible assets. We expense research and development costs as incurred and record them in technology and development expenses. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 Marketing expenses consist primarily of media costs for online and offline advertising, as well as personnel costs (including base pay, benefits, and stock-based compensation). 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs (including base pay, benefits, and stock-based compensation), facilities costs and related expenses for our executive, finance, human resources, and legal organizations, depreciation related to our fixed assets, and fees for outside services. Outside services are principally composed of external legal, audit, and tax services. For our rentals business, personnel costs include employees in the sales department. These employees are responsible for attracting potential rental properties and agreeing to contract terms, but they are not responsible for delivering a service to the rental property. 
 
 Restructuring and Reorganization 
 
 Restructuring and reorganization expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs associated with employee terminations, furloughs, or retention payments associated with wind-down activities. 
 
 Interest Income, Interest Expense, Income Tax Expense, Gain on Extinguishment of Convertible Senior Notes, and Other Expense, Net 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and investments, and interest income related to originated mortgage loans. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense consists primarily of interest payable and the amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs related to our convertible senior notes and term loan. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding interest on our convertible senior notes. 
 
 Interest expense also includes interest on borrowings and the amortization of debt issuance costs related to our warehouse credit facilities. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding interest for the facility. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Income tax expense primarily relates to federal, state, and local taxes recorded. 
 
 Gain on Extinguishment of Convertible Senior Notes 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes relates to gains recognized on the repurchase of our convertible senior notes. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding our convertible senior notes. 
 
 Other Expense, Net 
 
 Other expense, net consists primarily of realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments and other assets, including impairment costs on our subleases. See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding unrealized gains and losses on our investments. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The following tables set forth our results of operations for the periods presented and as a percentage of our revenue for those periods. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Revenue 278,015 268,956 798,697 758,595 Cost of revenue (1) 
 176,152 170,616 516,436 501,927 Gross profit 101,863 98,340 282,261 256,668 Operating expenses Technology and development (1) 
 40,332 44,392 128,976 139,196 Marketing (1) 
 27,186 24,095 92,324 97,531 General and administrative (1) 
 58,788 55,380 181,366 186,584 Restructuring and reorganization 2,509 4,732 7,159 Total operating expenses 
 128,815 123,867 407,398 430,470 Loss from continuing operations (26,952) (25,527) (125,137) (173,802) Interest income 
 1,839 2,060 5,132 8,170 Interest expense 
 (8,537) (1,603) (19,497) (5,291) Income tax expense 12 (239) (375) (882) Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes 6,495 12,000 68,848 Other expense, net (144) (158) (559) (537) Net loss from continuing operations (33,782) (18,972) (128,436) (103,494) 
 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Cost of revenue 2,819 3,037 8,603 10,173 Technology and development 9,135 8,391 26,092 24,759 Marketing 1,131 1,337 3,911 3,836 General and administrative 5,217 6,035 15,336 16,380 Total stock-based compensation from continuing operations 18,302 18,800 53,942 55,148 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (as a percentage of revenue) Revenue 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of revenue (1) 
 63.4 63.4 64.7 66.2 Gross profit 36.6 36.6 35.3 33.8 Operating expenses Technology and development (1) 
 14.5 16.5 16.1 18.3 Marketing (1) 
 9.8 9.0 11.6 12.9 General and administrative (1) 
 21.1 20.6 22.7 24.6 Restructuring 0.9 0.0 0.6 0.9 Total operating expenses 46.3 46.1 51.0 56.7 Loss from continuing operations (9.7) (9.5) (15.7) (22.9) Interest income 
 0.7 0.8 0.6 1.1 Interest expense 
 (3.1) (0.6) (2.4) (0.7) Income tax expense (0.1) (0.1) Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes 2.4 1.5 9.1 Other expense, net (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) (0.1) Net loss from continuing operations (12.2) (7.1) (16.1) (13.6) 
 38 

Table of Contents 

(1) Includes stock-based compensation as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (as a percentage of revenue) Cost of revenue 1.0 1.1 1.1 1.3 Technology and development 3.3 3.1 3.3 3.3 Marketing 0.4 0.5 0.5 0.5 General and administrative 1.9 2.3 1.9 2.2 Total 6.6 7.0 6.8 7.3 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Dollars Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) 
 Real estate services Brokerage 164,729 166,104 (1,375) (1) Partner 10,407 11,646 (1,239) (11) Total real estate services 175,136 177,750 (2,614) (1) Rentals 51,660 47,410 4,250 9 Mortgage 35,621 32,923 2,698 8 Other 15,598 10,873 4,725 43 Total revenue 278,015 268,956 9,059 3 Percentage of revenue Real estate services Brokerage 59.3 61.8 Partner 3.7 4.3 Total real estate services 63.0 66.1 Rentals 18.6 17.6 Mortgage 12.8 12.2 Other 5.6 4.1 Total revenue 100.0 100.0 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, revenue increased by 9.1 million, or 3 , as compared with the same period in 2023. This increase in revenue was primarily attributable to a 4.7 million increase in other segment revenue, a 4.3 million increase in rentals revenue, and a 2.7 million increase in mortgage revenue. This was partially offset by a 2.6 million decrease in real estate services revenue. Brokerage revenue decreased by 1.4 million, and partner revenue decreased by 1.2 million. Brokerage revenue decreased 1 during the period, driven by a 2 increase in brokerage transactions and a 3 decrease in brokerage revenue per transaction. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 Dollars 
 Percentage 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 
 Cost of revenue Real estate services 126,421 123,684 2,737 2 Rentals 12,366 10,824 1,542 14 Mortgage 30,214 29,629 585 2 Other 7,151 6,479 672 10 Total cost of revenue 176,152 170,616 5,536 3 Gross profit Real estate services 48,715 54,066 (5,351) (10) Rentals 39,294 36,586 2,708 7 Mortgage 5,407 3,294 2,113 64 Other 8,447 4,394 4,053 92 Total gross profit 101,863 98,340 3,523 4 Gross margin (percentage of revenue) Real estate services 27.8 30.4 Rentals 76.1 77.2 Mortgage 15.2 10.0 Other 54.2 40.4 Total gross margin 36.6 36.6 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, total cost of revenue increased by 5.5 million, or 3 , as compared with the same period in 2023. This increase in cost of revenue was primarily attributable to a 5.0 million increase in personnel costs, transaction bonuses, and home-touring and field expenses. 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, total gross margin was unchanged as compared with the same period in 2023, driven primarily by increases in mortgage and other gross margins, and the relative growth of our rentals business compared to our other businesses. This was partially offset by a decrease in real estate services and rentals gross margins. 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, real estate services gross margin decreased 260 basis points as compared with the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to a 500 basis point increase in personnel costs and transaction bonuses, partially offset by a 220 basis point decrease in home-touring and field expenses, each as a percentage of revenue, as we have eliminated compensation for home-touring and field expenses and replaced it with transaction bonuses for some employee agents. 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, rentals gross margin decreased 110 basis points as compared with the same period in 2023. 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, mortgage gross margin increased 520 basis points as compared with the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to a 360 basis point decrease in personnel costs and transaction bonuses and a 150 basis point decrease in office and occupancy expenses, each as a percentage of revenue. 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, other gross margin increased 1,380 basis points as compared with the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to a 690 basis point decrease in personnel costs and transaction bonuses as a percentage of revenue, driven by revenue growth. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 Dollars Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) 
 Technology and development 40,332 44,392 (4,060) (9) Marketing 27,186 24,095 3,091 13 General and administrative 58,788 55,380 3,408 6 Restructuring 2,509 2,509 N/A Total operating expenses 128,815 123,867 4,948 4 Percentage of revenue Technology and development 14.5 16.5 Marketing 9.8 9.0 General and administrative 21.1 20.6 Restructuring and reorganization 0.9 0.0 Total operating expenses 46.3 46.1 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, technology and development expenses decreased by 4.1 million, or 9 , as compared with the same period in 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 4.3 million decrease in amortization expense, as the intangible technology assets acquired with Rent. completed their amortization. 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, marketing expenses increased by 3.1 million, or 13 , as compared with the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to a 3.7 million increase in marketing media costs. This was partially offset by a 0.7 million decrease in personnel costs. 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses increased by 3.4 million, or 6 , as compared with the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to a 1.0 million increase in legal settlements, and a 1.1 million increase in legal services expenses. 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, restructuring and reorganization expenses increased by 2.5 million as compared with the same period in 2023. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income, Interest Expense, Income Tax Expense, Gain on Extinguishment of Convertible Senior Notes, and Other Expense, Net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Dollars Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Interest income 1,839 2,060 (221) (11) Interest expense (8,537) (1,603) (6,934) 433 Income tax expense 12 (239) 251 (105) Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes 6,495 (6,495) (100) Other expense, net (144) (158) 14 (9) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible notes, and other expense, net (6,830) 6,555 (13,385) (204) Percentage of revenue Interest income 0.7 0.8 Interest expense (3.1) (0.6) Income tax expense 0.0 (0.1) Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes 0.0 2.4 Other expense, net (0.1) (0.1) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible notes, and other expense, net (2.5) 2.4 
 
 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, and other expense, net decreased by 13.4 million as compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Interest expense increased by 6.9 million due primarily to interest on our term loan, which we did not have in the same period in 2023. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes decreased by 6.5 million, as we did not pay down any portion of our 2025 notes at a discount in the current period, where we had such activity in the same period in 2023. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on these transactions. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Dollars Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) 
 Real estate services Brokerage 467,402 454,888 12,514 3 Partner 26,483 30,799 (4,316) (14) Total real estate services 493,885 485,687 8,198 2 Rentals 152,105 135,636 16,469 12 Mortgage 109,619 107,838 1,781 2 Other 43,088 29,434 13,654 46 Total revenue 798,697 758,595 40,102 5 Percentage of revenue Real estate services Brokerage 58.5 60.0 Partner 3.3 4.1 Total real estate services 61.8 64.1 Rentals 19.0 17.9 Mortgage 13.7 14.2 Other 5.5 3.8 Total revenue 100.0 100.0 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenue increased by 40.1 million, or 5 , as compared with the same period in 2023. This increase in revenue was primarily attributable to a 16.5 million increase in rentals revenue, a 13.7 million increase in other segment revenue, and an 8.2 million increase in real estate services revenue. Brokerage revenue increased by 12.5 million, and partner revenue decreased by 4.3 million. Brokerage revenue increased 3 during the period, driven by a 1 increase in brokerage transactions and a 2 increase in brokerage revenue per transaction. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 Dollars 
 Percentage 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 
 Cost of revenue Real estate services 371,198 359,625 11,573 3 Rentals 35,453 31,016 4,437 14 Mortgage 88,646 93,108 (4,462) (5) Other 21,139 18,178 2,961 16 Total cost of revenue 516,436 501,927 14,509 3 Gross profit Real estate services 122,687 126,062 (3,375) (3) Rentals 116,652 104,620 12,032 12 Mortgage 20,973 14,730 6,243 42 Other 21,949 11,256 10,693 95 Total gross profit 282,261 256,668 25,593 10 Gross margin (percentage of revenue) Real estate services 24.8 26.0 Rentals 76.7 77.1 Mortgage 19.1 13.7 Other 50.9 38.2 Total gross margin 35.3 33.8 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total cost of revenue increased by 14.5 million, or 3 , as compared with the same period in 2023. This increase in cost of revenue was primarily attributable to a 9.6 million increase in personnel costs, transactions bonuses, and home-touring and field expenses, and a 4.4 million increase in home improvement costs incurred on behalf of home sellers. 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, total gross margin increased 150 basis points as compared with the same period in 2023, driven primarily by increases in mortgage, and other gross margins, and the relative growth of our rentals business compared to our other businesses. This was partially offset by decreases in real estate services and rentals gross margins. 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, real estate services gross margin decreased 120 basis points as compared with the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to a 280 basis point increase in personnel costs and transaction bonuses, partially offset by a 230 basis point decrease in home-touring and field expenses, each as a percentage of revenue, as we have eliminated compensation for home-touring and field expenses and replaced it with transaction bonuses for some employee agents. In addition, the increase was attributable to a 90 basis point increase in home improvement costs incurred on behalf of home sellers as a percentage of revenue. This was partially offset by a 70 basis point decrease in costs from our in-person company event, which we did not conduct in 2024. 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, rentals gross margin decreased 40 basis points as compared with the same period in 2023. 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, mortgage gross margin increased 540 basis points as compared with the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to a 230 basis point decrease in personnel costs and transaction bonuses and a 180 basis point decrease in production costs, each as a percentage of revenue. 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other gross margin increased 1,270 basis points as compared with the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to a 730 basis point decrease in personnel costs and transaction bonuses as a percentage of revenue, driven by revenue growth. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Operating Expenses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 
 2024 2023 Dollars Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) 
 Technology and development 128,976 139,196 (10,220) (7) Marketing 92,324 97,531 (5,207) (5) General and administrative 181,366 186,584 (5,218) (3) Restructuring 4,732 7,159 (2,427) (34) Total operating expenses 407,398 430,470 (23,072) (5) Percentage of revenue Technology and development 16.1 18.3 Marketing 11.6 12.9 General and administrative 22.7 24.6 Restructuring and reorganization 0.6 0.9 Total operating expenses 51.0 56.7 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, technology and development expenses decreased by 10.2 million, or 7 , as compared with the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to a 9.3 million decrease in amortization expense, as the intangible technology assets acquired with Rent. completed their amortization. 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, marketing expenses decreased by 5.2 million, or 5 , as compared with the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to a 4.0 million decrease in marketing media costs as we increased advertising. 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses decreased by 5.2 million, or 3 , as compared with the same period in 2023. This was primarily attributable to a 5.3 million decrease in personnel costs, a 5.9 million decrease in costs from our annual, in-person company event, which we did not conduct in 2024, and a 3.8 million decrease in office and occupancy expenses. This was partially offset by an 9.6 million increase in legal settlements. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for information on these legal matters. 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, restructuring and reorganization expenses decreased by 2.4 million, or 34 , as compared with the same period in 2023. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income, Interest Expense, Income Tax Expense, Gain on Extinguishment of Convertible Senior Notes, and Other Expense, Net 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Dollars Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Interest income 5,132 8,170 (3,038) (37) Interest expense (19,497) (5,291) (14,206) 268 Income tax expense (375) (882) 507 (57) Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes 12,000 68,848 (56,848) (83) Other expense, net (559) (537) (22) 4 Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible notes, and other expense, net (3,299) 70,308 (73,607) (105) Percentage of revenue Interest income 0.6 1.1 Interest expense (2.4) (0.7) Income tax expense 0.0 (0.1) Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes 1.5 9.1 Other expense, net (0.1) (0.1) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible notes, and other expense, net (0.4) 9.3 
 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, and other expense, net decreased by 73.6 million as compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Interest expense increased by 14.2 million due primarily to interest on our term loan, which we did not have in the same period in 2023. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes decreased by 56.8 million, due to our paying down a smaller portion of our 2025 notes at a discount as compared to the same period in 2023. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on these transactions. 

Segment Financial Information 
 
 The following tables present, for each of our reportable and other segments, financial information on a GAAP basis and adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our GAAP segment reporting. 
 
 To supplement our consolidated financial statements that are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we also compute and present adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe adjusted EBITDA is useful for investors because it enhances period-to-period comparability of our financial statements on a consistent basis and provides investors with useful insight into the underlying trends of the business. The presentation of this financial measure is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute of, or superior to, our financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. Our calculation of adjusted EBITDA may be different from adjusted EBITDA or similar non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, limiting its usefulness for comparison purposes. Our adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is presented below, along with a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net (loss) income from continuing operations. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Real estate services Rentals Mortgage Other Corporate overhead Total (in thousands) Revenue 
 175,136 51,660 35,621 15,598 278,015 Cost of revenue 126,421 12,366 30,214 7,151 176,152 Gross profit 48,715 39,294 5,407 8,447 101,863 Operating expenses Technology and development 26,927 10,648 675 889 1,193 40,332 Marketing 12,907 13,600 667 12 27,186 General and administrative 18,263 24,074 5,885 1,215 9,351 58,788 Restructuring and reorganization 2,509 2,509 Total operating expenses 58,097 48,322 7,227 2,116 13,053 128,815 (Loss) income from continuing operations (9,382) (9,028) (1,820) 6,331 (13,053) (26,952) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, and other expense, net 38 100 (2,966) 266 (4,268) (6,830) Net (loss) income from continuing operations (9,344) (8,928) (4,786) 6,597 (17,321) (33,782) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Real estate services Rentals Mortgage Other Corporate overhead Total (in thousands) Net (loss) income from continuing operations (9,344) (8,928) (4,786) 6,597 (17,321) (33,782) Interest income (1) 
 (10) (111) (3,392) (266) (1,451) (5,230) Interest expense (2) 
 6,208 5,565 11,773 Income tax expense 11 (23) (12) Depreciation and amortization 3,002 5,077 895 227 283 9,484 Stock-based compensation (3) 
 11,333 3,515 (89) 588 2,955 18,302 Restructuring and reorganization (4) 
 2,509 2,509 Legal contingencies (5) 
 904 904 Adjusted EBITDA 4,981 (436) (1,164) 7,146 (6,579) 3,948 
 (1) Interest income includes 3.4 million of interest income related to originated mortgage loans for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Interest expense includes 3.2 million of interest expense related to our warehouse credit facilities for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Stock-based compensation consists of expenses related to restricted stock units and our employee stock purchase program. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 (4) Restructuring and reorganization expenses primarily consist of personnel-related costs associated with employee terminations, furloughs, or retention due to the restructuring and reorganization activities. 
 (5) Legal contingencies includes expenses related to significant contingent liabilities resulting from litigation or other legal proceedings. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Real estate services Rentals Mortgage Other Corporate overhead Total (in thousands) Revenue 
 177,750 47,410 32,923 10,873 268,956 Cost of revenue 123,684 10,824 29,629 6,479 170,616 Gross profit 54,066 36,586 3,294 4,394 98,340 Operating expenses Technology and development 25,711 15,813 800 1,133 935 44,392 Marketing 10,785 12,245 1,088 20 (43) 24,095 General and administrative 18,418 21,838 6,670 952 7,502 55,380 Total operating expenses 54,914 49,896 8,558 2,105 8,394 123,867 (Loss) income from continuing operations 
 (848) (13,310) (5,264) 2,289 (8,394) (25,527) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, and other expense, net 
 41 42 (73) 207 6,338 6,555 Net (loss) income from continuing operations 
 (807) (13,268) (5,337) 2,496 (2,056) (18,972) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Real estate services Rentals Mortgage Other Corporate overhead Total (in thousands) Net (loss) income from continuing operations (807) (13,268) (5,337) 2,496 (2,056) (18,972) Interest income (1) 
 (41) (81) (2,886) (207) (1,732) (4,947) Interest expense (2) 
 3,132 1,598 4,730 Income tax expense 37 70 132 239 Depreciation and amortization 3,123 9,681 947 233 312 14,296 Stock-based compensation (3) 
 11,151 4,255 473 574 2,347 18,800 Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes (6,495) (6,495) Adjusted EBITDA 13,426 624 (3,601) 3,096 (5,894) 7,651 
 (1) Interest income includes 2.9 million of interest income related to originated mortgage loans for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Interest expense includes 3.1 million of interest expense related to our warehouse credit facilities for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Stock-based compensation consists of expenses related to restricted stock units and our employee stock purchase program. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for more information. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Real estate services Rentals Mortgage Other Corporate overhead Total (in thousands) Revenue 
 493,885 152,105 109,619 43,088 798,697 Cost of revenue 371,198 35,453 88,646 21,139 516,436 Gross profit 122,687 116,652 20,973 21,949 282,261 Operating expenses Technology and development 84,354 36,577 2,031 2,686 3,328 128,976 Marketing 47,939 42,137 2,221 27 92,324 General and administrative 57,178 66,794 19,087 3,279 35,028 181,366 Restructuring and reorganization 4,732 4,732 Total operating expenses 189,471 145,508 23,339 5,992 43,088 407,398 (Loss) income from continuing operations (66,784) (28,856) (2,366) 15,957 (43,088) (125,137) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, and other expense, net 6 65 (2,962) 690 (1,098) (3,299) Net (loss) income from continuing operations (66,778) (28,791) (5,328) 16,647 (44,186) (128,436) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Real estate services Rentals Mortgage Other Corporate overhead Total (in thousands) Net (loss) income from continuing operations (66,778) (28,791) (5,328) 16,647 (44,186) (128,436) Interest income (1) 
 (40) (233) (8,416) (690) (4,169) (13,548) Interest expense (2) 
 11,246 16,522 27,768 Income tax expense 109 266 375 Depreciation and amortization 9,302 19,888 2,779 667 704 33,340 Stock-based compensation (3) 
 34,246 9,978 663 1,688 7,367 53,942 Restructuring and reorganization (4) 
 4,732 4,732 Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes (12,000) (12,000) Legal contingencies (5) 
 10,154 10,154 Adjusted EBITDA (23,270) 951 944 18,312 (20,610) (23,673) 
 (1) Interest income includes 8.4 million of interest income related to originated mortgage loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Interest expense includes 8.3 million of interest expense related to our warehouse credit facilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Stock-based compensation consists of expenses related to restricted stock units and our employee stock purchase program. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 (4) Restructuring and reorganization expenses primarily consist of personnel-related costs associated with employee terminations, furloughs, or retention due to the restructuring and reorganization activities. 
 (5) Legal contingencies includes expenses related to significant contingent liabilities resulting from litigation or other legal proceedings. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Real estate services Rentals Mortgage Other Corporate overhead Total (in thousands) Revenue (1) 
 485,687 135,636 107,838 29,434 758,595 Cost of revenue 359,625 31,016 93,108 18,178 501,927 Gross profit 126,062 104,620 14,730 11,256 256,668 Operating expenses Technology and development 82,650 48,081 2,177 3,475 2,813 139,196 Marketing 51,849 42,509 3,122 46 5 97,531 General and administrative 58,997 73,445 20,323 3,049 30,770 186,584 Restructuring and reorganization 7,159 7,159 Total operating expenses 193,496 164,035 25,622 6,570 40,747 430,470 (Loss) income from continuing operations 
 (67,434) (59,415) (10,892) 4,686 (40,747) (173,802) Interest income, interest expense, income tax expense, gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes, and other expense, net 
 41 115 (224) 475 69,901 70,308 Net (loss) income from continuing operations 
 (67,393) (59,300) (11,116) 5,161 29,154 (103,494) 
 (1) Included in revenue is 1.2 million from providing services to our discontinued properties segment. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Real estate services Rentals Mortgage Other Corporate overhead Total (in thousands) Net (loss) income from continuing operations 
 (67,393) (59,300) (11,116) 5,161 29,154 (103,494) Interest income (1) 
 (41) (238) (9,062) (475) (7,400) (17,216) Interest expense (2) 
 9,737 5,285 15,022 Income tax expense 123 222 537 882 Depreciation and amortization 12,819 30,068 2,929 756 1,745 48,317 Stock-based compensation (3) 
 33,041 11,580 2,554 1,696 6,277 55,148 Acquisition-related costs (4) 
 8 8 Restructuring and reorganization (5) 
 7,159 7,159 Impairment (6) 
 113 113 Gain on extinguishment of convertible senior notes (68,848) (68,848) Adjusted EBITDA (21,574) (17,767) (4,736) 7,138 (25,970) (62,909) 
 (1) Interest income includes 9.0 million of interest income related to originated mortgage loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (2) Interest expense includes 9.7 million of interest expense related to our warehouse credit facilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (3) Stock-based compensation consists of expenses related to restricted stock units and our employee stock purchase program. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for more information. 
 (4) Acquisition-related costs consist of fees for external advisory, legal, and other professional services incurred in connection with our acquisition of other companies. 
 (5) Restructuring and reorganization expenses primarily consist of personnel-related costs associated with employee terminations, furloughs, or retention due to the restructuring and reorganization activities. 
 (6) Impairment consists of an impairment loss due to subleasing one of our operating leases. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 165.7 million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 576.9 million of convertible senior notes outstanding across two issuances, maturing between October 15, 2025 and April 1, 2027. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for our obligations to pay semi-annual interest and to repay any outstanding amounts at the notes maturity. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we did not repurchase any of our 2025 convertible senior notes. As of September 30, 2024, we have repurchased a total of 582.5 million of our 2025 convertible senior notes, using 432.4 million in cash. As of September 30, 2024, we have 17.6 million remaining under the repurchase program for future repurchases. 
 
 In addition, as of September 30, 2024 we had 248.1 million principal amount of our term loan, maturing on October 20, 2028. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 40,000 shares of convertible preferred stock outstanding. We are required to settle these shares in the fourth quarter of 2024 by either paying 40,000, which is the mandatory redemption amount, or through a conversion into shares of our common stock. While not at our discretion, we anticipate settling in cash. See Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our convertible preferred stock. 
 
 Our mortgage business has significant cash requirements due to the period of time between its origination of a mortgage loan and the sale of that loan. We have relied on warehouse credit facilities with different lenders to fund substantially the entire portion of the mortgage loans that our mortgage business originates. Once our mortgage business sells a loan in the secondary mortgage market, we use the proceeds to reduce the outstanding balance under the related facility. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding our warehouse credit facilities. 
 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents and investments, together with cash we expect to generate from future operations, and borrowings from our mortgage warehouse credit facilities, will provide sufficient liquidity to meet our operational needs and our growth, and fulfill our payment obligations. However, our liquidity assumptions may change or prove to be incorrect, and we could exhaust our available financial resources sooner than we currently expect. As a result, we may seek new sources of credit financing or elect to raise additional funds through equity, equity-linked, or debt financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that any additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 
 Our title and settlement business holds cash in escrow that we do not record on our consolidated balance sheets. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for more information regarding these amounts. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (96,046) 91,428 Net cash provided by investing activities 36,636 97,963 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 74,242 (304,347) 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Operating Activities 
 
 Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash generated by commissions paid to us from our real estate services business, sales of homes from our properties business, and subscription-based product offerings from our rentals business. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include payments for personnel-related costs, including employee benefits and bonus programs, marketing and advertising activities, purchases of homes for our properties business, office and occupancy costs, and outside services costs. Additionally, our mortgage business generates a significant amount operating cash flow activity from the origination and sale of loans held for sale. 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 96.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily attributable to our net loss of 128.4 million. This decrease was partially offset by a net increase of 84.6 million from non-cash items related to stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, amortization of debt discounts and issuances costs, lease expense related to right-of-use assets, changes in the fair value of and sale of mortgage servicing rights, gain on extinguishment of our convertible senior notes, and other non-cash items. The primary use of cash related to changes in our assets and liabilities was 52.7 million in net originations of loans held for sale. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 91.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to changes in assets and liabilities, which increased cash provided by operating activities by 150.4 million. This increase was partially offset by our net loss of 107.1 million. In addition, there was a net increase of 48.2 million from non-cash items related to stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, amortization of debt discounts and issuances costs, lease expense related to right-of-use assets, changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights, gain on extinguishment of our convertible senior notes, and other non-cash items. The primary source of cash related to changes in our assets and liabilities was a 114.2 million decrease in inventory related to our properties business. 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 
 
 Our primary investing activities include the purchase, sale, and maturity of investments and purchases of property and equipment, primarily related to capitalized software development expenses and computer equipment and software. 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 36.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily attributable to 45.6 million in net sales and maturities of our investments in U.S. government securities, partially offset by 9.0 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities was 98.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to 107.2 million in net maturities in U.S. government securities, partially offset by 9.2 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities 
 
 Our primary financing activities have come from (i) our initial public offering in August 2017, (ii) sales of our common stock and 2023 notes in July 2018, our common stock and convertible preferred stock in April 2020, our 2025 notes in October 2020, and our 2027 notes in March 2021, (iii) our term loan entered into in October 2023, and (iv) the sale of our common stock pursuant to stock option exercises and our ESPP. Additionally, we generate a significant amount of financing cash flow activity due to borrowings from and repayments to our warehouse credit facilities and, historically, our secured revolving credit facility, which we terminated on December 29, 2022. 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 74.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, attributable to 125.0 million in proceeds from the additional draw on our term loan and a 56.9 million increase in net borrowings under our warehouse credit facilities. This was partially offset by 107.0 million used in connection with repurchases of our 2025 notes. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in financing activities was 304.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, attributable to 212.4 million used in connection with repurchases of our 2025 notes and 23.5 million used in connection with the repayment of our 2023 notes. This was partially offset by a 58.2 million decrease in net borrowings under our warehouse credit facilities. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, revenue, and expenses at the date of the financial statements. Generally, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions in accordance with GAAP that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we consider the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations because they require our most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and estimates addressed below. In addition, we have other key accounting policies and estimates that are described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Our key revenue components are brokerage revenue, partner revenue, rentals revenue, mortgage revenue, and other revenue. Of these, we consider the most critical of our revenue recognition policies to be those related to commissions and fees charged on brokerage transactions closed by our lead agents, and from the sale of homes. We recognize commission-based brokerage revenue upon closing of a brokerage transaction, less the amount of any commission refunds, closing-cost reductions, or promotional offers that may result in a material right. We determined that brokerage revenue primarily contains a single performance obligation that is satisfied upon the closing of a transaction, at which point the entire transaction price is earned. We evaluate our brokerage contracts and promotional pricing to determine if there are any additional material rights and allocate the transaction price based on standalone selling prices. 
 
 Rentals revenue is primarily recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract, which is generally less than one year. Revenue is presented net of sales allowances, which are not material. 
 
 Mortgage revenue is recognized (1) when an interest rate lock commitment is made to a customer, adjusted for a pull-through percentage, (2) for origination fees, when the purchase or refinance of a loan is complete, and (3) when the fair value of our interest rate lock commitments, forward sale commitments, and loans held for sale are recorded at current market quotes. 
 
 We have utilized the practical expedient in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , and elected not to capitalize contract costs for contracts with customers with durations less than one year. We do not have significant remaining performance obligations or contract balances. 
 
 Acquired Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
 
 We recognize separately identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Determining the fair value of the intangible assets acquired requires management s judgment, often utilizes third-party valuation specialists, and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash flows, discount rates, replacement costs, and asset lives, among other estimates. 
 
 The judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the intangible assets acquired and the estimated useful life of each asset could significantly impact our consolidated financial statements in periods after the acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense, as well as impairment charges, if applicable. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 We evaluate intangible assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that they may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability by comparing the carrying amount of an asset group to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated with such asset group. 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to impairment testing. We assess the impairment of goodwill on an annual basis, during the fourth quarter, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. Based on our annual goodwill impairment test performed in the fourth quarter of 2023, the estimated fair values of all reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying values. No goodwill impairment charges were recorded in the third quarter of 2024 or 2023. 
 
 We assess goodwill for possible impairment by performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we qualitatively determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount, then no additional impairment steps are necessary. When utilizing a quantitative assessment, we determine fair value at the reporting unit level based on a combination of an income approach and market approach. The income approach is based on estimated future cash flows, discounted at a rate that approximates the cost of capital of a similar market participant, while the market approach is based on guideline public company multiples and adjusted for the specific size and risk profile of each reporting units. 
 
 Debt Issuances 
 
 On October 20, 2023, we entered into a definitive agreement with Apollo Capital Management, L.P. and its affiliates Apollo whereby Apollo agreed to commit up to 250.0 million of financing for us in the form of a first lien term loan facility. We borrowed the first half of the facility on October 20, 2023, and the remaining 125.0 million was available as a delayed draw term loan. On May 31, 2024, we drew down the remaining 125.0 million of the facility. As part of the transaction, we repurchased a 5.0 million principal amount of our 2025 convertible notes held by Apollo and 71.9 million principal amount of 2027 convertible notes held by Apollo for an aggregate repurchase price of 57.1 million using cash on our balance sheet. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for a further description of this transaction. 
 
 We considered the nature of this debt issuance, the associated fees, and the associated gains or losses on the repurchases of convertible notes as part of our recording of this transaction. 
 
 Recent Accounting Standards 
 
 For information on recent accounting standards, see Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 3. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 Our primary operations are within the United States and Canada. We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily consist of fluctuations in interest rates. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our investment policy allows us to maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents and investments in a variety of securities, including U.S. treasury and agency issues, bank certificates of deposit that are 100 insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and SEC-registered money market funds that consist of a minimum of 1 billion in assets and meet the above requirements. The goals of our investment policy are liquidity and capital preservation. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 165.7 million. Declines in interest rates would reduce future investment income. Assuming no change in our outstanding cash and cash equivalents during the fourth quarter of 2024, a hypothetical 10 change in interest rates, occurring during and sustained throughout that quarter, would not have a material impact on our financial results for that quarter. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 We are exposed to interest rate risk on our mortgage loans held for sale and IRLCs associated with our mortgage loan origination services. We manage this interest rate risk through the use of forward sales commitments on both a best effort whole loans basis and on a mandatory basis. Forward sales commitments entered into on a mandatory basis are done through the use of commitments to sell mortgage-backed securities. We do not enter into or hold derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. The fair value of our IRLCs and forward sales commitments are reflected in other current assets and accrued liabilities, as applicable, with changes in the fair value of these commitments recognized as revenue. The net fair value change for the periods presented were not material. See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for a summary of the fair value of our forward sales commitments and our IRLCs as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 As our operations in Canada have been limited, and we do not maintain a significant balance of foreign currency, we do not currently face significant foreign currency exchange rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officers, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive and principal financial officers have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level described below. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 
 In connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 See "Legal Proceedings" under Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our material, pending legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 There have not been any material changes from the risk factors included in Item 1A of our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2023, as supplemented by Part II, Item 1A of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024. You should carefully consider the risks described in our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our quarterly report for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, together with all other information in this quarterly report, before investing in any of our securities. The occurrence of any single risk or any combination of risks could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity, or competitive position, and consequently, the value of our securities. The material adverse effects include, but are not limited to, not growing our revenue or market share at the pace that they have grown historically or at all, our revenue and market share fluctuating on a quarterly and annual basis, an extension of our history of losses and a failure to become profitable, not achieving the revenue and net income (loss) guidance that we provide, and harm to our reputation and brand. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the following directors and Section 16 officers adopted contracts, instructions, or written plans for the purchase or sale of our securities. Each of these intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 10b5-1 Plan ). None of our other directors or Section 16 officers or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K during the covered period. 
 
 The 10b5-1 Plan included a representation from each officer to the broker administering the plan that they were not in possession of any material nonpublic information regarding the company or the securities subject to the plan. A similar representation was made to the company in connection with the adoption of the 10b5-1 Plan under the company s insider trading policy. Those representations were made as of the date of adoption of each 10b5-1 Plan. 
 (1) 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 The exhibits required to be filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report are listed below. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary, exhibits 32.1, 32.2, 101, and 104 shall not be deemed to be filed as part of this Quarterly Report for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 31.1 Certification of principal executive officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 X 31.2 Certification of principal financial officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 
 X 32.1 Certification of chief executive officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 X 32.2 Certification of chief financial officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 X 101 Interactive data files X 104 Cover page interactive data file, submitted using inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Redfin Corporation (Registrant) November 7, 2024 /s/ Glenn Kelman (Date) Glenn Kelman 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Duly Authorized Officer) 
 November 7, 2024 /s/ Chris Nielsen (Date) Chris Nielsen 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31110qq32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, Glenn Kelman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Redfin Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Glenn Kelman Glenn Kelman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31210qq32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 I, Chris Nielsen, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Redfin Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Chris Nielsen Chris Nielsen Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32110qq32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 I, Glenn Kelman, Chief Executive Officer of Redfin Corporation (the Company ), certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that, to my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Glenn Kelman Glenn Kelman Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32210qq32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 
 I, Chris Nielsen, Chief Financial Officer of Redfin Corporation (the Company ), certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 that, to my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Chris Nielsen Chris Nielsen Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rdfn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rdfn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rdfn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rdfn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rdfn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

