<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_915912_0000915912-24-000021.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10222502</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142725</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1582236</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4011825</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2319872</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1949055</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000915912-24-000021.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112140845
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000915912-24-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000915912
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				770404318
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12672
		FILM NUMBER:		241446835

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4040 WILSON BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		STE 1000
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7033296300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4040 WILSON BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		STE 1000
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AVALON BAY COMMUNITIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BAY APARTMENT COMMUNITIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931208

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000915912-24-000021.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 avb-20240930.htm
 10-Q

avb-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: 
 
 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, were outstanding as of October 31, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 INDEX 
 
 PAGE PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 (UNAUDITED) AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 
 1 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 2 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (UNAUDITED) FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 3 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 5 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 7 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 26 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 46 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 46 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 46 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 46 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 47 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 47 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 47 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 47 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 48 
 SIGNATURES 
 49 

Table of Contents 

AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Real estate: Land and improvements Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Net operating real estate Construction in progress, including land Land held for development Real estate assets held for sale, net Total real estate, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Unconsolidated investments Deferred development costs Prepaid expenses and other assets Right of use lease assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Unsecured notes, net Variable rate unsecured credit facility and commercial paper, net Mortgage notes payable, net Dividends payable Payables for construction Accrued expenses and other liabilities Lease liabilities Accrued interest payable Resident security deposits Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Equity: Preferred stock, par value; liquidation preference; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings less dividends Accumulated other comprehensive income Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Rental and other income Management, development and other fees Total revenue Expenses: Operating expenses, excluding property taxes Property taxes Expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries Interest expense, net Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Depreciation expense General and administrative expense Casualty and impairment loss Total expenses Income from unconsolidated investments Gain on sale of communities Other real estate activity Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Other comprehensive income: Gain on cash flow hedges Cash flow hedge (gains) losses reclassified to earnings ) ) Comprehensive income Earnings per common share - basic: Net income attributable to common stockholders Earnings per common share - diluted: Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings less dividends Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total equity Balance at December 31, 2023 Net income attributable to common stockholders Gain on cash flow hedges, net Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of withholdings ) ) Amortization of deferred compensation Balance at March 31, 2024 Net income attributable to common stockholders Gain on cash flow hedges, net Cash flow hedge gains reclassified to earnings ) ) Noncontrolling interest activity ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of withholdings ) ) Amortization of deferred compensation Balance at June 30, 2024 Net income attributable to common stockholders Gain on cash flow hedges, net Cash flow hedge gains reclassified to earnings ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of withholdings Amortization of deferred compensation Balance at September 30, 2024 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings less dividends Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total equity Balance at December 31, 2022 Net income attributable to common stockholders Loss on cash flow hedges, net ) ) Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings Noncontrolling interest activity ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of withholdings ) ) Repurchase of common stock, including repurchase costs ) ) ) Amortization of deferred compensation Balance at March 31, 2023 Net income attributable to common stockholders Gain on cash flow hedges, net Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings Noncontrolling interest activity ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of withholdings Repurchase of common stock, including repurchase costs ) ) ) Amortization of deferred compensation Balance at June 30, 2023 Net income attributable to common stockholders Gain on cash flow hedges, net Cash flow hedge losses reclassified to earnings Noncontrolling interest activity ) ) Dividends declared to common stockholders per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock, net of withholdings ) ) ) Amortization of deferred compensation Balance at September 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Amortization of stock-based compensation Equity in (income) loss of, and return on, unconsolidated investments and noncontrolling interests, net of eliminations ) Impairment loss Abandonment of development pursuits Cash flow hedge (gains) losses reclassified to earnings ) Gain on sale of real estate assets ) ) Increase in prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Increase in accrued expenses, other liabilities and accrued interest payable Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Development/redevelopment of real estate assets including land acquisitions and deferred development costs ) ) Acquisition of real estate assets ) ) Capital expenditures - existing real estate assets ) ) Capital expenditures - non-real estate assets ) ) (Decrease) increase in payables for construction ) Proceeds from sale of real estate and for-sale condominiums, net of selling costs Note receivable lending ) ) Note receivable payments Distributions from unconsolidated entities and investment sale proceeds Unconsolidated investments ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of common stock, net Repurchase of common stock, net ) Dividends paid ) ) Net borrowings under unsecured credit facility and commercial paper Repayments of mortgage notes payable, including prepayment penalties ) ) Issuance of unsecured notes Repayment of unsecured notes ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Receipt for termination of forward interest rate swaps Payments related to tax withholding for share-based compensation ) ) Noncontrolling interests, joint venture and preferred equity transactions ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Cash paid during the period for interest, net of amount capitalized 
 See accompanying notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued) 
 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (dollars in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 As described in Note 4, "Equity," the Company issued shares of common stock as part of the Company's stock-based compensation plans, of which shares related to the conversion of performance awards to shares of common stock, and the remaining shares valued at were issued in connection with new stock grants; shares valued at were issued in conjunction with the conversion of deferred stock awards; shares valued at were issued through the Company's dividend reinvestment plan; shares valued at were withheld to satisfy employees' tax withholding and other liabilities; and restricted shares with an aggregate value of were forfeited. 
 
 Common stock dividends declared but not paid totaled . 
 
 The Company recorded (i) an increase to prepaid expenses and other assets of and a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income; and (ii) reclassified of cash flow hedge gains from other comprehensive income to interest expense, net, to record the impact of the Company's derivative and hedging activity. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 
 The Company issued shares of common stock as part of the Company's stock-based compensation plans, of which shares related to the conversion of performance awards to shares of common stock, and the remaining shares valued at were issued in connection with new stock grants; shares valued at were issued through the Company's dividend reinvestment plan; shares valued at were withheld to satisfy employees' tax withholding and other liabilities; and restricted shares with an aggregate value of were forfeited. 
 
 Common stock dividends declared but not paid totaled . 
 
 The Company recorded (i) an increase to prepaid expenses and other assets of and a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income; and (ii) reclassified of cash flow hedge losses from other comprehensive income to interest expense, net, to record the impact of the Company's derivative and hedging activity. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

1. 
 
 apartment communities containing apartment homes in states and the District of Columbia, of which communities were under development. The Company also owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in land or rights to land on which the Company expects to develop an additional communities that, if developed as expected, will contain an estimated apartment homes. 
 
 The interim unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") for interim financial information and in conjunction with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements required by GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. These unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the "Form 10-K"). The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year. Management believes the disclosures are adequate to ensure the information presented is not misleading. In the opinion of management, all adjustments and eliminations, consisting only of normal, recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the financial statements for the interim periods, have been included. 
 
 Capitalized terms used without definition have meanings provided elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted average DownREIT units outstanding Effect of dilutive securities Weighted average common shares - diluted Calculation of Earnings per Common Share - basic Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income allocated to unvested restricted shares ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders - basic Weighted average common shares - basic Earnings per common share - basic Calculation of Earnings per Common Share - diluted Net income attributable to common stockholders Add: noncontrolling interests of DownREIT unitholders in consolidated partnerships, including discontinued operations Net income attributable to common stockholders - diluted Weighted average common shares - diluted Earnings per common share - diluted 
 
 and were outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and certain forward contracts to sell shares of common stock in the amounts of were outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share because such options and forward sale contracts were anti-dilutive for the period. 

8 

Table of Contents 

and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and an income tax expense of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily related to The Park Loggia, a mixed-use development in New York, New York, comprised of for-sale condominiums and retail. 

Lessee Considerations 
 
 The Company assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on whether the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, including specified portions of larger assets, for a period of time in exchange for consideration. 
 
 The Company s leases include both fixed and variable lease payments that are based on an index or rate such as the consumer price index (CPI) or percentage rents based on total sales. Variable lease payments are generally not included in the lease liability, but recognized as variable lease expense in the period in which they are incurred. 
 
 For leases that have options to extend the term or terminate the lease early, the Company only factored the impact of such options into the lease term if the option was considered reasonably certain to be exercised. The Company determined the discount rate associated with its ground and office leases on a lease-by-lease basis using the Company s actual borrowing rates as well as indicative market pricing for longer term rates and taking into consideration the remaining term of the lease agreements. For leases that are 12 months or less, the Company elected the practical expedient to recognize the lease payments on a straight-line basis. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Non-lease related revenue (2) Total non-lease revenue Lease income (3) Total revenue For the three months ended September 30, 2023 Management, development and other fees and other ancillary items Non-lease related revenue (2) Total non-lease revenue Lease income (3) Total revenue 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Non-lease related revenue (2) Total non-lease revenue Lease income (3) Total revenue For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Management, development and other fees and other ancillary items Non-lease related revenue (2) Total non-lease revenue Lease income (3) Total revenue 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) Represents third-party property management, developer fees and miscellaneous income and other ancillary items which are not allocated to a reportable segment. 
 (2) Amounts include revenue streams related to leasing activities that are not considered components of a lease, and revenue streams not related to leasing activities including, but not limited to, application fees, renters insurance fees and vendor revenue sharing. 
 (3) Represents residential and commercial rental and other lease income, as discussed above, under "Leases". 
 
 Due to the nature and timing of the Company s identified revenue streams, there were no material amounts of outstanding or unsatisfied performance obligations as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

3. 

Fixed rate mortgage notes payable - conventional and tax-exempt Variable rate mortgage notes payable - conventional and tax-exempt Total mortgage notes payable and unsecured notes Credit Facility Commercial paper Total principal outstanding Less deferred financing costs and debt discount (1) ) ) Total 
 _____________________________________ 
 (1) Excludes deferred financing costs and debt discount associated with the Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program which are included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company has a revolving variable rate unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the "Credit Facility") which matures in September 2026. The interest rate that would be applicable to borrowings under the Credit Facility was at September 30, 2024 and was composed of (i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), applicable to the period of borrowing for a particular draw of funds from the facility (e.g., one month to maturity, three months to maturity, etc.), plus (ii) the current borrowing spread to SOFR of per annum, which consisted of a SOFR adjustment plus per annum, assuming a daily SOFR borrowing rate. The borrowing spread to SOFR can vary from SOFR plus to SOFR plus based upon the rating of the Company's unsecured senior notes. There is also an annual facility commitment fee of of the borrowing capacity under the facility, which can vary from to based upon the rating of the Company's unsecured senior notes. The Credit Facility contains a sustainability-linked pricing component which provides for interest rate margin and commitment fee reductions or increases by meeting or missing targets related to environmental sustainability, specifically greenhouse gas emission reductions, with the adjustment determined annually. The annual determination under the sustainability-linked pricing component occurred in July 2024, maintaining reductions of approximately to the interest rate margin and to the commitment fee due to our achievement of sustainability targets. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Facility outstanding Commercial paper outstanding Letters of credit outstanding (1) ) ) Total Credit Facility available 
 _____________________________________ 
 (1) In addition, the Company had and outstanding in additional letters of credit unrelated to the Credit Facility as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company has an unsecured commercial paper note program (the Commercial Paper Program with the maximum aggregate face or principal amount outstanding at any one time not to exceed . Under the terms of the Commercial Paper Program, the Company may issue, from time to time, unsecured commercial paper notes with varying maturities of less than one year. The Commercial Paper Program is backstopped by the Company's commitment to maintain available borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility in an amount equal to actual borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program. 
 
 In May 2024, the Company issued principal amount of unsecured notes in a public offering under its existing shelf registration statement for proceeds net of underwriting fees of approximately , before considering the impact of other offering costs. The notes mature in June 2034 and were issued at a interest rate, resulting in a effective rate including the impact of issuance costs and hedging activity. 
 
 In the aggregate, secured notes payable mature at various dates from March 2027 through July 2066, and are secured by certain apartment communities (with a net carrying value of , excluding communities classified as held for sale, as of September 30, 2024). 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 Thereafter 
 
 The Company was in compliance at September 30, 2024 with customary covenants under the Credit Facility and the indentures under which the unsecured notes were issued. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

4. 
 
 shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company: 
 
 i. issued shares of common stock in connection with stock options exercised; 
 ii. issued shares of common stock through the Company's dividend reinvestment plan; 
 iii. issued shares of common stock in connection with restricted stock grants and the conversion of performance awards to shares of common stock; 
 iv. issued shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of deferred stock awards; 
 v. issued shares of common stock through the Employee Stock Purchase Plan; 
 vi. withheld shares of common stock to satisfy employees' tax withholding and other liabilities; and 
 vii. canceled shares of restricted common stock upon forfeiture. 
 
 Deferred compensation granted under the Company's Second Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") does not impact the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements until recognized as compensation cost. 
 
 The Company has a continuous equity program (the "CEP") under which the Company may sell (and/or enter into forward sale agreements for the sale of) up to of its common stock from time to time. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into forward contracts under the CEP to sell shares of common stock for approximate proceeds, net of fees, of , based on the gross weighted average price of per share, with settlement of the forward contracts expected to occur on one or more dates not later than December 31, 2025. The final proceeds will be determined on the date(s) of settlement and are subject to certain customary adjustments for the Company's dividends and a daily interest factor. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had other sales under the CEP. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had remaining authorized for issuance under the CEP, after consideration of the forward contracts. 
 
 In addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock at a discount to the closing price of per share, net of offering fees, offered in connection with forward contracts entered into with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers. Assuming full physical settlement of the forward contracts, which the Company expects to occur no later than December 31, 2025, the Company will receive approximate proceeds, net of offering fees and discounts of , based on the initial forward price. The final proceeds will be determined on the date(s) of settlement and are subject to certain customary adjustments for the Company's dividends and a daily interest factor. 
 
 The Company has a stock repurchase program under which the Company may acquire shares of its common stock in open market or negotiated transactions up to an aggregate purchase price of (the "Stock Repurchase Program"). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had repurchases of shares under this program. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of common stock, at an average price of per share. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had remaining authorized for purchase under this program. 

5. 
 
 Avalon Perimeter Park Morrisville, NC Q3 2024 Avalon Cherry Hills Englewood, CO Q3 2024 AVA Balboa Park San Diego, CA Q3 2024 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 commitments to fund up to in the aggregate. The Company's investment commitments have a weighted average rate of return of and a weighted average initial maturity date of December 2026. At September 30, 2024, the Company had funded of these commitments. The Company recognized interest income of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, from the SIP. Interest income and any change in the expected credit loss are included as a component of income from unconsolidated investments, on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 The Company evaluates each SIP commitment to determine the classification as a loan or an investment in a real estate development project. As of September 30, 2024, all of the SIP commitments are classified as loans. The Company includes amounts outstanding under the SIP as a component of prepaid expenses and other assets on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company evaluates the credit risk for each commitment on an ongoing basis, estimating the reserve for credit losses using relevant available information from internal and external sources. Market-based historical credit loss data provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses, with adjustments, if necessary, for differences in current commitment-specific risk characteristics, such as the amount of equity capital provided by a borrower, nature of the real estate being developed or other factors. 
 
 Unconsolidated Investments 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had investments in unconsolidated entities with real estate holdings, with ownership interest percentages ranging from to , coupled with other unconsolidated investments including property technology and environmentally focused companies and investment management funds. For the Arts District joint venture, which owns an apartment community that completed development during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and in which the Company has an ownership interest of , the Company has provided the lender a payment guarantee for of the venture's construction loan maximum borrowing capacity, on behalf of the venture. At September 30, 2024, the construction loan had an outstanding balance of and maximum borrowing capacity of . Any amounts payable under the construction loan guarantee by the Company are obligations of the venture partners in proportion to their ownership interest, and in the event the Company is obligated to perform under its construction loan guarantee, its joint venture partner is obligated to reimburse the Company for of amounts paid. 
 
 The Company accounts for its unconsolidated investments under the equity method of accounting, net asset value or under the measurement alternative with the carrying amount of the investment adjusted to fair value when there is an observable transaction for the same or similar investment of the same issuer indicating a change in fair value. The significant accounting policies of the unconsolidated investments are consistent with those of the Company in all material respects. Certain of these investments are subject to various buy sell provisions or other rights which are customary in real estate joint venture agreements. The Company and its partners in these entities may initiate these provisions to either sell the Company's interest or acquire the interest from the Company's partner. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These costs are included in expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The amounts for 2023 include write-offs of related to Development Rights in Northern and Southern California and the Mid-Atlantic that the Company determined are no longer probable. These costs can vary greatly, and the costs incurred in any given period may be significantly different in future periods. 
 
 Long-Lived Assets Casualty Loss 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized charges of for the property damage to certain of the Company's communities, reported as casualty and impairment loss on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized and , respectively, for the property damage to certain of the Company's communities, reported as casualty and impairment loss on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The charge for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, relates to flooding and water damage at communities in California from extensive rainfall and a fire at a community in New Jersey. The charge for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, relates to damage to certain communities in the Northeast and California regions from severe weather. 

6. 
 
 AVA North Hollywood Los Angeles, CA Q2 2024 Avalon Hackensack at Riverside Hackensack, NJ Q2 2024 AVA Theater District Boston, MA Q3 2024 Avalon Darien Darien, CT Q3 2024 
 _________________________________ 
 (1) Gain on disposition was reported in gain on sale of communities on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had real estate assets that qualified as held for sale. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 
 owners and/or operators of multifamily housing in the District of Columbia, including the Company, alleging that the defendants violated the District of Columbia Antitrust Act by unlawfully agreeing to use RealPage, Inc. revenue management systems and sharing sensitive data (the D.C. Antitrust Litigation ). On May 29, 2024, the Superior Court granted, with prejudice, the Company s motion to dismiss this case as it pertains to the Company. See Note 12, "Subsequent Events," for further discussion of the D.C. Antitrust Litigation. 
 
 The Company is not currently a defendant of any other cases with allegations similar to those above. 
 
 The Company is involved in various other claims and/or administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of its business. While no assurances can be given, the Company does not currently believe that any of these other outstanding litigation matters, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 apartment communities, commercial properties and development right located on land subject to ground leases expiring between July 2046 and May 2123. The Company has purchase options for all ground leases expiring prior to 2062. The ground leases for of the apartment communities, the commercial properties and development right are operating leases, with rental expense recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company entered into a new ground lease, expiring May 2123, for a development right, resulting in minimum lease payments over the term of the lease of and a lease liability balance of as of September 30, 2024. In addition, the Company is party to leases for its corporate and regional offices with varying terms through 2031, all of which are operating leases. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had total operating lease assets of and , respectively, and lease obligations of and , respectively, reported as components of right of use lease assets and lease liabilities , respectively, on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company incurred costs of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to operating leases. 
 
 The Company has apartment community located on land subject to a ground lease and leases for portions of parking garages adjacent to apartment communities that are finance leases. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had total finance lease assets of and , respectively, and total finance lease obligations of and , respectively, reported as components of right of use lease assets and lease liabilities on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 
 and of total NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and of total NOI for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Although the Company considers NOI a useful measure of a community's or communities' operating performance, NOI should not be considered an alternative to net income or net cash flow from operating activities, as determined in accordance with GAAP. NOI excludes a number of income and expense categories as detailed in the reconciliation of NOI to net income and consistent with how the Company's CODM evaluates total NOI. 
 
 In conjunction with the Company s continued centralization of operating activities into a shared services model, the Company changed its presentation for centralized shared service costs to reflect these platform costs in property management and other indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income for all periods presented. Total property management and other indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 as presented in the following table includes and , respectively, of shared services costs for this change. 
 
 Property management and other indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income Expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries Interest expense, net Loss on extinguishment of debt, net General and administrative expense Income from unconsolidated investments ) ) ) ) Depreciation expense Income tax expense Casualty and impairment loss Gain on sale of communities ) ) ) ) Other real estate activity ) ) ) ) Net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale ) ) ) ) Net operating income 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Operating expenses from real estate assets sold or held for sale ) ) ) ) Net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale 
 
 The primary performance measure for communities under development or redevelopment depends on the stage of completion. While under development, management monitors actual construction costs against budgeted costs as well as lease-up pace and rent levels compared to budget. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Metro NY/NJ Mid-Atlantic Southeast Florida Denver, CO Pacific Northwest Northern California Southern California Other Expansion Regions Total Same Store Other Stabilized Development / Redevelopment Land Held for Development N/A N/A N/A N/A Non-allocated (2) N/A N/A Total For the period ended September 30, 2023 Same Store New England Metro NY/NJ Mid-Atlantic Southeast Florida Denver, CO Pacific Northwest Northern California Southern California Other Expansion Regions Total Same Store Other Stabilized Development / Redevelopment ) ) Land Held for Development N/A N/A N/A N/A Non-allocated (2) N/A N/A Total 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) Does not include gross real estate assets held for sale of as of September 30, 2024 and gross real estate either sold or classified as held for sale subsequent to September 30, 2023 of . 

9. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Granted (1) Exercised ) Forfeited Expired ) Options Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Options Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) All options are from recipient elections to receive a portion of earned restricted stock awards in the form of stock options. 
 
 Granted (1) Change in awards based on performance (2) Converted to shares of common stock ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) The shares of common stock that may be earned is based on the total shareholder return metrics for the Company's common stock for performance awards and financial metrics related to operating performance and leverage metrics of the Company for performance awards. 
 (2) Represents the change in the number of performance awards earned based on performance achievement. 
 
 Estimated volatility over the life of the plan (1) - 
 Risk free rate - 
 Estimated performance award value based on total shareholder return measure __________________________________ 
 (1) Estimated volatility over the life of the plan is using historical volatility and implied volatility. 
 
 For the portion of the performance awards granted in 2024 for which achievement will be determined by using financial metrics, the compensation cost was based on an average grant date value of . 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and total capitalized stock-based compensation cost was and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, there was a total unrecognized compensation cost of for unvested restricted stock, stock options and performance awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Forfeitures are included in compensation cost as they occur. 

10. 
 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, the Company had outstanding receivables associated with its property and construction management roles of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 The Company recorded non-employee director compensation expense relating to restricted stock grants and deferred stock units in the amount for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as a component of general and administrative expense. Deferred compensation relating to these restricted stock grants and deferred stock units to non-employee directors was and on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, reported as a component of prepaid expenses and other assets on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

11. 
 
 Weighted average interest rate (1) N/A Weighted average capped/swapped interest rate Earliest maturity date February 2026 May 2025 Latest maturity date January 2027 June 2025 
 ____________________________________ 
 (1) For debt hedged by interest rate caps, represents the weighted average interest rate on the hedged debt prior to any impact of the associated interest rate caps. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 of new forward interest rate swap agreements to reduce the impact of variability in interest rates on a portion of the Company's anticipated future debt issuance activity through December 31, 2025. The Company expects to cash settle the swaps and either pay or receive cash for the then current fair value. Assuming that the Company issues the debt as expected, the hedging impact from these positions will then be recognized over the life of the issued debt as a yield adjustment. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company terminated of forward interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges of the interest rate variability on the issuance of unsecured notes, receiving . Of the forward interest rate swap agreements terminated, were entered into during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company has deferred these amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and is recognizing the impact as a component of interest expense, net, over the term of the respective hedged debt. 
 
 The Company had certain derivatives not designated as hedges during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, for which fair value changes during each of the respective periods were not material. 
 
 The Company anticipates reclassifying approximately of net hedging gains from accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings within the next 12 months as an offset to the hedged item during this period. 
 
 Financial Instruments Not Carried at Fair Value 
 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 
 Cash, cash equivalent and restricted cash balances are held with various financial institutions within accounts designed to preserve principal. The Company monitors credit ratings of these financial institutions and the concentration of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances with any one financial institution and believes the likelihood of realizing material losses related to cash, cash equivalent and restricted cash balances is remote. Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash are carried at their face amounts, which reasonably approximate their fair values and are Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 
 Rents and other receivables and prepaid expenses, accounts and construction payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities are carried at their face amounts, which reasonably approximate their fair values. The Company determined that its notes receivables approximate fair value, because interest rates, yields and other terms are consistent with interest rates, yields and other terms currently available for similar instruments and are considered to be a Level 2 price within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Equity Securities 
 
 The Company has direct equity investments in property technology and environmentally focused companies. These investments are accounted for using the measurement alternative and are valued at the market price of observable transactions. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized income and unrealized gains of and , respectively, related to these investments, which was reported as a component of income from unconsolidated investments on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 Indebtedness 
 
 The Company values its fixed rate unsecured notes using quoted market prices, a Level 1 price within the fair value hierarchy. The Company values its mortgage notes payable and any outstanding amounts under the Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each instrument. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the instrument, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The process also considers credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect the Company's nonperformance risk. The Company has concluded that the value of its mortgage notes payable and any outstanding amounts under the Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program are Level 2 prices as the majority of the inputs used to value its positions fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Non-designated Hedges Interest Rate Caps Interest Rate Swaps - Assets Total Assets Liabilities Indebtedness Fixed rate unsecured notes Mortgage notes payable and Commercial Paper Program 
 Total Liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Description Total Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Asset (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets Investments Notes Receivable, net Non-designated Hedges Interest Rate Caps Interest Rate Swaps - Assets Total Assets Liabilities Interest Rate Swaps - Liabilities Indebtedness Fixed rate unsecured notes Mortgage notes payable and Commercial Paper Program 
 Total Liabilities 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 
 apartment homes for . 
 
 The Company acquired Avalon Townhomes at Bee Cave, located in Bee Cave, TX, containing townhomes for a purchase price of . 
 
 The District of Columbia filed a motion asking the court to reconsider the Company's dismissal from the D.C. Antitrust Litigation or give the District of Columbia leave to amend its original complaint. The Company intends to file a reply opposing this motion. The Company is unable to predict the outcome or estimate the loss, if any, that would result from the lawsuit if the court were to grant the District of Columbia s motion, or if the District of Columbia were to appeal the lawsuit and the appeal were to be granted. See Note 7, "Commitments and Contingencies," for further discussion of the D.C. Antitrust Litigation. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") is intended to help provide an understanding of our business, financial condition and results of operations. This MD A should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. This report, including the following MD A, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events or trends that should be read in conjunction with the factors described under "Forward-Looking Statements" included in this report. Actual results or developments could differ materially from those projected in such statements as a result of the factors described under "Forward-Looking Statements" as well as the risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the "Form 10-K") and in Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in this report. 
 
 Capitalized terms used without definition have the meanings provided elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 

Executive Overview 
 
 Business Description 
 
 AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (the Company, we, our and us which terms, unless the context otherwise requires, refer to AvalonBay Communities, Inc. together with its subsidiaries), is a Maryland corporation that has elected to be treated as a real 
 estate investment trust REIT for federal income tax purposes. We develop, redevelop, acquire, own and operate multifamily apartment communities in New England, the New York/New Jersey metro area, the Mid-Atlantic, the Pacific Northwest, and Northern and Southern California, as well as in our expansion regions of Raleigh-Durham and Charlotte, North Carolina, Southeast Florida, Dallas and Austin, Texas, and Denver, Colorado. We focus on leading metropolitan areas that we believe are generally characterized by growing employment in high wage sectors of the economy, higher cost of home ownership and a diverse and vibrant quality of life. We believe these market characteristics have offered, and will continue to offer, the opportunity for superior risk-adjusted returns over the long-term on apartment community investments relative to other markets that do not have these characteristics. 
 
 Our principal financial goal is to increase long-term shareholder value through the development, redevelopment, acquisition, ownership, operation and asset management and, when appropriate, disposition of apartment communities in our markets. To help meet this goal, we regularly (i) monitor our investment allocation by geographic market and product type, (ii) develop, redevelop and acquire apartment communities in our selected markets, (iii) efficiently operate our communities to maximize resident satisfaction and shareholder return, (iv) selectively sell apartment communities that no longer meet our long term strategy or when opportunities are presented to realize a portion of the value created through our investment and redeploy the proceeds from those sales and (v) maintain a capital structure that we believe is aligned with our business risks and allows us to maintain continuous access to cost-effective capital. We pursue our development, redevelopment, investment and operating activities with the purpose of Creating a Better Way to Live. 
 
 Third Quarter 2024 Operating Highlights 
 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 372,519,000, an increase of 200,488,000, or 116.5 , from the prior year period. The increase is primarily attributable to increases in real estate sales and related gains and an increase in NOI from communities over the prior year period. 
 
 Same Store NOI attributable to our apartment rental operations, including parking and other ancillary residential revenue ("Residential"), for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 456,664,000, an increase of 9,170,000, or 2.0 , over the prior year period. The increase over the prior year period was due to an increase in Residential revenue of 20,205,000, or 3.1 , partially offset by an increase in Residential property operating expenses of 11,035,000, or 5.4 . 
 
 Third Quarter 2024 Development Highlights 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we owned or held a direct or indirect interest in: 
 
 19 wholly-owned communities under construction, which are expected to contain 6,855 apartment homes with a projected total capitalized cost of 2,683,000,000. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Land or rights to land on which we expect to develop an additional 28 apartment communities that, if developed as expected, will contain 9,091 apartment homes. 
 
 Third Quarter 2024 Real Estate Transactions Highlights 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had the following activity: 
 
 We sold two wholly-owned communities containing 587 apartment homes for 332,000,000, for a gain in accordance with GAAP of 172,986,000. 
 
 We acquired three wholly-owned community containing 668 apartment homes for a purchase price of 212,500,000. 
 
 In addition, in October 2024, we had the following activity: 
 
 We sold Avalon New Canaan, located in New Canaan, CT, containing 104 apartment homes for 75,000,000. 
 
 We acquired Avalon Townhomes at Bee Cave, located in Bee Cave, TX, containing 126 townhomes for a purchase price of 49,000,000. 

Communities Overview 
 
 Our real estate investments consist primarily of current operating apartment communities ("Current Communities"), consolidated and unconsolidated communities in various stages of development ("Development" communities and "Unconsolidated Development" communities) and Development Rights (as defined below). Our Current Communities are further classified as Same Store communities, Other Stabilized communities, Redevelopment communities and Unconsolidated communities. While we generally establish the classification of communities on an annual basis, we update the classification of communities during the calendar year to the extent that our plans with regard to the disposition or redevelopment of a community change, or if something occurs that materially impacts the operations of a community such as a casualty loss. The following is a description of each category: 
 
 Current Communities are categorized as Same Store, Other Stabilized, Redevelopment, or Unconsolidated according to the following attributes: 
 
 Same Store is composed of consolidated communities where a comparison of operating results from the prior year to the current year is meaningful as these communities were owned and had stabilized occupancy as of the beginning of the prior year period. For the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Same Store communities are consolidated for financial reporting purposes, had stabilized occupancy as of January 1, 2023, are not conducting or are not probable to conduct substantial redevelopment activities and are not held for sale as of September 30, 2024 or probable for disposition to unrelated third parties within the current year. A community is considered to have stabilized occupancy at the earlier of (i) attainment of 90 physical occupancy or (ii) the one-year anniversary of completion of development or redevelopment. 
 
 Other Stabilized is composed of completed consolidated communities that we own and that are not Same Store but which have stabilized occupancy, as defined above, as of January 1, 2024, or which were acquired subsequent to January 1, 2023. Other Stabilized excludes communities that are conducting or are probable to conduct substantial redevelopment activities within the current year, as defined below. 
 
 Redevelopment is composed of consolidated communities where substantial redevelopment occurred or is in progress. Redevelopment is considered substantial when (i) capital invested is expected to exceed the lesser of 5,000,000 or 10 of the community's pre-redevelopment basis and (ii) physical occupancy is below or is expected to be below 90 during, or as a result of, the redevelopment activity. 
 
 Unconsolidated is composed of communities that we have an indirect ownership interest in through our investment interest in an unconsolidated joint venture. 
 
 Development is composed of consolidated communities that are either currently under construction, were under construction and were completed during the current year or where construction has been complete for less than one year and that do not have stabilized occupancy. These communities may be partially or fully complete and operating. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Unconsolidated Development is composed of communities that are either currently under construction, or were under construction and were completed during the current year, in which we have an indirect ownership interest through our investment interest in an unconsolidated joint venture. These communities may be partially or fully complete and operating. 
 
 Development Rights are development opportunities in the early phase of the development process where we either have an option to acquire land or enter into a leasehold interest, where we are the buyer under a long-term conditional contract to purchase land, where we control the land through a ground lease or own land to develop a new community, or where we are the designated developer in a public-private partnership. We capitalize related pre-development costs incurred in pursuit of new developments for which we currently believe future development is probable. 
 
 We currently lease our corporate headquarters located in Arlington, Virginia, as well as our other regional and administrative offices, under operating leases. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, communities that we owned or held a direct or indirect interest in were classified as follows: 
 Number of communities Number of apartment homes Current Communities Same Store: New England 37 9,236 Metro NY/NJ 40 12,540 Mid-Atlantic 42 14,482 Southeast Florida 8 2,837 Denver, CO 6 1,539 Pacific Northwest 19 5,374 Northern California 39 12,045 Southern California 58 17,791 Other Expansion Regions 6 1,381 Total Same Store 255 77,225 Other Stabilized: New England 3 505 Metro NY/NJ 3 689 Mid-Atlantic 1 714 Southeast Florida Denver, CO 1 306 Pacific Northwest Northern California 1 94 Southern California 1 100 Other Expansion Regions 5 1,693 Total Other Stabilized 15 4,101 Redevelopment Unconsolidated 9 2,722 Total Current 279 84,048 Development 26 8,860 Unconsolidated Development Total Communities 305 92,908 Development Rights 28 9,091 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Our results of operations are driven by our operating platform and are primarily affected by both overall and individual geographic market conditions and apartment fundamentals and is reflected in changes in Same Store NOI; NOI derived from acquisitions, development completions and development under construction and in lease-up; loss of NOI related to disposed communities; and capital market and financing activity. A comparison of our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is as follows (unaudited, dollars in thousands). 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 For the nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Revenue: Rental and other income 732,591 695,701 36,890 5.3 2,167,866 2,057,492 110,374 5.4 Management, development and other fees 1,716 1,934 (218) (11.3) 5,342 5,712 (370) (6.5) Total revenue 734,307 697,635 36,672 5.3 2,173,208 2,063,204 110,004 5.3 Expenses: Direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes 151,145 139,699 11,446 8.2 430,256 404,548 25,708 6.4 Property taxes 82,419 78,399 4,020 5.1 243,255 227,882 15,373 6.7 Total community operating expenses 233,564 218,098 15,466 7.1 673,511 632,430 41,081 6.5 Property management and other indirect operating expenses (41,896) (35,492) (6,404) (18.0) (118,297) (105,323) (12,974) (12.3) Expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries (1,573) (18,959) 17,386 91.7 (7,235) (23,212) 15,977 68.8 Interest expense, net (55,769) (48,115) (7,654) (15.9) (167,613) (156,521) (11,092) (7.1) Loss on extinguishment of debt, net (150) 150 100.0 (150) 150 100.0 Depreciation expense (212,122) (200,982) (11,140) (5.5) (631,314) (606,271) (25,043) (4.1) General and administrative expense (20,089) (20,466) 377 1.8 (60,006) (58,542) (1,464) (2.5) Casualty and impairment loss (3,499) 3,499 100.0 (2,935) (8,550) 5,615 65.7 Income from unconsolidated investments 30,720 1,930 28,790 1,491.7 46,389 11,745 34,644 295.0 Gain on sale of communities 172,973 22,121 150,852 681.9 241,459 209,430 32,029 15.3 Other real estate activity 314 237 77 32.5 636 707 (71) (10.0) Income before income taxes 373,301 176,162 197,139 111.9 800,781 694,087 106,694 15.4 Income tax expense (782) (4,372) 3,590 82.1 (698) (7,715) 7,017 91.0 Net income 372,519 171,790 200,729 116.8 800,083 686,372 113,711 16.6 Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 241 (241) 100.0 (181) 484 (665) N/A (1) Net income attributable to common stockholders 372,519 172,031 200,488 116.5 799,902 686,856 113,046 16.5 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Percent change is not meaningful. 
 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders increased 200,488,000, or 116.5 , to 372,519,000 and 113,046,000, or 16.5 , to 799,902,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to increases in real estate sales and related gains, increases in income from unconsolidated investments and an increase in NOI from communities over the prior year periods. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 NOI. We define NOI as total property revenue less direct property operating expenses (including property taxes), and excluding corporate-level income (including management, development and other fees), property management and other indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income, expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries, interest expense, net, loss on extinguishment of debt, net, general and administrative expense, income from unconsolidated investments, depreciation expense, income tax (benefit) expense, casualty and impairment loss, gain on sale of communities, other real estate activity and net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale. Management considers NOI to be an important and appropriate supplemental performance measure to net income because it helps both investors and management to understand the core operations of a community or communities prior to the allocation of any corporate-level property management overhead or financing-related costs. NOI reflects the operating performance of a community and allows for an easier comparison of the operating performance of individual assets or groups of assets. In addition, because prospective buyers of real estate have different financing and overhead structures, with varying marginal impact to overhead as a result of acquiring real estate, NOI is considered by many in the real estate industry to be a useful measure for determining the value of a real estate asset or group of assets. 
 
 In conjunction with our continued centralization of operating activities into a shared services model, we changed our presentation for centralized shared service costs to reflect these platform costs in property management and other indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income for all periods presented. Total property management and other indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 as presented in the following tables includes 3,133,000 and 9,429,000, respectively, of shared services costs for this change. 
 
 NOI does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, and NOI should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance. NOI should also not be considered an alternative to net cash flow from operating activities, as determined by GAAP, as a measure of liquidity, nor is NOI indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. Residential NOI represents results attributable to our apartment rental operations, including parking and other ancillary residential revenue. Reconciliations of NOI and Residential NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 to net income for each period are as follows (unaudited, dollars in thousands): 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 372,519 171,790 800,083 686,372 Property management and other indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income 40,149 33,554 112,906 99,606 Expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries 1,573 18,959 7,235 23,212 Interest expense, net 55,769 48,115 167,613 156,521 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 150 150 General and administrative expense 20,089 20,466 60,006 58,542 Income from unconsolidated investments (30,720) (1,930) (46,389) (11,745) Depreciation expense 212,122 200,982 631,314 606,271 Income tax expense 782 4,372 698 7,715 Casualty and impairment loss 3,499 2,935 8,550 Gain on sale of communities (172,973) (22,121) (241,459) (209,430) Other real estate activity (314) (237) (636) (707) Net operating income from real estate assets sold or held for sale (2,036) (10,537) (18,501) (39,005) NOI 496,960 467,062 1,475,805 1,386,052 Commercial NOI (1) (7,906) (7,959) (24,774) (24,582) Residential NOI 489,054 459,103 1,451,031 1,361,470 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Represents results attributable to the commercial and other non-residential operations at our communities ("Commercial"). 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents our Residential NOI and respective changes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 (unaudited, dollars in thousands): 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 to 2023 2024 2023 2024 to 2023 Same Store 456,664 447,494 9,170 1,373,215 1,334,637 38,578 Other Stabilized 18,416 11,619 6,797 50,401 27,698 22,703 Development / Redevelopment 13,974 (10) 13,984 27,415 (865) 28,280 Total 489,054 459,103 29,951 1,451,031 1,361,470 89,561 
 
 The 2.0 increase in our Same Store Residential NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024 is due to an increase in Residential revenue of 20,205,000, or 3.1 , partially offset by an increase in Residential property operating expenses of 11,035,000, or 5.4 , over the prior year period. The 2.9 increase in our Same Store Residential NOI for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is due to an increase in Residential revenue of 67,094,000, or 3.5 , partially offset by an increase in Residential property operating expenses of 28,516,000, or 4.8 , over the prior year period. 
 
 Rental and other income increased 36,890,000, or 5.3 , and 110,374,000, or 5.4 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to the increased rental revenue from our Same Store communities, discussed below. 
 
 Consolidated Communities The weighted average number of occupied apartment homes for consolidated communities increased to 79,203 apartment homes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 77,439 homes for the prior year period. The weighted average monthly revenue per occupied apartment home increased to 3,059 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2,945 in the prior year period. 
 
 Same Store Communities The following table presents the change in Same Store Residential revenue, including the attribution of the change between average revenue per occupied home and Economic Occupancy (as defined below) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (unaudited, dollars in thousands). 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 to 2023 2024 to 2023 2024 2023 2024 to 2023 2024 2023 2024 to 2023 Residential revenue Average monthly revenue per occupied home Economic Occupancy (1) Change Change Change Change New England 270,655 259,184 11,471 4.4 3,373 3,227 4.5 96.5 96.6 (0.1) Metro NY/NJ 398,803 385,255 13,548 3.5 3,698 3,566 3.7 95.6 95.7 (0.1) Mid-Atlantic 309,055 299,460 9,595 3.2 2,497 2,410 3.6 94.9 95.3 (0.4) Southeast Florida 71,846 70,380 1,466 2.1 2,900 2,846 1.9 97.0 96.9 0.1 Denver, CO 30,493 30,000 493 1.6 2,324 2,256 3.0 94.7 96.1 (1.4) Pacific Northwest 128,117 123,427 4,690 3.8 2,748 2,682 2.5 96.4 95.1 1.3 Northern California 318,053 313,885 4,168 1.3 3,063 3,014 1.6 95.8 96.1 (0.3) Southern California 441,260 419,303 21,957 5.2 2,868 2,730 5.1 96.1 96.0 0.1 Other Expansion Regions 24,507 24,801 (294) (1.2) 2,110 2,101 0.4 93.4 95.1 (1.7) Total Same Store 1,992,789 1,925,695 67,094 3.5 2,992 2,889 3.6 95.8 95.9 (0.1) 
 _________________________________ 
 (1) Economic Occupancy is defined as gross potential revenue less vacancy loss, as a percentage of gross potential revenue. Gross potential revenue is determined by valuing occupied homes at contract rates and vacant homes at market rents. Vacancy loss is determined by valuing vacant units at current market rents. Economic Occupancy considers that apartment homes of different sizes and locations within a community have different economic impacts on a community's gross revenue. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Same Store uncollectible lease revenue decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 1,984,000 and 8,388,000, respectively. The decrease in Same Store uncollectible lease revenue was impacted by a decrease in government rent relief of 788,000 and 3,103,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, from the prior year periods. Adjusting to remove the impact of rent relief, uncollectible lease revenue as a percentage of Same Store Residential revenue decreased to 1.6 and 1.8 , respectively, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 2.1 and 2.4 , respectively, in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes, increased 11,446,000, or 8.2 , and 25,708,000, or 6.4 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to the addition of newly developed apartment communities as well as increased Residential operating expenses at our Same Store communities as discussed below. 
 
 Same Store Residential direct property operating expenses, excluding property taxes, increased 8,449,000, or 6.5 , and 18,109,000, or 4.8 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to increased utility costs from our bulk internet offering, trash costs and increased property insurance premiums. 
 
 Property taxes increased 4,020,000, or 5.1 , and 15,373,000, or 6.7 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to the addition of newly developed apartment communities and increases for our Same Store Residential portfolio, partially offset by decreased property taxes from dispositions. 
 
 Same Store Residential property taxes increased 2,586,000, or 3.5 , and 10,407,000, or 4.9 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods, due to increased assessments and rates across the portfolio, successful appeals in the prior year period in excess of current period successful appeals and the expiration of property tax incentive programs primarily at certain of our properties in New York City. The expiration of property tax incentive programs represents 752,000, or 29 , of the 3.5 increase in property taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 4,546,000, or 44 , of the 4.9 increase in property taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Property management and other indirect operating expenses, net of corporate income increased 6,404,000, or 18.0 , and 12,974,000, or 12.3 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to increased costs related to investments in technology and process related spend for initiatives to improve future efficiency in services for residents and prospects and increased advocacy costs. 
 
 Expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries includes costs incurred for write downs and abandonment of Development Rights and development pursuits not yet considered probable for development, as well as costs related to abandoned acquisition and disposition pursuits, offset by any recoveries of costs incurred. In periods of increased acquisition and pursuit activity, periods of economic downturn or when there is limited access to capital, these costs can be volatile and may vary significantly from year to year. In addition, the timing for potential recoveries will not always align with the timing for expensing an abandoned pursuit. Expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries, was 1,573,000 and 7,235,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 18,959,000 and 23,212,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The amounts for 2023 include write-offs of 17,111,000 related to three Development Rights in Northern and Southern California and the Mid-Atlantic that we determined are no longer probable. 
 
 Interest expense, net increased 7,654,000, or 15.9 , and 11,092,000, or 7.1 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods. This category includes interest costs offset by capitalized interest pertaining to development and redevelopment activity, amortization of premium/discount on debt, interest income and any mark-to-market impact from derivatives not in qualifying hedge relationships. The increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are primarily due to increases in amounts of unsecured indebtedness and decreases in interest income compared to the prior year periods due to lower cash amounts invested. The increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are also due to decreased capitalized interest, compared to the prior year periods. 
 
 Depreciation expense increased 11,140,000, or 5.5 , and 25,043,000, or 4.1 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to the addition of newly developed apartment communities, partially offset by dispositions. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expense increased 1,464,000, or 2.5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior year period. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily due to an increase in compensation related expenses and increased legal and professional fees. 
 
 Casualty and impairment loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 2,935,000 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 3,499,000 and 8,550,000, respectively, for property and casualty damage to certain of our communities. The charge for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 relates to flooding and water damage at communities in California from extensive rainfall and a fire at a community in New Jersey. The charge for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 relates to damage across certain communities in our Northeast and California regions related to severe weather and other casualty events. 
 
 Income from unconsolidated investments increased 28,790,000 and 34,644,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods, primarily due to unrealized property technology investments gains. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is partially offset by the recognition of 1,496,000 of our promoted interest associated with the achievement of a threshold return with the Archstone Multifamily Partners AC LP (the U.S. Fund in the prior year period. 
 
 Gain on sale of communities increased 150,852,000 and 32,029,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the prior year periods. The amount of gain realized in a given period depends on many factors, including the number of communities sold, the size and carrying value of the communities sold and the market conditions in the local area. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold two and five wholly-owned communities and recognized gains of 172,973,000 and 241,459,000, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold one and three wholly-owned communities and recognized gains of 22,121,000 and 209,430,000, respectively. 
 
 Income tax expense of 4,372,000 and 7,715,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, was primarily related to The Park Loggia. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures - Reconciliation of FFO and Core FFO 
 
 FFO and FFO adjusted for non-core items, or Core FFO, as defined below, are generally considered by management to be appropriate supplemental measures of our operating and financial performance. 
 
 Consistent with the definition adopted by the Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("Nareit"), we calculate Funds from Operations Attributable to Common Stockholders ("FFO") as net income or loss attributable to common stockholders computed in accordance with GAAP, adjusted for: 
 
 gains or losses on sales of previously depreciated operating communities; 
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle; 
 impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate assets; 
 write-downs of investments in affiliates due to a decrease in the value of depreciable real estate assets held by those affiliates; 
 depreciation of real estate assets; and 
 similar adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, including those from a change in control. 
 
 FFO can help with the comparison of the operating and financial performance of a real estate company between periods or as compared to different companies because the adjustments such as (i) gains or losses on sales of previously depreciated property or (ii) real estate depreciation may impact comparability as the amount and timing of these or similar items can vary among owners of identical assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates. By further adjusting for items that we do not consider part of our core business operations, Core FFO can help with the comparison of our core operating performance year over year. We believe that, in order to understand our operating results, FFO and Core FFO should be considered in conjunction with net income as presented in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 We calculate Core FFO as FFO, adjusted for: 
 
 joint venture gains (if not adjusted through FFO), non-core costs and promoted interests from partnerships; 
 casualty and impairment losses or gains, net on non-depreciable real estate or other investments; 
 gains or losses from early extinguishment of consolidated borrowings; 
 expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries; 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 third-party business interruption insurance proceeds and the related lost NOI that is covered by the expected third-party business interruption insurance proceeds; 
 property and casualty insurance proceeds and legal settlements and costs; 
 gains or losses on sales of assets not subject to depreciation and other investment gains or losses; 
 advocacy contributions, representing payments to promote our business interests; 
 hedge ineffectiveness or gains or losses from derivatives not designated as hedges for accounting purposes; 
 changes to expected credit losses associated with the lending commitments under the SIP; 
 severance related costs; 
 executive transition compensation costs; 
 net for-sale condominium activity, including gains, marketing, operating and administrative costs and imputed carry cost; and 
 income taxes. 
 
 FFO and Core FFO do not represent net income in accordance with GAAP, and therefore should not be considered an alternative to net income, which remains the primary measure, as an indication of our performance. In addition, FFO and Core FFO as calculated by other REITs may not be comparable to our calculations of FFO and Core FFO. 
 
 The following is a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders to FFO attributable to common stockholders and to Core FFO attributable to common stockholders (unaudited, dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 For the three months ended September 30, For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to common stockholders 372,519 172,031 799,902 686,856 Depreciation - real estate assets, including joint venture adjustments 210,992 199,546 628,677 602,023 Distributions to noncontrolling interests 25 Gain on sale of previously depreciated real estate (172,973) (22,121) (241,459) (209,430) Casualty loss and impairment on real estate 3,499 2,935 8,550 FFO attributable to common stockholders 410,538 352,955 1,190,055 1,088,024 Adjusting items: Unconsolidated entity (gains) losses, net (1) (25,261) 827 (34,823) (4,024) Joint venture promote (2) (424) (1,496) Structured Investment Program loan reserve (3) (813) 539 (771) 415 Loss on extinguishment of consolidated debt 150 150 Hedge accounting activity 25 65 80 256 Advocacy contributions 3,732 5,914 200 Executive transition compensation costs 200 300 304 944 Severance related costs 738 993 1,979 2,493 Expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries (4) 252 18,070 3,857 21,318 Other real estate activity (314) (237) (636) (707) For-sale condominium imputed carry cost (5) 21 110 62 534 Legal settlements and costs 781 14 2,289 64 Income tax expense (6) 782 4,372 698 7,715 Core FFO attributable to common stockholders 390,681 377,734 1,169,008 1,115,886 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 142,516,684 142,198,099 142,376,434 141,448,675 Earnings per common share - diluted 2.61 1.21 5.62 4.86 FFO per common share - diluted 2.88 2.48 8.36 7.69 Core FFO per common share - diluted 2.74 2.66 8.21 7.89 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Amounts consist primarily of net unrealized gains on technology investments. 
 (2) Amount is for our recognition of our promoted interest in the U.S. Fund. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Reflects changes to expected credit losses associated with our lending commitments primarily under the SIP. The timing and amount of actual losses that will be incurred, if any, is to be determined. 
 (4) Amounts for 2023 include write-offs of 17,111 for three Development Rights in Northern and Southern California and the Mid-Atlantic that we determined are no longer probable. 
 (5) Represents the imputed carry cost of for-sale residential condominiums at The Park Loggia. We compute this adjustment by multiplying the total capitalized cost of completed and unsold for-sale residential condominiums by our weighted average unsecured debt effective interest rate. 
 (6) Amounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily for the recognition of taxes associated with The Park Loggia. 
 
 FFO and Core FFO also do not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, and therefore should not be considered an alternative to net cash flows from operating activities, as determined by GAAP, as a measure of liquidity. Additionally, it is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We employ a disciplined approach to our liquidity and capital management. When we source capital, we take into account both our view of the most cost-effective alternative available and our desire to maintain a balance sheet that provides us with flexibility. Our principal focus on near-term and intermediate-term liquidity is to ensure we have adequate capital to fund: 
 
 development and redevelopment activity in which we are currently engaged or in which we plan to engage; 
 the minimum dividend payments on our common stock required to maintain our REIT qualification under the Code; 
 regularly scheduled principal and interest payments and principal payments either at maturity or opportunistically before maturity; 
 normal recurring operating and corporate overhead expenses; and 
 investment in our operating platform, including strategic investments. 
 
 Factors affecting our liquidity and capital resources are our cash flows from operations, financing activities and investing activities (including dispositions) as well as general economic and market conditions. Cash flows from operations are determined by operating activities and factors including but not limited to (i) the number of apartment homes currently owned, (ii) rental rates, (iii) occupancy levels, (iv) uncollectible lease revenue levels or interruptions in collections caused by market conditions and (v) operating expenses with respect to apartment homes. The timing and type of capital markets activity in which we engage is affected by changes in the capital markets environment, such as changes in interest rates or the availability of cost-effective capital. Our plans for development, redevelopment, non-routine capital expenditure, acquisition and disposition activity are affected by market conditions and capital availability. We frequently review our liquidity needs, especially in periods with volatile market conditions, as well as the adequacy of cash flows from operations and other expected liquidity sources to meet these needs. 
 
 We had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 792,477,000 at September 30, 2024, an increase of 261,517,000 from 530,960,000 at December 31, 2023. The following discussion relates to changes in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash due to operating, investing and financing activities. 
 
 A presentation of GAAP based cash flow metrics is as follows (unaudited, dollars in thousands): 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,279,065 1,213,842 Net cash used in investing activities (682,589) (582,864) Net cash used in financing activities (334,959) (585,117) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased primarily due to increases in NOI. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to (i) the investment of 691,744,000 in the development and redevelopment of communities, (ii) acquisition of four wholly-owned communities for 278,363,000 and (iii) capital expenditures of 140,985,000 for our wholly-owned communities and non-real estate assets. These amounts were partially offset by net proceeds from the disposition of five wholly-owned communities of 502,808,000. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to payment of cash dividends in the amount of 720,136,000, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of unsecured notes in the amount of 398,788,000. 
 
 Variable Rate Unsecured Credit Facility 
 
 The 2,250,000,000 Credit Facility matures in September 2026. The interest rate that would be applicable to borrowings under the Credit Facility is 5.71 at October 31, 2024 and is composed of (i) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), applicable to the period of borrowing for a particular draw of funds from the facility (e.g., one month to maturity, three months to maturity, etc.), plus (ii) the current borrowing spread to SOFR of 0.805 per annum, which consists of a 0.10 SOFR adjustment plus 0.705 per annum, assuming a daily SOFR borrowing rate. The borrowing spread to SOFR can vary from SOFR plus 0.63 to SOFR plus 1.38 based upon the rating of our unsecured senior notes. There is also an annual facility commitment fee of 0.12 of the borrowing capacity under the facility, which can vary from 0.095 to 0.295 based upon the rating of our unsecured senior notes. The Credit Facility contains a sustainability-linked pricing component which provides for interest rate margin and commitment fee reductions or increases by meeting or missing targets related to environmental sustainability, specifically greenhouse gas emission reductions, with the adjustment determined annually. The annual determination under the sustainability-linked pricing component occurred in July 2024, maintaining reductions of approximately 0.02 to the interest rate margin and 0.005 to the commitment fee due to our achievement of sustainability targets. 
 
 The availability on the Credit Facility as of October 31, 2024 is as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 October 31, 2024 Credit Facility commitment 2,250,000 Credit Facility outstanding Commercial paper outstanding Letters of credit outstanding (1) (1,814) Total Credit Facility available 2,248,186 
 _____________________________________ 
 (1) In addition, we had 57,585 outstanding in additional letters of credit unrelated to the Credit Facility as of October 31, 2024. 
 
 Commercial Paper Program 
 
 We have a Commercial Paper Program with the maximum aggregate face or principal amount outstanding at any one time not to exceed 500,000,000. Under the terms of the Commercial Paper Program, we may issue, from time to time, unsecured commercial paper notes with varying maturities of less than one year. The Commercial Paper Program is backstopped by our commitment to maintain available borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility in an amount equal to actual borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program. 
 
 Financial Covenants 
 
 We are subject to financial covenants contained in the Credit Facility and the indentures under which our unsecured notes were issued. The principal financial covenants include the following: 
 
 limitations on the amount of total and secured debt in relation to our overall capital structure; 
 limitations on the amount of our unsecured debt relative to the undepreciated basis of real estate assets that are not encumbered by property-specific financing; and 
 minimum levels of debt service coverage. 
 
 We were in compliance with these covenants at September 30, 2024. 
 
 In addition, some of our secured borrowings include yield maintenance, defeasance, or prepayment penalty provisions, which would result in us incurring an additional charge in the event of a full or partial prepayment of outstanding principal before the scheduled maturity. These provisions in our secured borrowings are generally consistent with other similar types of debt instruments issued during the same time period in which our borrowings were secured. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Continuous Equity Offering Program 
 
 Under our continuous equity program (the "CEP"), we may sell (and/or enter into forward sale agreements for the sale of) up to 1,000,000,000 of our common stock from time to time. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we entered into forward contracts under the CEP to sell 203,297 shares of common stock for approximate proceeds, net of fees of 44,066,000, based on the gross weighted average price of 219.92 per share, with settlement of the forward contracts to occur on one or more dates not later than December 31, 2025. The final proceeds will be determined on the date(s) of settlement and are subject to certain customary adjustments for our dividends and a daily interest factor. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and through October 31, 2024, we did not have any other sales under this program. As of October 31, 2024, we had 661,251,000 remaining authorized for issuance under this program, after consideration of the forward contracts. 
 
 Forward Equity Offering 
 
 In addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, we completed an underwritten public offering of 3,680,000 shares of our common stock at a discount to the closing price of 226.52 per share, net of offering fees, offered in connection with forward contracts entered into with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers. Assuming full physical settlement of the forward contracts, which we expect to occur no later than December 31, 2025, we will receive approximate proceeds, net of offering fees and discounts of 808,606,000, based on the initial forward price. The final proceeds will be determined on the date(s) of settlement and are subject to certain customary adjustments for our dividends and a daily interest factor. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 We have a stock repurchase program under which we may acquire shares of our common stock in open market or negotiated transactions up to an aggregate purchase price of 500,000,000 (the "Stock Repurchase Program"). During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and through October 31, 2024, we had no repurchases of shares under this program. As of October 31, 2024, we had 314,237,000 remaining authorized for purchase under this program. 
 
 Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we entered into 100,000,000 of new forward interest rate swap agreements to reduce the impact of variability in interest rates on a portion of our anticipated future debt issuance activity through December 31, 2025. We expect to cash settle the swaps and either pay or receive cash for the then current fair value. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we terminated 250,000,000 of forward interest rate swap agreements designated as cash flow hedges of the interest rate variability on the issuance of unsecured notes, receiving 16,839,000. Of the 250,000,000 forward interest rate swap agreements terminated, 50,000,000 were entered into during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Debt Maturities, Material Obligations, Future Financing and Capital Needs 
 
 One of our principal long-term liquidity needs is the repayment of long-term debt at maturity. For both our unsecured and secured notes, a portion of the principal of these notes may be repaid prior to maturity. Early retirement of our unsecured or secured notes could result in gains or losses on extinguishment. We may use capital from a variety of sources to repay debt at maturity, including proceeds received from the dispositions of our operating communities or other direct and indirect investments in real estate and cash from operations. If we do not have funds on hand sufficient to repay our indebtedness as it becomes due, it will be necessary for us to refinance or otherwise provide liquidity to satisfy the debt at maturity. This refinancing may be accomplished by uncollateralized private or public debt offerings, equity issuances, additional debt financing that is secured by mortgages on individual communities or groups of communities or borrowings under our Credit Facility or Commercial Paper Program. In addition, to the extent we have amounts outstanding under the Commercial Paper Program, we are obligated to repay the short-term indebtedness at maturity through either current cash on hand or by incurring other indebtedness, including by way of borrowing under our Credit Facility. Although we believe we will have the capacity to meet our currently anticipated liquidity needs, we cannot assure you that capital from additional debt financing or debt or equity offerings will be available or, if available, that they will be on terms we consider satisfactory. 
 
 In May 2024, we issued 400,000,000 principal amount of unsecured notes in a public offering under our existing shelf registration statement for proceeds net of underwriting fees of approximately 396,188,000, before considering the impact of other offering costs. The notes mature in June 2034 and were issued at a 5.35 interest rate, resulting in a 5.05 effective rate including the impact of issuance costs and hedging activity. 
 
 The following table details our consolidated debt obligations, including the effective interest rate and contractual maturity dates, and principal payments for periodic amortization and maturities for the next five years, excluding our Credit Facility and Commercial Paper Program and amounts outstanding related to communities classified as held for sale, for debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands). We are not directly or indirectly (as borrower or guarantor) obligated in any material respect to pay principal or interest on the indebtedness of any unconsolidated entities in which we have an equity or other interest other than as disclosed related to the AVA Arts District construction loan (see "Unconsolidated Operating Communities" for further discussion of the construction loan). 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Effective interest rate (1) Principal maturity date Balance Outstanding (2) Scheduled Maturities Debt 12/31/2023 9/30/2024 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Tax-exempt bonds Variable rate Avalon Acton 4.19 Jul-2040 (3) 45,000 45,000 45,000 Avalon Clinton North 4.84 Nov-2038 (3) 126,400 126,400 700 2,800 122,900 Avalon Clinton South 4.84 Nov-2038 (3) 104,500 104,500 600 2,300 101,600 Avalon Midtown West 4.81 May-2029 (3) 76,600 69,800 7,300 8,100 8,800 9,600 36,000 Avalon San Bruno I 4.73 Dec-2037 (3) 57,650 55,650 200 2,400 2,600 2,800 3,000 44,650 410,150 401,350 200 9,700 10,700 12,900 17,700 350,150 Conventional loans Fixed rate 300 million unsecured notes 3.66 Nov-2024 300,000 300,000 300,000 525 million unsecured notes 3.55 Jun-2025 525,000 525,000 525,000 300 million unsecured notes 3.62 Nov-2025 300,000 300,000 300,000 475 million unsecured notes 3.35 May-2026 475,000 475,000 475,000 300 million unsecured notes 3.01 Oct-2026 300,000 300,000 300,000 350 million unsecured notes 3.95 Oct-2046 350,000 350,000 350,000 400 million unsecured notes 3.50 May-2027 400,000 400,000 400,000 300 million unsecured notes 4.09 Jul-2047 300,000 300,000 300,000 450 million unsecured notes 3.32 Jan-2028 450,000 450,000 450,000 300 million unsecured notes 3.97 Apr-2048 300,000 300,000 300,000 450 million unsecured notes 3.66 Jun-2029 450,000 450,000 450,000 700 million unsecured notes 2.69 Mar-2030 700,000 700,000 700,000 600 million unsecured notes 2.65 Jan-2031 600,000 600,000 600,000 700 million unsecured notes 2.16 Jan-2032 700,000 700,000 700,000 400 million unsecured notes 2.03 Dec-2028 400,000 400,000 400,000 350 million unsecured notes 4.38 Feb-2033 350,000 350,000 350,000 400 million unsecured notes 5.19 Dec-2033 400,000 400,000 400,000 400 million unsecured notes 5.05 Jun-2034 400,000 400,000 Avalon Walnut Creek 4.00 Jul-2066 4,501 4,501 4,501 eaves Los Feliz 3.68 Jun-2027 41,400 41,400 41,400 eaves Woodland Hills 3.67 Jun-2027 111,500 111,500 111,500 Avalon Russett 3.77 Jun-2027 32,200 32,200 32,200 Avalon San Bruno III 2.38 Mar-2027 51,000 51,000 51,000 Avalon Cerritos 3.34 Aug-2029 30,250 30,250 30,250 Avalon West Plano 5.97 May-2029 63,041 62,709 261 1,065 1,111 1,159 1,202 57,911 7,633,892 8,033,560 300,261 826,065 776,111 637,259 851,202 4,642,662 Total indebtedness - excluding Credit Facility and Commercial Paper 8,044,042 8,434,910 300,461 835,765 786,811 650,159 868,902 4,992,812 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Rates are as of September 30, 2024 and include credit enhancement fees, facility fees, trustees' fees, the impact of interest rate hedges, offering costs, mark-to-market amortization and other fees. 
 (2) Balances outstanding represent total amounts due at maturity, and exclude deferred financing costs and debt discount for the unsecured notes of 43,090 and 43,848 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, deferred financing costs and debt discount associated with secured notes of 16,558 and 18,372 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, as reflected on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets included elsewhere in this report. 
 (3) Financed by variable rate debt, but interest rate is capped through an interest rate protection agreement. 
 
 In addition to consolidated debt, we have scheduled contractual obligations associated with (i) ground leases for land underlying current operating or development communities and commercial and parking facilities and (ii) office leases for our corporate headquarters and regional offices. As of September 30, 2024, other than as discussed in this Form 10-Q, there have been no other material changes in our scheduled contractual obligations as disclosed in the Form 10-K. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Future Financing and Capital Needs Portfolio and Capital Markets Activity 
 
 We invest in various real estate and real estate related investments, which include (i) the acquisition, development and redevelopment of communities both wholly-owned and through the formation of joint ventures, (ii) other indirect investments in real estate through the SIP, all as discussed further below and (iii) investments in other real estate-related ventures through direct and indirect investments in property technology and environmentally focused companies and investment management funds. 
 
 In 2024, we expect to continue to meet our liquidity needs from one or more of a variety of internal and external sources, which may include (i) real estate dispositions, (ii) cash balances on hand as well as cash generated from our operating activities, (iii) borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility, (iv) borrowings under the Commercial Paper Program and (v) secured and unsecured debt financings. Additional sources of liquidity in 2024 may include the issuance of common and preferred equity, including the issuance of shares of our common stock under the CEP. Our ability to obtain additional financing will depend on a variety of factors, such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the real estate industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the perception of lenders regarding our long or short-term financial prospects. 
 
 Before beginning new construction or reconstruction activity, including activity related to communities owned by unconsolidated joint ventures, we plan to source sufficient capital to complete these undertakings, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such financing. In the event that financing cannot be obtained, we may abandon Development Rights, write-off associated pre-development costs that were capitalized and/or forego reconstruction activity. In such instances, we will not realize the increased revenues and earnings that we expected from such Development Rights or reconstruction activity and significant losses could be incurred. 
 
 From time to time we use joint ventures to hold or develop individual real estate assets. We generally employ joint ventures to mitigate asset concentration or market risk and secondarily as a source of liquidity. We may also use joint ventures related to mixed-use land development opportunities and new markets where our partners bring development and operational expertise and/or experience to the venture. Each joint venture or partnership agreement has been individually negotiated, and our ability to operate and/or dispose of a community in our sole discretion may be limited to varying degrees depending on the terms of the joint venture or partnership agreement. We cannot assure you that we will achieve our objectives through joint ventures. 
 
 In addition, we may invest, through mezzanine loans or preferred equity investments, in multifamily development projects being undertaken by third parties. In these cases, we do not expect to acquire the underlying real estate but rather to earn a return on our investment (through interest or fixed rate preferred equity returns) and a return of the invested capital generally following completion of construction either on or before a set due date. 
 
 In evaluating our allocation of capital within our markets, we sell assets that do not meet our long-term investment criteria or when capital and real estate markets allow us to realize a portion of the value created over our ownership periods and redeploy the proceeds from those sales to develop, redevelop and acquire communities. Because the proceeds from the sale of communities may not be immediately redeployed into revenue generating assets that we develop, redevelop or acquire, the immediate effect of a sale of a community for a gain is to increase net income, but reduce future total revenues, total expenses and NOI until such time as the proceeds have been redeployed into revenue generating assets. We believe that the temporary absence of future cash flows from communities sold will not have a material impact on our ability to fund future liquidity and capital resource needs. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Unconsolidated Operating Communities 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had investments in the following unconsolidated real estate entities accounted for under the equity method of accounting, excluding development joint ventures. See Note 5, "Investments," of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. For joint ventures holding operating apartment communities as of September 30, 2024, detail of the real estate and associated indebtedness underlying our unconsolidated investments is presented in the following table (dollars in thousands). 
 Company ownership percentage # of apartment homes Total capitalized cost Debt (1) Principal amount Interest rate Maturity date Unconsolidated Real Estate Investments Type NYTA MF Investors, LLC 1. Avalon Bowery Place I - New York, NY 206 217,086 93,800 Fixed 4.01 Jan 2029 2. Avalon Bowery Place II - New York, NY 90 91,552 39,639 Fixed 4.01 Jan 2029 3. Avalon Morningside - New York, NY (2) 295 215,834 111,295 Fixed 3.55 Jan 2029/May 2046 4. Avalon West Chelsea - New York, NY (3) 305 129,789 66,000 Fixed 4.01 Jan 2029 5. AVA High Line - New York, NY (3) 405 122,770 84,000 Fixed 4.01 Jan 2029 Total NYTA MF Investors, LLC 20.0 1,301 777,031 394,734 3.88 Other Operating Joint Ventures 1. MVP I, LLC - Avalon at Mission Bay II - San Francisco, CA 25.0 313 129,952 103,000 Fixed 3.24 Jul 2025 2. Brandywine Apartments of Maryland, LLC - Brandywine - Washington, D.C. 28.7 305 20,093 18,544 Fixed 3.40 Jun 2028 3. Avalon Alderwood MF Member, LLC - Avalon Alderwood Place - Lynnwood, WA 50.0 328 111,214 N/A N/A N/A 4. Arts District Joint Venture - AVA Arts District - Los Angeles, CA (4) 25.0 475 287,965 152,240 Variable 7.43 Aug 2025 Total Other Joint Ventures 1,421 549,224 273,784 5.58 Total Unconsolidated Real Estate Investments (5) 2,722 1,326,255 668,518 4.58 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) We have not guaranteed the debt of these unconsolidated investees and bear no responsibility for the repayment other than for the Arts District joint venture as discussed below in note 4. 
 (2) Borrowing on this community is comprised of two mortgage loans. The interest rate is the weighted average interest rate as of September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Borrowing on this dual-branded community is comprised of a single mortgage loan. This dual-branded community is subject to a leasehold interest which is not included in the total capitalized cost. 
 (4) Development of this community was completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we have contributed substantially all of our equity commitment. Remaining development costs related to commitment close-outs and construction true-ups are expected to be funded primarily by the venture's variable rate construction loan. While we guarantee 30 of the maximum borrowing capacity of the construction loan on behalf of the venture, any amounts payable under the guarantee are obligations of the venture partners in proportion to ownership interest, and in the event we are obligated to perform under the construction loan guarantee, the joint venture partner is obligated to reimburse us for 75 of amounts paid. The venture anticipates replacing the construction loan with long-term financing prior to the final maturity of the construction loan. 
 (5) In addition to leasehold assets, there were net other assets of 38,638 as of September 30, 2024 associated with our unconsolidated real estate investments which are primarily cash and cash equivalents. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 Development Communities 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we owned or held a direct interest in 19 Development Communities under construction. We expect these Development Communities, when completed, to add a total of 6,855 apartment homes and 56,000 square feet of commercial space to our portfolio for a total capitalized cost, including land acquisition costs, of approximately 2,683,000,000. We cannot assure you that we will meet our schedule for construction completion or that we will meet our budgeted costs, either individually, or in the aggregate. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of the Development Communities. 
 Number of apartment homes Projected total capitalized cost (1) millions) Construction start Initial projected or actual occupancy Estimated completion Estimated stabilized operations (2) 1. Avalon Westminster Promenade Westminster, CO 312 114 Q3 2021 Q2 2024 Q4 2024 Q3 2025 2. Avalon West Dublin Dublin, CA 499 267 Q3 2021 Q4 2023 Q4 2024 Q1 2025 3. Avalon Governor's Park Denver, CO 304 138 Q1 2022 Q3 2024 Q4 2024 Q3 2025 4. Avalon West Windsor (3) West Windsor, NJ 535 211 Q2 2022 Q3 2025 Q3 2026 Q1 2027 5. Avalon Durham Durham, NC 336 120 Q2 2022 Q2 2024 Q4 2024 Q3 2025 6. Avalon Annapolis Annapolis, MD 508 199 Q3 2022 Q3 2024 Q3 2025 Q2 2026 7. Avalon Lake Norman (4) Mooresville, NC 345 101 Q1 2023 Q2 2025 Q1 2026 Q3 2026 8. Avalon Hunt Valley West Hunt Valley, MD 322 109 Q2 2023 Q1 2025 Q1 2026 Q3 2026 9. Avalon South Miami (3) South Miami, FL 290 186 Q3 2023 Q3 2025 Q1 2026 Q3 2026 10. Avalon Princeton on Harrison Princeton, NJ 200 82 Q3 2023 Q1 2025 Q2 2025 Q4 2025 11. Avalon Wayne Wayne, NJ 473 174 Q4 2023 Q2 2025 Q3 2026 Q1 2027 12. Avalon Parsippany Parsippany, NJ 410 148 Q4 2023 Q4 2025 Q4 2026 Q2 2027 13. Avalon Pleasanton I Pleasanton, CA 82 58 Q2 2024 Q3 2025 Q3 2025 Q1 2026 14. Avalon Roseland II Roseland, NJ 533 202 Q2 2024 Q4 2025 Q2 2027 Q4 2027 15. Avalon Quincy Adams Quincy, MA 288 124 Q2 2024 Q1 2026 Q3 2026 Q2 2027 16. Avalon Tech Ridge I Austin, TX 444 120 Q3 2024 Q1 2026 Q1 2027 Q3 2027 17. Avalon Carmel (4) Charlotte, NC 360 123 Q3 2024 Q2 2026 Q3 2026 Q3 2027 18. Avalon Plano (4) Plano, TX 155 58 Q3 2024 Q2 2026 Q2 2027 Q4 2027 19. Avalon Oakridge I Durham, NC 459 149 Q3 2024 Q4 2026 Q4 2027 Q2 2028 Total 6,855 2,683 
 _________________________________ 
 (1) Projected total capitalized cost includes all capitalized costs projected to be or actually incurred to develop the respective Development Community, determined in accordance with GAAP, including land acquisition costs, construction costs, real estate taxes, capitalized interest and loan fees, permits, professional fees, allocated development overhead and other regulatory fees, as well as costs incurred for first generation commercial tenants such as tenant improvements and leasing commissions. 
 (2) Stabilized operations is defined as the earlier of (i) attainment of 90 or greater physical occupancy or (ii) the one-year anniversary of completion of development. 
 (3) Development Communities containing at least 10,000 square feet of commercial space include Avalon West Windsor (19,000 square feet) and Avalon South Miami (32,000 square feet). 
 (4) Communities being developed through our Developer Funding Program ("DFP"). The DFP utilizes third-party multifamily developers to source and construct communities which we own and operate. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we completed the development of the following wholly-owned communities: 
 Number of apartment homes Total capitalized cost (1) millions) Approximate rentable area (sq. ft.) Total capitalized cost per sq. ft. 1. Avalon Bothell Commons I Bothell, WA 467 236 491,661 480 2. Kanso Milford Milford, MA 162 63 179,056 352 Total 629 299 
 ____________________________________ 
 (1) Total capitalized cost is as of September 30, 2024. We generally anticipate incurring additional costs associated with these communities that are customary for new developments. 
 
 Development Rights 
 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 154,906,000 in acquisition and related capitalized costs for direct interests in 8 land parcels we own. In addition, we had 61,052,000 in capitalized costs (including legal fees, design fees and related overhead costs) consisting of 49,620,000 included as deferred development rights and the balance included in our unconsolidated investments, with these amounts related to (i) 15 Development Rights for which we control the land parcel, typically through a conditional agreement or option to purchase or lease the land, as well as (ii) costs incurred for five Development Rights that we expect to construct as additional phases of our existing stabilized operating communities on land we own. Collectively, the land held for development and associated costs for deferred development rights relate to 28 Development Rights for which we expect to develop new apartment communities in the future. The Development Rights range from those beginning design and architectural planning to those that have completed site plans and drawings and can begin construction almost immediately. We estimate that the successful completion of all of these communities would ultimately add approximately 9,091 apartment homes to our portfolio. Substantially all of these apartment homes will offer features like those offered by the communities we currently own. 
 
 The Development Rights are in different stages of the due diligence and regulatory approval process. The decisions as to which of the Development Rights to invest in, if any, or to continue to pursue once an investment in a Development Right is made, are business judgments that we make after we perform financial, demographic and other analyses. In the event that we do not proceed with a Development Right, we generally would not recover any of the capitalized costs incurred in the pursuit of those communities, unless we were to recover amounts in connection with the sale of land; however, we cannot guarantee a recovery. Pre-development costs incurred in the pursuit of Development Rights for which future development is not yet considered probable are expensed as incurred. In addition, if the status of a Development Right changes, making future development no longer probable, any unrecoverable capitalized pre-development costs are charged to expense. We incurred a charge of 1,573,000 and 18,959,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 7,235,000 and 23,212,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for expensed transaction, development and other pursuit costs, net of recoveries, which include development pursuits that were not yet probable of future development at the time incurred, or for pursuits that we determined were no longer probable of being developed. The amounts for 2023 include write-offs of 17,111,000 related to three Development Rights in Northern and Southern California and the Mid-Atlantic that the Company determined are no longer probable. 

Structured Investment Program 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, we had seven commitments to fund up to 191,585,000 in the aggregate under the SIP. As of October 31, 2024, our investment commitments had a weighted average rate of return of 11.5 and a weighted average initial maturity date of December 2026. As of October 31, 2024, we had funded 170,265,000 of these commitments. See Note 5, "Investments," of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 You should carefully review Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of the Form 10-K, as well as the discussion under Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in this report, for a discussion of the risks associated with our investment activity. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Form 10-Q contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify forward-looking statements by our use of the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "assume," "project," "plan," "may," "shall," "will," "pursue" and other similar expressions, that predict or indicate future events and trends and that do not report historical matters. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding our intent, belief or expectations with respect to: 
 
 our potential development, redevelopment, acquisition or disposition of communities; 
 the timing and cost of completion of communities under construction, reconstruction, development or redevelopment; 
 the timing of lease-up, occupancy and stabilization of communities; 
 the pursuit of land for future development; 
 the anticipated operating performance of our communities; 
 cost, yield, revenue, NOI and earnings estimates; 
 the impact of landlord-tenant laws and rent regulations; 
 our expansion into new regions; 
 our declaration or payment of dividends; 
 our joint venture activities; 
 our policies regarding investments, indebtedness, acquisitions, dispositions, financings and other matters; 
 our qualification as a REIT under the Code; 
 the real estate markets in regions where we operate and in general; 
 the availability of debt and equity financing; 
 interest rates, inflation and other general economic conditions and their potential impacts; 
 trends affecting our financial condition or results of operations; 
 regulatory changes that may affect us; and 
 the impact of legal proceedings. 
 
 We cannot assure the future results or outcome of the matters described in these statements; rather, these statements merely reflect our current expectations of the approximate outcomes of the matters discussed. We do not undertake a duty to update these forward-looking statements, and therefore they may not represent our estimates and assumptions after the date of this report. You should not rely on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. These risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should carefully review the discussion under Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of the Form 10-K and Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in this report, for further discussion of risks associated with forward-looking statements. 
 
 Some of the factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 we may fail to secure development opportunities due to an inability to reach agreements with third parties to obtain land at attractive prices or to obtain desired zoning and other local approvals; 
 we may abandon or defer development opportunities for a number of reasons, including changes in local market conditions which make development less desirable, increases in costs of development, increases in the cost of capital or lack of capital availability, resulting in losses; 
 construction costs of a community may exceed our original estimates; 
 we may not complete construction and lease-up of communities under development or redevelopment on schedule, resulting in increased interest costs and construction costs and a decrease in our expected rental revenues; 
 occupancy rates and market rents may be adversely affected by competition and local economic and market conditions which are beyond our control; 
 our cash flows from operations and access to cost effective capital may be insufficient for the development of our pipeline, which could limit our pursuit of opportunities; 
 an outbreak of disease or other public health event may affect the multifamily industry and general economy; 
 our cash flows may be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest, and we may be unable to refinance existing indebtedness or the terms of such refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of existing indebtedness; 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 we may be unsuccessful in our management of joint ventures and the REIT vehicles that are used with certain joint ventures; 
 new or existing laws and regulations implementing rent control or rent stabilization, or otherwise limiting our ability to increase rents, charge fees or evict tenants, may impact our revenue or increase our costs; 
 our expectations, estimates and assumptions as of the date of this filing regarding legal proceedings are subject to change; 
 the possibility that we may choose to pay dividends in our stock instead of cash, which may result in stockholders having to pay taxes with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash received, if any; and 
 investments made under the SIP may not be repaid as expected or the development may not be completed on schedule, which could require us to engage in litigation, foreclosure actions, and/or first party project completion to recover our investment, which may not be recovered in full or at all in such event. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, or different assumptions were made, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, resulting in different financial results or a different presentation of our financial statements. Our critical accounting policies consist of the following: (i) cost capitalization and (ii) abandoned pursuit costs and asset impairment. Our critical accounting policies and estimates have not changed materially from the discussion of our significant accounting policies found in Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the Form 10-K. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 There have been no material changes to our exposures to market risk as disclosed in Part II, Item 7A. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 
 
 The Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. 
 
 We continue to review and document our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business. 
 
 (b) Changes in internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2024, as part of our implementation of a new enterprise resource planning ERP system, we completed the migration of a new human resource and payroll solution to the new ERP system. During the third quarter of 2024, we completed the migration of a new financial accounting and procurement solution to the new ERP system. The implementation of the new ERP system resulted in changes to our processes and procedures. Although we expect that these changes will strengthen our internal controls over financial reporting by automating manual processes and standardizing business processes to meet our organization s needs, there are inherent risks in implementing any ERP system, and we will continue to evaluate and test control changes. This migration was not made in response to any deficiencies in our internal controls. 
 
 There were no other changes to the internal control over financial reporting of the Company identified in connection with the Company s evaluation referred to above that occurred during the third quarter of 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 As disclosed in Note 7, "Commitments and Contingencies" and Note 12, "Subsequent Events" of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report, we are engaged in certain legal proceedings, and the disclosure set forth in Note 7, "Commitments and Contingencies" and Note 12, "Subsequent Events" relating to legal and other contingencies is incorporated herein by reference. In addition, the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Maryland has made the Company aware that it is likely to file a suit similar to the D.C. Antitrust Litigation in which a number of owners and/or operators of multifamily properties in the State of Maryland, including potentially the Company, will be named. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors." The risks described in the Form 10-K are not the only risks that could affect the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results in the future. There have been no material changes to our risk factors since December 31, 2023. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 (a) None. 
 
 (b) Not applicable. 
 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) (2) July 1 - July 31, 2024 70 204.32 314,237 August 1 - August 31, 2024 457 210.29 314,237 September 1 - September 30, 2024 321 227.09 314,237 Total 848 216.15 
 ___________________________________ 
 
 (1) Consists of (i) shares surrendered to the Company in connection with exercise of stock options as payment of exercise price, as well as for taxes associated with the vesting of restricted share grants and the conversion of performance awards to shares of common stock and (ii) activity under the Stock Repurchase Program, if any, as indicated under Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs. 
 (2) The Board of Directors approved the Stock Repurchase Program in July 2020, under which the Company may acquire shares of its common stock in open market or negotiated transactions up to an aggregate purchase price of 500,000,000. Purchases of common stock under the Stock Repurchase Program may be exercised from time to time in the Company s discretion and in such amounts as market conditions warrant. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, market conditions and other corporate liquidity requirements and priorities. The Stock Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended or terminated at any time without prior notice. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company's directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) , or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description 3(i).1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated as of June 4, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).1 to Form 10-K of the Company filed March 1, 2007.) 
 3(i).2 Articles of Amendment, dated as of October 2, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).2 to Form 10-K of the Company filed March 1, 2007.) 
 3(i).3 Articles of Amendment, dated as of May 22, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).3 to Form 8-K of the Company filed May 22, 2013.) 
 3(i).4 Articles of Amendment, dated as of May 14, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).4 to Form 8-K of the Company filed May 15, 2020.) 
 3(i).5 Composite restatement of Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated as of June 4, 1998, as amended by the Articles of Amendment, dated as of October 2, 1998, the Articles of Amendment, dated as of May 22, 2013, and the Articles of Amendment, dated as of May 14, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i).5 to Form 10-Q of the Company filed November 3, 2023.) 
 3(ii).1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as adopted by the Board of Directors on October 30, 2023. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K of the Company filed October 30, 2023.) 
 31.1 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer). (Filed herewith.) 
 31.2 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer). (Filed herewith.) 
 32 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer). (Furnished herewith.) 
 101 Financial materials from AvalonBay Communities, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) including: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. (Filed herewith.) 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). (Filed herewith.) 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES, INC. Date: November 12, 2024 /s/ Benjamin W. Schall Benjamin W. Schall Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 /s/ Kevin P. O'Shea Kevin P. O'Shea Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 49 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q3202410-qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Benjamin W. Schall, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s BENJAMIN W. SCHALL Benjamin W. Schall Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q3202410-qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Kevin P. O'Shea, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s KEVIN P. O'SHEA Kevin P. O'Shea Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 q3202410-qex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 The undersigned officers of AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (the Company hereby certify that the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q to which this certification is attached (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 12, 2024 
 s BENJAMIN W. SCHALL Benjamin W. Schall Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) s KEVIN P. O'SHEA Kevin P. O'Shea Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 This certification is being furnished and not filed, and shall not be incorporated into any document for any purpose, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 1 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 avb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 avb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 avb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 avb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 avb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

