<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241025_10-Q_edgar_data_1039065_0001410578-24-001699.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8934443</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81554</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1385212</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2819343</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1840269</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2560603</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-24-001699.hdr.sgml : 20241025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241025170011
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-24-001699
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OSI SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001039065
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				330238801
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23125
		FILM NUMBER:		241397719

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12525 CHADRON AVE
		CITY:			HAWTHORNE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90250
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3109780516

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12525 CHADRON AVENUE
		CITY:			HAWTHORNE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90250

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-24-001699.txt : 20241025

10-Q
 1
 osis-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Global Select Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of October 21, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 OSI SYSTEMS, INC. INDEX PAGE PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 3 Item 1 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 3 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the t hree months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 7 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 8 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 28 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 29 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 30 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 30 Item 1A Risk Factors 30 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 30 Item 3 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 30 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 30 Item 5 Other Information 30 Item 6 Exhibits 31 Signatures 32 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OSI SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) (amounts in thousands, except share amounts and par value) 

June 30, September 30, 2024 2024 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Bank lines of credit Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued payroll and related expenses Advances from customers Other accrued expenses and current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Preferred stock, par value shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding Common stock, par value shares authorized; issued and outstanding, shares at June 30, 2024 and shares at September 30, 2024 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 OSI SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) (amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 Net revenues: Products Services Total net revenues Cost of goods sold: Products Services Total cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Research and development Restructuring and other charges, net Total operating expenses Income from operations Interest and other expense, net ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Shares used in per share calculation: Basic Diluted See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 OSI SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED (amounts in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) Net unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives, net of tax ) Other, net of tax Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive income See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 OSI SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (UNAUDITED) (amounts in thousands, except share data) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Accumulated Common Stock Other Number of Retained Comprehensive Shares Amount Earnings Loss Total Balance June 30, 2023 ) Exercise of stock options Vesting of RSUs Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Accumulated Common Stock Other Number of Retained Comprehensive Shares Amount Earnings Loss Total Balance June 30, 2024 ) Exercise of stock options Vesting of RSUs Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance September 30, 2024 ) 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 OSI SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) (amounts in thousands) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, net of effects from acquisitions: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Recovery of losses on accounts receivable ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities net of business acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued payroll and related expenses ) ) Advances from customers Deferred revenue ) Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Purchases of certificates of deposit ) Proceeds from maturities of certificates of deposit Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) Payments for intangible and other assets ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net borrowings (repayments) on bank lines of credit ) Proceeds from long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan Payment of contingent consideration ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid, net during the period for: Interest Income taxes See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 OSI SYSTEMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) convertible senior notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes discussed in Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements will have a net impact on diluted earnings per share when the average price of our common stock exceeds the conversion price of because the principal amount of the 2029 Notes will be settled in cash upon conversion. There was no dilutive effect of the 2029 Notes for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Weighted average shares outstanding basic Dilutive effect of equity awards Weighted average shares outstanding diluted Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Shares excluded from diluted earnings per share due to their anti-dilutive effect 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 million at September 30, 2024. Of this amount, approximately was held by our foreign subsidiaries and subject to repatriation tax considerations. These foreign funds were held primarily by our subsidiaries in India, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Canada and Malaysia and to a lesser extent in Mexico, Egypt, Indonesia Albania and Australia, among other countries. We have cash holdings in financial institutions that exceed insured limits for such financial institutions; however, we mitigate this risk by utilizing international financial institutions which we believe to be of high credit quality. Assets Interest rate swap contract Liabilities Convertible debt Liabilities Contingent consideration million and million, respectively. Unrealized gains and losses from our foreign currency forward contracts as of June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 were not significant. 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 million. The fair value of the interest rate swap contract as of as of June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024 is recorded in Other assets within the consolidated balance sheet. The effect of the cash flow hedges on other comprehensive income (loss) and earnings for the periods presented was as follows: ) Gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense, net 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 of the shares of common stock of a privately held provider of critical military, space and surveillance solutions for approximately million, plus up to million in potential contingent consideration. We paid million in cash at the closing of the transaction and recorded a holdback liability of million which is expected to be paid before the end of the current fiscal year. The cash paid for this acquisition was financed with borrowings from our credit facility. The acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration was million, therefore, when combined with the amount of cash paid at close and the holdback amount, total purchase consideration was million which has been allocated to the preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The preliminary acquisition date fair value of total assets acquired was million which comprised accounts receivable of million, inventory and other current assets of million, property and equipment of million, goodwill of million and other intangible assets of million. The goodwill recognized for this business acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes. Other intangible assets include amortizable intangible assets of million with amortization periods of to and an indefinite-lived intangible asset of million. The preliminary acquisition date fair value of total liabilities assumed was million, which includes a deferred tax liability of million that was recognized primarily due to the acquisition of other intangible assets. The preliminary valuation of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and contingent consideration in the acquisition is subject to revision. If additional information becomes available, we may further revise the preliminary purchase price allocation as soon as practical, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. Revenue from this acquired business was million from the acquisition date through September 30, 2024. Fiscal Year 2024 Business Acquisition In December 2023, we (through our Optoelectronics and Manufacturing division) acquired a privately held contract manufacturer for approximately million. The acquisition was financed with cash on hand. The goodwill recognized for this business acquisition is deductible for income tax purposes. In October 2023, we (through our Security division) acquired a privately held provider of radiation detection technology for approximately million, plus up to million in potential contingent consideration. The acquisition was financed with cash on hand. The goodwill recognized for this business acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Less allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total 

June 30, September 30, Inventories 2024 2024 Raw materials Work-in-process Finished goods Total 

June 30, September 30, Property and equipment, net 2024 2024 Land Buildings, civil works and improvements Leasehold improvements Equipment and tooling Furniture and fixtures Computer equipment Computer software Computer software implementation in process Construction in process Total Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was million and million , respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024. Goodwill acquired during the period (see Note 2) Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance as of September 30, 2024 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Patents ) ) Developed technology ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Total amortizable assets ) ) Non-amortizable assets: Trademarks Total intangible assets ) ) During the three months ended September 30, 2024 intangible assets of million were included in the business acquisition described in Note 2. Amortization expense related to intangible assets was and million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Software development costs for software products incurred before establishing technological feasibility are charged to operations. Software development costs incurred after establishing technological feasibility are capitalized on a product-by-product basis until the product is available for general release to customers at which time amortization begins. Annual amortization, charged to cost of goods sold, is the amount computed using the ratio that current revenues for a product bear to the total current and anticipated future revenues for that product. In the event that future revenues are not estimable, such costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining estimated economic life of the product. Amortizable assets that have not yet begun to be amortized are included in Thereafter in the table above. For the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, we capitalized software development costs in the amounts of million and million, respectively. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Contract Liabilities (in thousands) 

June 30, September 30, 2024 2024 Change Change Advances from customers Deferred revenue current Deferred revenue long-term Contract Assets. Contract assets increased by approximately million due to million from the business acquisition described in Note 2, partially offset by decreases in unbilled revenue primarily from the achievement of certain milestones in our Security division which gives us the right to invoice customers. Remaining Performance Obligations . Remaining performance obligations related to ASC 606 represent the portion of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations under an original contract with a term greater than one year which are fully or partially unsatisfied at the end of the period. As of September 30, 2024, the portion of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was approximately million. We expect to recognize revenue on approximately of the remaining performance obligations over the next , and the remainder is expected to be recognized thereafter. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized revenue of million from contract liabilities existing at the beginning of the period. Practical Expedients. In cases where we are responsible for shipping after the customer has obtained control of the goods, we have elected to treat the shipping activities as fulfillment activities rather than as separate performance obligations. Additionally, we have elected to capitalize the cost to obtain a contract only if the period of would be longer than one year. We only give consideration to whether a customer agreement has a if the period of time between transfer of goods and services and customer payment is greater than one year. Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion Other accrued expenses and current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, long-term Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years Weighted average discount rate ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations 1 2 years 2 3 years 3 4 years 4 5 years Thereafter Less: imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities million in restructuring and other charges, which included million for employee terminations, million for facility closure costs for operational efficiency activities, and million in acquisition related costs. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized million in restructuring and other charges, which included million in legal charges, million for employee terminations, million for facility closure costs for operational efficiency activities, and million in acquisition related costs. 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 Employee termination costs Facility closures/consolidation Legal costs, net Total 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Optoelectronics and Manufacturing Healthcare Security Division Division Division Corporate Total Acquisition-related costs Employee termination costs Facility closures/consolidation Total Restructuring and other charges, net Payments, adjustments and reimbursements, net ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 million revolving credit facility which mature in December 2026. The revolving credit facility includes a million sub-limit for letters of credit. Under certain circumstances and subject to certain conditions, we have the ability to increase the revolving credit facility by an amount equal to the greater of million or such amount as would not cause our secured leverage ratio to exceed a specified level. Borrowings under the facility bore interest at SOFR plus a margin of as of September 30, 2024 (which margin can range from to based on our consolidated net leverage ratio as defined in the credit facility). Letters of credit reduce the amount available to borrow under the credit facility by their face value amount. The unused portion of the facility bore a commitment fee of as of September 30, 2024 (which fee can range from to based on our consolidated net leverage ratio as defined in the credit facility). Our borrowings under the credit agreement are guaranteed by certain of our U.S.-based subsidiaries and are secured by substantially all of our assets and substantially all the assets of certain of our subsidiaries. The credit facility contains various representations and warranties, affirmative, negative and financial covenants and events of default. As of September 30, 2024, there were million of borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility, million outstanding under the letters of credit sub-facility, and million outstanding under the term loan. As of September 30, 2024, the amount available to borrow under the revolving credit facility was million. Loan amounts under the revolving credit facility may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed during the term. The principal amount of each loan is due and payable in full on the maturity date. We have the right to repay each loan in whole or in part from time to time without penalty. It is our practice to routinely borrow and repay several times per year under the revolving facility and therefore, borrowings under the revolving credit facility are included in current liabilities. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under this credit facility. In September 2022, we entered into an interest rate swap in order to mitigate the interest rate risk on a portion of the interest payments expected to be made on the borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility and term loan. Refer to Note 1 for details. 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 million principal amount of convertible senior notes due in August 2029 in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, at an issuance price equal to of the principal amount. The 2029 Notes were issued pursuant to and are governed by an indenture dated July 19, 2024 The proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 Notes were million, net of the issuance discount and debt issuance costs. The 2029 Notes are unsecured obligations which bear regular interest at per annum payable semiannually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning on February 1, 2025. The 2029 Notes will mature on August 1, 2029, unless repurchased, redeemed, or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. The 2029 Notes are convertible into a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at an initial conversion rate of shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2029 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock. The default settlement method is a combination settlement with a specified dollar amount of per 1,000 principal amount of notes. The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments for certain dilutive events. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2029 Notes, at our option, on or after August 6, 2027 if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to the day before the redemption date. The holders may require us to repurchase the 2029 Notes upon the occurrence of certain fundamental change transactions at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to the day before the redemption date. Holders of the 2029 Notes may convert all or a portion of their 2029 Notes at their option prior to May 1, 2029, in multiples of principal amounts, only under the following circumstances (i) during any calendar quarter commencing after the quarter ended on September 30, 2024 (and only during such calendar quarter), if our common stock price exceeds of the conversion price for at least 20 trading days during the consecutive trading days at the end of the prior calendar quarter; (ii) during the five consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of our common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (iii) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events or certain distributions on our common stock; or (iv) if we call any or all 2029 Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date, but only with respect to the notes called for redemption. On or after May 1, 2029, the 2029 Notes are convertible at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. Holders of the 2029 Notes who convert the 2029 Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change, as defined in the indenture governing the 2029 Notes, or in connection with a redemption may be entitled to an increase in the conversion rate. We accounted for the issuance of the 2029 Notes as a single liability measured at its amortized cost, as no other embedded features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. The following table is a summary of the 2029 Notes as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands): Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) Net carrying amount Fair value (Level 2) The 2029 Notes were not eligible for conversion as of September 30, 2024. No sinking fund is provided for the 2029 Notes, which means that we are not required to redeem or retire them periodically. As of September 30, 2024 we were in compliance with applicable covenants under the indenture governing the 2029 Notes. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, total interest expense for the 2029 Notes was million, which consisted of million of contractual interest expense and million of amortization of debt discount and issuance costs. The unamortized debt issuance cost is amortized on the effective interest method over the life of the 2029 Notes. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 million was outstanding under these letter-of-credit facilities. As of September 30, 2024, the total amount available under these credit facilities was million. 2029 Notes, net Other long-term debt Less current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term portion of debt 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total Selling, general and administrative Research and development Stock-based compensation expense As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation grants under the OSI Plan were estimated at million for stock options and million for restricted stock units RSUs ). We expect to recognize these costs over a weighted average period of years with respect to the stock options and years with respect to the RSUs. 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Exercised ) Expired or forfeited Outstanding at September 30, 2024 years Exercisable at September 30, 2024 years The following summarizes RSU award activity during the three months ended September 30, 2024: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2024, there were approximately million shares available for grant under the OSI Plan. Under the terms of the OSI Plan, RSUs granted from the pool of shares available for grant reduce the pool by shares for each award granted. RSUs forfeited and returned to the pool of shares available for grant increase the pool by shares for each award forfeited. We granted and performance-based RSUs during the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. These performance-based RSU awards are contingent on the achievement of certain performance metrics. The payout related to these awards can range from to of the original number of shares or units awarded. Compensation cost associated with these performance based RSUs are recognized based on the estimated number of shares that we ultimately expect will vest. If the estimated number of shares to vest is revised in the future, then stock-based compensation expense will be adjusted accordingly. Stock Repurchase Program In September 2022, our Board of Directors increased the stock repurchase authorization to a total of million shares. This program does not expire unless our Board of Directors acts to terminate the program. The timing and actual numbers of shares purchased depends on a variety of factors, including stock price, general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities. Repurchases may be made from time to time under the program through open-market purchases or privately-negotiated transactions at our discretion. Upon repurchase, the shares are restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares, and we record them in our consolidated financial statements as a reduction in the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding, with the excess purchase price over par value recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. If additional paid-in capital is reduced to zero, we record the remainder of the excess purchase price over par value as a reduction of retained earnings. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares remaining available for repurchase under the authorized repurchase program. Dividends We have not paid any dividends since the consummation of our initial public offering in 1997 and we do not currently intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Board of Directors will determine the payment of future dividends, if any. Certain of our current bank credit facilities restrict the payment of dividends and future borrowings may contain similar restrictions. 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 million as of September 30, 2024. Projections and estimated probabilities are used to estimate future contingent earnout payments, which are discounted back to present value to compute contingent earnout liabilities. The following table provides a roll-forward from June 30, 2024 to September 30, 2024 of the contingent consideration liability, which is included in Other accrued expenses and current liabilities and other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets (in thousands): Business acquisition (Note 2) Foreign currency translation adjustment Changes in fair value for contingent earnout obligations ) Payments on contingent earnout obligations ) Ending fair value, September 30, 2024 Environmental Contingencies We are subject to various environmental laws. We conduct environmental investigations at our manufacturing facilities in North America, Asia-Pacific, and Europe, and, to the extent practicable, on all new properties in order to identify, as of the date of such investigation, potential areas of environmental concern related to past and present activities or from nearby operations. In certain cases, we have conducted further environmental assessments consisting of soil and groundwater testing and other investigations deemed appropriate by independent environmental consultants. We have not accrued for loss contingencies relating to environmental matters because we believe that, although unfavorable outcomes are possible, they are not considered by our management to be probable and reasonably estimable. If one or more of these environmental matters are resolved in a manner adverse to us, the impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be material. Indemnifications and Certain Employment-Related Contingencies In the normal course of business, we have agreed to indemnify certain parties with respect to certain matters. We have agreed to hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations, warranties or covenants, or intellectual property infringement or other claims made by third parties. These agreements may limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain of our officers. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to, among other factors, the limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. We have not recorded any liability for costs related to contingent indemnification obligations as of September 30, 2024. Product Warranties We offer our customers warranties on many of the products that we sell. These warranties typically provide for repairs and maintenance of the products if problems arise during a specified time period after original shipment. Concurrent with the sale of products, we record a provision for estimated warranty expenses with a corresponding increase in cost of goods sold. We periodically adjust this provision based on historical experience and anticipated expenses. We charge actual expenses of repairs under warranty, including parts and labor, to this provision when incurred. The current obligation for warranty provision is included in other accrued expenses and current liabilities and the noncurrent portion is included in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 Additions Reductions for warranty repair costs and adjustments ) ) Balance at end of period Legal Proceedings In February 2023, one of our subsidiaries received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice DoJ ). The subpoena was issued as part of a DoJ case against a former employee of an OSI Systems subsidiary for embezzlement and other conduct occurring before he was hired by our subsidiary and while he was employed by another company in the United States and Mexico. The subpoena requests documents and records relating to, among other things, the former employee and the Company s business dealings in Mexico since 2020. In February 2024, we received a follow-up subpoena requesting the same categories of documents but extending the relevant time period through to the date of the second subpoena. We have produced documents in response to these subpoenas and intend to cooperate with any further subpoenas or other requests in connection with this or any ensuing investigation. In September 2024, we received a subpoena requesting records relating to certain entities in Honduras. Consistent with past practice, we intend to cooperate with requests arising from this most recent subpoena. We are involved in various other potential or actual claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In our opinion after consultation with legal counsel, the ultimate disposition of such proceedings is not likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We have not accrued for loss contingencies relating to any non-ordinary course matters because we believe that, although unfavorable outcomes in the proceedings are possible, they are not considered by management to be probable and reasonably estimable. If one or more of these matters are resolved in a manner adverse to our Company, the impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be material. and , respectively. During the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, we recognized a net discrete tax benefit of million and million, respectively, related to equity-based compensation under ASU 2016-09. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 identifiable industry segments: (a) security and inspection systems (Security division), (b) optoelectronic devices and manufacturing (Optoelectronics and Manufacturing division) and (c) medical monitoring systems (Healthcare division). We also have a corporate segment (Corporate) that includes executive compensation and certain other general and administrative expenses, expenses related to stock issuances and legal, audit and other professional service fees not allocated to industry segments. Both the Security and Healthcare divisions comprise primarily end-product businesses, whereas the Optoelectronics and Manufacturing division primarily supplies components and subsystems to external OEM customers, as well as to the Security and Healthcare divisions. Sales between divisions are at transfer prices that approximate market values. All other accounting policies of the segments are the same as described in Note 1, Basis of Presentation. Optoelectronics and Manufacturing division, including intersegment revenues Healthcare division Intersegment revenues elimination ) ) Total Income (loss) from operations by Segment: Security division Optoelectronics and Manufacturing division Healthcare division Corporate ) ) Intersegment Eliminations ) Total 

June 30, September 30, 2024 2024 Assets (2) by Segment: Security division Optoelectronics and Manufacturing division Healthcare division Corporate Eliminations (3) ) ) Total 

 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2023, no customer accounted for greater than of total net revenues. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, Security division customer accounted for of net revenues.
 (2) As of June 30, 2024, customers in the Security division accounted for and , respectively, of accounts receivable, net. As of September 30, 2024, two customers in the Security division accounted for and , respectively, of accounts receivable, net.
 (3) Eliminations in assets reflect the amount of inter-segment profits in inventory and inter-segment ROU assets under ASC 842 as of the balance sheet date. Such inter-segment profit will be realized when inventory is shipped to the external customers of the Security and Healthcare divisions.

22 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS In this report, OSI , the Company , we , us , our and similar terms refer to OSI Systems, Inc. together with our wholly-owned subsidiaries. This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition as of September 30, 2024 and results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 should be read in conjunction with management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 filed with the SEC. Forward-Looking Statements This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements relate to our current expectations, beliefs, and projections concerning matters that are not historical facts. Words such as project, believe, anticipate, plan, expect, intend, may, should, will, would, and similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve uncertainties, risks, assumptions and contingencies, many of which are outside our control. Assumptions upon which our forward-looking statements are based could prove to be inaccurate, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations are disclosed in this report, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 (including Part I, Item 1, Business, Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other documents filed by us from time to time with the SEC. Such factors, of course, do not include all factors that might affect our business and financial condition. We could be exposed to a variety of negative consequences as a result of delays related to the award of domestic and international contracts; failure to secure the renewal of key customer contracts; delays in customer programs; delays in revenue recognition related to the timing of customer acceptance; the impact of potential information technology, cybersecurity or data security breaches; changes in domestic and foreign government spending, budgetary, procurement and trade policies adverse to our businesses; the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict or conflicts in the Middle East, including the potential for broad economic disruption; global economic uncertainty; material delays and cancellations of orders or deliveries thereon, supply chain disruptions, plant closures, or other adverse impacts on our ability to execute business plans; unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations; effect of changes in tax legislation; market acceptance of our new and existing technologies, products and services; our ability to win new business and convert any orders received to sales within the fiscal year; contract and regulatory compliance matters, and actions, which if brought, could result in judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, debarment or penalties; as well as other risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those factors described in our other SEC filings. All forward-looking statements contained in this report are qualified in their entirety by this Section. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. We undertake no obligation other than as may be required under securities laws to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Executive Summary We are a vertically integrated designer and manufacturer of specialized electronic systems and components for critical applications. We sell our products and provide related services in diversified markets, including homeland security, healthcare, defense and aerospace. We have three operating divisions: (a) Security, providing security and inspection systems and turnkey security screening solutions; (b) Optoelectronics and Manufacturing, providing specialized electronic components for our Security and Healthcare divisions, as well as to third parties for applications in the defense and aerospace markets, among others; and (c) Healthcare, providing patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care systems and associated accessories. Security Division . Security and inspection products are used in airports and at a wide range of other facilities such as border crossings, seaports, freight forwarding operations (to screen cargo before it is loaded onto airplanes and ships), government and military installations, sports and concert venues, correctional facilities, and other locations where the interdiction of criminal activities is paramount. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has undertaken numerous initiatives to prevent terrorists from entering the 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 country, hijacking airplanes, and obtaining and transporting explosives, weapons and their components, and to prevent human trafficking, among other serious crimes. These initiatives, such as the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration s Air Cargo Screening Mandate and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Container Security Initiative, have resulted in increased demand for security and inspection products, as have similar programs undertaken by governments around the world. Revenues from our Security division accounted for 59 and 65 of our total consolidated revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. Optoelectronics and Manufacturing Division . Through our Optoelectronics and Manufacturing division, we design, manufacture and market optoelectronic devices and flex circuits and provide electronics manufacturing services globally for use in a broad range of applications, including aerospace and defense electronics, security and inspection systems, medical imaging and diagnostics, telecommunications, office automation, computer peripherals, industrial automation and consumer products. We also provide our optoelectronic devices and electronics manufacturing services to OEM customers and to our own Security and Healthcare divisions. Revenues from external customers in our Optoelectronics and Manufacturing division accounted for 28 and 24 of our total consolidated revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. Healthcare Division . Through our Healthcare division, we design, manufacture, market and service patient monitoring, cardiology and remote monitoring, and connected care systems globally for sale primarily to hospitals and medical centers. Our products monitor patients in critical, emergency and perioperative care areas of the hospital and provide information, through wired and wireless networks, to physicians and nurses who may be at the patient s bedside, in another area of the hospital or even outside the hospital. Revenues from our Healthcare division accounted for 13 and 11 of our total consolidated revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. Trends and Uncertainties The following is a discussion of certain trends and uncertainties that we believe have influenced, and may continue to influence, our results of operations. Global Economic Considerations. Our products and services are sold in numerous countries worldwide, with a large percentage of our sales generated outside the United States. We are exposed to and impacted by global macroeconomic factors, U.S. and foreign government policies and foreign exchange fluctuations. There is uncertainty surrounding macroeconomic factors in the U.S. and globally characterized by supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressure, and labor shortages. Increasing diplomatic and trade friction between the U.S. and China has also created significant uncertainty in the global economy. These global macroeconomic factors, coupled with political unrest internationally and the volatile U.S. political climate, including uncertainty regarding the upcoming U.S. presidential election, have created uncertainty and impacted demand for certain of our products and services. Conflicts in Gaza and nearby regions have created political and economic uncertainty in the Middle East. Also, the continued conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed in response to this conflict have increased global economic and political uncertainty. We do not know how long this uncertainty will continue. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Global Trade. The current domestic and international political environment, including in relation to recent and further potential changes by the U.S. and other countries in policies on global trade and tariffs, have resulted in uncertainty surrounding the future state of the global economy and global trade. This uncertainty is exacerbated by sanctions imposed by the U.S. government against certain businesses and individuals in select countries. Continued or increased uncertainty regarding global trade due to these or other factors may require us to modify our current business practices and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Healthcare Considerations. Our Healthcare division experienced some increased demand for its patient monitoring products as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic during the earlier stages of the pandemic. Certain hospitals are facing significant financial pressure as supply chain constraints and inflation drive up operating costs, and higher interest rates make access to credit more expensive. Continuation of these macroeconomic conditions would likely have an adverse impact on hospitals spend on capital equipment and thereby could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Government Policies. Our results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected by changes in U.S. or foreign government legislative, regulatory or enforcement policies. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 Russia s Invasion of Ukraine. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the sanctions imposed in response to this conflict have increased global economic and political uncertainty. This has the potential to indirectly disrupt our supply chain and access to certain resources. While we have not experienced significant adverse impacts to date and will continue to monitor for any impacts and seek to mitigate disruption that may arise, we have certain research and development activities within Ukraine for our Healthcare division which have been somewhat impacted. The conflict also has increased the threat of malicious cyber activity from nation states and other actors. Currency Exchange Rates. On a year-over-year basis, currency exchange rates negatively impacted reported sales by approximately 0.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other foreign currencies in 2024. Any further strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies would adversely impact our sales for the remainder of the fiscal year, and any weakening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies would positively impact our sales for the remainder of the fiscal year. Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Q1 Fiscal 2024) Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Q1 Fiscal 2025) (amounts in millions) Net Revenues The table below and the discussion that follows are based upon the way in which we analyze our business. See Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information about our business segments. 

Q1 of Q1 of Fiscal 2024 Net Revenues Fiscal 2025 Net Revenues Change Change Security 164.6 59.0 224.3 65.2 59.7 36.3 Optoelectronics and Manufacturing 76.8 27.5 82.6 24.0 5.8 7.6 Healthcare 37.8 13.5 37.1 10.8 (0.7) (1.9) Total net revenues 279.2 100 344.0 100.0 64.8 23.2 Revenues for the Security division during Q1 fiscal 2025 increased year-over-year due to increases in product and service revenues of approximately 52.1 million and 7.6 million, respectively. The increase in product revenues was primarily driven by growth in cargo and vehicle inspection systems, trace detections systems, checkpoint screening sales, and the acquired business further described in Note 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The increase in service revenue was due primarily to an increase in the installed base of products. Revenues for the Optoelectronics and Manufacturing division during Q1 fiscal 2025 increased year-over-year as a result of an increase in revenues in our contract manufacturing business of approximately 7.4 million, offset by a decrease in revenues in our optoelectronics business of approximately 1.6 million. Revenues for the Healthcare division during Q1 fiscal 2025 decreased year-over-year due to lower product sales of 2.2 million, partially offset by an increase in service revenues of 1.5 million. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Gross Profit 

Q1 of Q1 of Fiscal 2024 Net Revenues Fiscal 2025 Net Revenues Gross profit 98.7 35.4 121.5 35.3 Gross profit is impacted by sales volume and changes in overall manufacturing-related costs, such as raw materials and component costs, warranty expense, provision for inventory, freight, and logistics. Gross profit increased approximately 22.8 million in Q1 fiscal 2025 as compared to the prior year driven by the increase in sales. Our cost of goods sold increased year-over-year primarily as a result of the increase in revenues. Operating Expenses 

Q1 of Q1 of Fiscal 2024 Net Revenues Fiscal 2025 Net Revenues Change Change Selling, general and administrative 59.8 21.4 72.2 21.0 12.4 20.7 Research and development 15.9 5.7 17.8 5.2 1.9 11.9 Impairment, restructuring and other charges, net 0.5 0.2 1.2 0.3 0.7 140.0 Total operating expenses 76.2 27.3 91.2 26.5 15.0 19.7 Selling, general and administrative . Our significant selling, general and administrative SG A expenses include employee compensation, sales commissions, travel, professional services, marketing expenses, foreign currency translation, and depreciation and amortization expense. SG A expense for Q1 fiscal 2025 was 12.4 million higher than in the same prior-year period primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates and an increase in employee compensation in Q1 fiscal 2025 to support the growth of the Company as compared to the same prior-year period. Research and development . Research and development R D expenses include research related to new product development and product enhancements. R D expenses increased 1.9 million in Q1 fiscal 2025 as compared to Q1 fiscal 2024 driven by increased compensation costs to support new product development initiatives primarily in our Security division. Restructuring and other charges. Restructuring and other charges generally consist of costs relating to reductions in our workforce, facilities consolidation, costs related to acquisition activity, and other non-recurring charges. During Q1 fiscal 2025, restructuring and other charges consisted of 0.4 million for acquisition activity and 0.8 million related to employee terminations, and legal and other costs. During Q1 fiscal 2024, restructuring and other charges consisted of 0.2 million for acquisition activity and 0.3 million related to employee terminations, and legal and other costs. Interest and Other Expense, Net 

Q1 of Q1 of Fiscal 2024 Net Revenues Fiscal 2025 Net Revenues Interest and other expense, net 5.7 2.0 7.4 2.2 Interest and other expense, net . For Q1 fiscal 2025, interest and other expense, net was 7.4 million as compared to 5.7 million in the same prior-year period. This increase was driven by higher average levels of borrowings primarily to support the increase in working capital associated with the growth in revenues and for the repurchase of approximately 80 million of common stock in July 2024. Income taxes . The effective tax rate for a particular period varies depending on a number of factors, including (i) the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions, each of which applies a unique range of income tax rates and income tax credits, (ii) changes in previously established valuation allowances for deferred tax assets (changes are based upon our current analysis of the likelihood that these deferred tax assets will be realized), (iii) the level of non-deductible expenses, (iv) certain tax elections (v) tax holidays granted to certain of our international subsidiaries and (vi) discrete tax items. For Q1 fiscal 2025 and 2024, we recognized a provision for income taxes of 5.0 million and 3.9 million, respectively. The effective tax rates for Q1 fiscal 2025 and 2024 were 21.9 and 23.4 , respectively. During Q1 fiscal 2025 and 2024, we recognized a net discrete tax benefit of 0.5 million and 0.4 million, respectively, related to equity-based compensation under ASU 2016-09. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations and our credit facilities. Cash and cash equivalents totaled 85.1 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 10.3 million, or 11 , from 95.4 million at June 30, 2024. We currently anticipate that our available funds, credit facilities and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future beyond that. In addition, we anticipate that cash generated from operations, without repatriating earnings from our non-U.S. subsidiaries, and our credit facilities will be sufficient to satisfy our obligations in the U.S. In July 2024, we issued an aggregate of 350.0 million principal amount of 2.25 convertible senior notes due in August 2029 In connection with the issuance of the 2029 Notes, we repurchased 531,314 shares of our common stock for approximately 80 million. Our credit facility comprises a term loan and a 600 million revolving credit facility, which includes a 300 million sub-facility for letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024, there was 133.8 million outstanding under the term loan, 259.0 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility and 77.1 million of outstanding letters of credit. As of September 30, 2024, the total amount available under our revolving credit facility was 263.9 million. See Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities. Cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period to period, as net income, adjusted for non-cash items, and working capital fluctuations impact cash flows. During Q1 fiscal 2025, we used cash from operations of 37.2 million compared to cash provided by operations of 17.1 million in the comparable prior-year period. The net change in cash flows from operating activities was due primarily to a net increase in accounts receivable, inventories and other current assets in the Security division, partially offset by other changes in net working capital. Cash Used in Investing Activities . Net cash used in investing activities was 87.5 million for Q1 fiscal 2025 as compared to 9.6 million in the same prior-year period. We used 75.5 million for a business acquisition during the three-month period ended September 30, 2024. Capital expenditures in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 were 7.7 million compared to 5.2 million in the same prior-year period. Expenditures for intangible and other assets in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024 were 4.4 million compared to 4.2 million in the same prior-year period. Cash Used in Financing Activities . Net cash provided by financing activities was 113.8 million during Q1 fiscal 2025, compared to 1.9 million used during the same prior-year period. The change in cash flows from financing activities was primarily due to net proceeds of 340.4 million from the 2029 Notes, partially offset by (1) net repayment of 125.0 million on our credit facility and (2) repurchase of common shares of 80.4 million. Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards was 21.3 million during Q1 fiscal 2025 compared to 22.2 million in the same prior-year period. Borrowings See Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a detailed discussion regarding our revolving credit facility and other borrowings. Cash Held by Foreign Subsidiaries Our cash and cash equivalents totaled 85.1 million at September 30, 2024. Of this amount, approximately 81 was held by our foreign subsidiaries and subject to repatriation tax considerations. These foreign funds were held primarily by our subsidiaries in the, India, UK, Singapore, Canada and Malaysia and to a lesser extent in Mexico, Egypt, Indonesia, Albania, and Australia among other countries. We intend to permanently reinvest certain earnings from foreign operations, and we currently do not anticipate that we will need this cash in foreign countries to fund our U.S. operations. In the event we repatriate cash from certain foreign operations and if taxes have not previously been withheld on the related earnings, we would provide for withholding taxes at the time we change our intention with regard to the reinvestment of those earnings. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table contains information about the shares of common stock we purchased during the quarter ended September 30, 2024: 

Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of Total number of shares (or shares (or units) units) purchased as that may Total number of Average price part of publicly yet be purchased shares (or units) paid per share (or announced plans or under the plans or purchased unit) programs programs (1) July 1 to July 31, 2024 531,314 150.57 531,314 1,190,556 August 1 to August 31, 2024 1,190,556 September 1 to September 30, 2024 1,190,556 531,314 531,314 

 (1) In September 2022, when there were 1,131,301 shares remaining authorized to repurchase under the then-existing share repurchase program, the Board of Directors renewed the authorization and revised the maximum number of shares to 2,000,000 shares authorized under the stock repurchase program. Upon repurchase, shares of common stock are restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares, and we record them as a reduction in the number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding in our consolidated financial statements. Contractual Obligations During the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, there were no material changes outside the ordinary course of business to the information regarding specified contractual obligations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. See Notes 1, 6, 8 and 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our contractual obligations. Recent Accounting Pronouncements From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB and other regulatory bodies that are adopted as of the specified effective dates. Unless otherwise discussed, management believes that the impact of recently issued standards, which are not yet effective, will not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements upon adoption. As discussed in Note 1, we are currently evaluating the potential impact on financial statement disclosures upon future adoption of ASU 2023 - 07 and ASU 2023 - 09. There were no new pronouncements adopted in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK For a discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to our market risk disclosures set forth in Part II, Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. There have been no material changes in our exposure to market risk during the three months ended September 30, 2024 from that described in the Annual Report. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this report, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon management s review and evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the first quarter of fiscal 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures In designing and evaluating our controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud within the Company have been detected. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we are subject to litigation and other legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business or otherwise. More information regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved can be found under Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The discussion of our business, financial condition and results of operations in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 should be read together with the risk factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on August 29, 2024, which describe various risks and uncertainties that could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in the future. There have been no material changes to the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS See Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities discussion under Part I, Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 2. In July 2024, we issued an aggregate of 350.0 million principal amount of 2.25 convertible senior notes due in August 2029. The 2029 Notes were issued to the initial purchasers in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act in transactions not involving any public offering. The 2029 Notes were resold by the initial purchasers to persons whom the initial purchasers reasonably believe are qualified institutional buyers, as defined in, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Any shares of our common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the 2029 Notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange by us exclusively with our security holders. Initially, a maximum of 2,324,490 shares of our common stock may be issued upon conversion of the 2029 Notes based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 6.6414 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2029 Notes which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Our directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1 under the Exchange Act) may from time to time enter into plans or other arrangements for the purchase or sale of our shares that are intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 (c) or may represent a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement under the Exchange Act. During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, none of our directors or officers informed us of the adoption , modification or termination of a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Number Description 4.1 Indenture, dated as of July 19, 2024, between OSI Systems, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (1) 4.2 Form of certificate representing the 2.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1) (1) 31.1 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 

 (1) Previously filed with our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2024. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Hawthorne, State of California on the 25th day of October 2024. 

OSI SYSTEMS, INC. By: /s/ Deepak Chopra Deepak Chopra President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Alan Edrick Alan Edrick Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ Cary Okawa Cary Okawa Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

 32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 osis-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION Certification required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) and under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Deepak Chopra, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OSI Systems, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 25, 2024 /s/ Deepak Chopra Deepak Chopra Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 osis-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION Certification required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) and under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Alan Edrick, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OSI Systems, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 25, 2024 /s/ Alan Edrick Alan Edrick Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 osis-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of OSI Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Deepak Chopra, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods presented in the Report. Date: October 25, 2024 /s/ Deepak Chopra Deepak Chopra Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document, and is not being incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. The signed original of this certification required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 osis-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of OSI Systems, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alan Edrick, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods presented in the Report. 

Date: October 25, 2024 /s/ Alan Edrick Alan Edrick Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document, and is not being incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. The signed original of this certification required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 osis-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 osis-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 osis-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 osis-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

