<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1861063_0001213900-24-098561.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4100299</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99936</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>909595</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>834575</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>995100</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1184585</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098561.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114171401
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098561
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aquaron Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001861063
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41470
		FILM NUMBER:		241464260

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86)13122310095

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		515 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098561.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220465-10q_aquaron.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to
___________ 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction 
of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

. 
 , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 14, 2024, there were 
shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value issued and outstanding. 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations 
 2 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Statement of Cash Flows 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Statements 
 19 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risks 
 25 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 25 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 26 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 26 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 26 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 27 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 27 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 27 

Signatures 
 28 

i 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 

December 31, 
2023 
(Audited) 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid income tax 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Noncurrent Assets 

Deferred income tax asset 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Noncurrent Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Other payable related party 

Other payable - Huture 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Excise tax payable 

Promissory note related party 

Promissory note Huture 

Promissory note Bestpath 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 805,352 shares and 2,930,090 shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Stockholders Deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total Liabilities, Redeemable Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Unrealized (loss) gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes provision 

Deferred income taxes benefit (provision) 

Net (loss) income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2024 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Excise tax liability 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Retained Earnings (Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2023 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Excise tax liability 

Net income 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Deferred income tax provision (benefit) 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other payable-related party 

Other payable - Huture 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from investing activities: 

Cash deposited into Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay taxes 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for public stockholder redemption 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from promissory note- related party 

Proceeds from promissory note- Bestpath 

Proceeds from promissory note- Huture 

Payment of public stockholder redemption 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Excise tax payable charged against retained earnings 

Promissory notes issued for the tax paid by Sponsor 

Other payable due to related party converted to promissory note 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

AQUARON ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

.
The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). 

Although the Company is not limited to a particular
industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company intends to focus on operating business in the new
energy sector. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated
with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not
commenced any operations. All activities through September 30, 2024 are related to the Company s formation and the initial public
offering IPO as defined below), and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for an initial business combination.
The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company
will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income and investment gains from the proceeds derived from the IPO. The Company
has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The Company s sponsor is Aquaron Investments
LLC (the Sponsor ), a Delaware limited liability company. 

The registration statement for the Company s
IPO became effective on October 3, 2022. On October 6, 2022, the Company consummated the IPO of units at an offering price of
 per unit (the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the IPO, the Company sold
to its Sponsor units at per unit (the Private Units in a private placement generating total gross proceeds
of , which is described in Note 4. 

The Company granted the underwriter a -day option
to purchase up to an additional units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 14, 2022, the underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase Units Over-Allotment Option Units at per Unit
generating total gross proceeds of . On October 14, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the
Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Units generating gross proceeds of . 

A total of of the net proceeds from
the sale of the Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the Private Placements on October 6, 2022 and October
14, 2022, were deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
as a trustee and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
and that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. These funds will not be released until the earlier of the completion
of the initial Business Combination or the liquidation due to the Company s failure to complete a Business Combination within the
applicable period of time. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors,
if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. In addition, interest income earned on the
funds in the Trust Account may be released to the Company to pay its income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses
incurred by the Company may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement not held
in the Trust Account. 

5 

of the value of the funds in the Trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the
income earned on the Trust Account), which the Company refers to as the test, at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement
for its initial Business Combination, although the Company may structure a Business Combination with one or more target businesses whose
fair market value significantly exceeds of the trust account balance. If the Company is no longer listed on Nasdaq, it will not be
required to satisfy the 80 test. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding
Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the
completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or
(ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by the Company solely in its discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares
for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income tax
obligations). 

If the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority
of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder
approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the
proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with
a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor and any of the Company s officers or directors that may hold Insider Shares
(as defined in Note 5) (the Initial Stockholders and Chardan have agreed (a) to vote their Insider Shares, Private Shares
(as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not
to convert any shares (including the Insider Shares) in connection with a stockholder vote to approve, or sell the shares to the Company
in any tender offer in connection with, a proposed Business Combination. 

The Initial Stockholders and Chardan have agreed
(a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Insider Shares, Private Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with
the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its Public Shares if the
Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

Initially, the Company had until 9 months from
the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination. In addition, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate
initial business combination within 9 months, the Company s insiders or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, extend the
period of time to consummate a business combination two times by an additional three months each time (for a total of 12 or 15 months
to complete a business combination) (the Combination Period ). In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate
a Business Combination, the Sponsor or its affiliate or designees must deposit into the Trust Account per Public Share
or an aggregate of on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. 

6 

billion prior to the closing of the Mergers (the Closing ). As a result of the Mergers, among other
things, (i) each outstanding share in Huture shall automatically be cancelled, and in exchange for the right to receive newly issued ordinary
shares in PubCo PubCo Ordinary Shares at the Company Exchange Ratio; (ii) each outstanding SPAC Unit will be automatically
detached; (iii) each unredeemed outstanding share of SPAC Common Stock will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive one PubCo
Ordinary Share, (iv) each outstanding SPAC Right will be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for one-fifth (1/5) PubCo Ordinary Share,
and (v) each SPAC UPO will automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for one (1) PubCo UPO. Each outstanding PubCo Ordinary
Share will have a value at the time of the Closing of . All capitalized terms used in this and preceding paragraphs and not defined
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 

Extension Meetings 

On June 28, 2023, the Company held a special meeting
of stockholders, at which the Company s stockholders approved (i) an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (the Extension Amendment and (ii) an amendment (the Trust Amendment to the Investment Management
Trust Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company to allow the Company
to extend the Business Combination Period for a period of three months from July 6, 2023 to October 6, 2023, plus an option for the Company
to further extend such date to January 6, 2024, and then on a monthly basis up to four times from January 6, 2024 to May 6, 2024 by depositing
into the trust account for each one-month extension. In connection with the stockholders vote at the special meeting, an
aggregate of shares with redemption value of approximately (or per share) of the Company s common stock
were tendered for redemption. 

On June 29, 2023, October 4, 2023 and December
29, 2023, Bestpath (Shanghai) IoT Technology Co., Ltd. Bestpath , see Merger Agreement below) provided loans by depositing
in the Trust Account , and (totaling ), respectively, and from January 2024 to April 2024, Bestpath provided
loans of each month to the Company to fund the amount required to extend the Business Combination Period to May 6, 2024. On
May 2, 2024, June 4, 2024, and July 8, 2024, Bestpath provided a loan of each time to the Company to fund the amount required
to extend the Business Combination Period to August 6, 2024. In return, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note of each
time from January 2024 to April 2024 and each time from May 2024 to July 2024 to Bestpath in exchange for Bestpath depositing
such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination. 

On August 6, 2024, September 4, 2024, October
2, 2024 and November 5, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note of each time to Huture in exchange for the latter
depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to extend the Business Combination Period to December 6, 2024.
All these promissory notes are unsecured, interest-free and payable on the earlier of: 1) the date on which the Company consummates an
initial business combination, or 2) the date of the merger agreement with Huture is terminated, or 3) the outside closing date defined
in the Merger Agreement. 

On April 30, 2024, the Company held an annual
stockholder meeting, at which the Company s stockholders approved (i) an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and (ii) an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 3, 2022 and amended on June 28, 2023,
by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company to allow the Company to extend the Business Combination
Period for up to twelve months on a monthly basis from May 6, 2024 to May 6, 2025 by depositing into the trust account for each
one-month extension. In connection with the stockholders vote at the annual meeting, an aggregate of shares with redemption
value of (or approximately per share) of the Company s common stock were tendered for redemption. 

7 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to
the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The Sponsor and Chardan have agreed to waive their
liquidation rights with respect to the Insider Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or Chardan acquires Public Shares in or after the IPO, such Public Shares will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account
in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will
be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the
event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than
 . 

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust
Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below per Public Share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a valid
and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event
that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any
liability for such third party claims. 

Going Concern Consideration 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
in cash and working capital deficit of . The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO had been satisfied
through a payment from the Sponsor of for the Insider Shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor
of which was repaid in October 2022. During 2023, the Sponsor provided loans totaling (excluding converted from
amount due to related party), to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination (see Note 5). On January
4, 2024 and March 30, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor in the aggregate principal amount of 
(including the conversion of which was outstanding balance as of December 31, 2023 due to Sponsor) and , respectively,
to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination. On June 29, 2023, October 4, 2023 and December 29, 2023,
Bestpath deposited into the Trust Account , and (totaling ), respectively, and from January 2024 to April
2024, Bestpath provided loans of each month to the Company to fund the amount required to extend the Business Combination Period
to May 6, 2024. On May 2, 2024, June 4, 2024 and July 8, 2024, Bestpath provided a loan of each time to the Company to fund the
amount required to extend the Business Combination Period to August 6, 2024. From August to November 2024, Huture provided a loan of 
each time to the Company to fund the amount required to extend the Business Combination Period to December 6, 2024. 

The Company has now until December 6, 2024 to
consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If
a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. The Company
expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction
costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete
its Business Combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of its Business
Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our
Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete its Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available,
it will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the Business Combination, if cash on hand
is insufficient, the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

8 

excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders
from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at
the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair
market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to
repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs
after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether
and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise
would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business
Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE 
or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination
but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury.
In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment
of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business
Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

At this time, it has been determined that the IR Act
tax provisions have an impact to the Company s fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2024 tax provision as there were redemptions by the public
stockholders in June 2023 and May 2024; as a result, the Company recorded and excise tax liability, respectively. Total
excise tax liability of was outstanding as of September 30, 2024. During the second quarter 2024, the Internal Revenue Service
issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the Excise Tax. Pursuant to those regulations, the Company would need
to file a return and remit payment for any liability incurred during the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 on or before
October 31, 2024. As of November 14, 2024, the Company did not file a tax return and remit the payment for the exercise tax payable. The
Company will continue to monitor for updates to the Company s business along with guidance issued with respect to the IR Act to
determine whether any adjustments are needed to the Company s excise tax liability in future periods. 

9 

10 

and in cash
and none in cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

and , respectively. The interest earned from the Trust Account totaled
 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were fully reinvested into the Trust
Account as earned and unrealized gain on investments and therefore presented as an adjustment to the operating activities in the Statements
of Cash Flows. 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, due to non-deductible M A costs and the change of valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. After
consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization
of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. The change in the valuation allowance was 
and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

Amortization of startup cost 

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Total deferred tax asset (liability) 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

11 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value (1) 

Net loss including accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value (1) 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

12 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value (1) 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company has not experienced losses on these
accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

accretion of common stock to redemption value. 

13 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public rights 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption- December 31, 2022 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value for the year ended December 31, 2023 

Redeemed common stock payable to public stockholders 

Common stock subject to possible redemption- December 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value - nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Redeemed common stock payable to public stockholders 

Common stock subject to possible redemption- September 30, 2024 

14 

Units at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of related to its IPO. The Company granted the underwriter
a -day option to purchase up to an additional Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. On October 14, 2022,
the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase Over-Allotment Option Units at per Unit generating
total gross proceeds of . 

All of the Public Shares sold as
part of the Public Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption
of such Public Shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with
certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s
liquidation. In accordance with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC
480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified
outside of permanent equity. 

The Company s redeemable common stock is
subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable
that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the
period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the
earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying
amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. 

The Company has made a policy election in accordance
with ASC 480-10-S99-3A and recognizes changes in redemption value in additional paid-in capital (or accumulated deficit in the absence
of additional paid-in capital) over an expected 12-month period leading up to a Business Combination. 

Private Units at a price of per Private Unit for an aggregate purchase
price of in a private placement. On October 14, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the
Company consummated the sale of an additional Private Units generating gross proceeds of . Each Private Right will convert
into one-fifth (1/5) of share of common stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination. The net proceeds from the Private Units
were added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject
to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

shares of common stock to the Initial Stockholders (the Insider Shares for an aggregated consideration of , The
Insider Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Initial Stockholders to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment is not exercised in full, so that the Initial Stockholders will collectively own of the Company s issued and
outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the Initial Stockholders do not purchase any Public Shares in the IPO and excluding the Private
Units). As a result of the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option which was closed on October 14, 2022, the
Company cancelled an aggregate of Insider Shares. 

The Initial Stockholders have agreed, subject
to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Insider Shares until, with respect to of the Insider Shares,
the earlier of nine months after the consummation of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the common stock
equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for
any trading days within a -trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining of the
Insider Shares, until the nine months after the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to
a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all
of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

15 

Promissory Note 1 ), Promissory Note 2 and Promissory Note 3 ), respectively, to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination.
On June 26, 2023, the Sponsor provided a loan of Promissory Note 4 including the conversion of due to
related party (see below) for working capital purposes. The Sponsor has the right to convert these promissory notes into shares of the
Company common stock at a fixed price of per share at any time when these promissory notes remain outstanding. On January 4, 2024
and March 30, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor in the aggregate principal amount of (including
the conversion of which was outstanding balance as of December 31, 2023 due to Sponsor) Promissory Note 5 and
 Promissory Note 6 ), respectively, to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination.
The Sponsor has the right to convert the promissory note into shares of the Company common stock at a price of approximately per
share at any time when these promissory notes remain outstanding. Each Promissory Note is unsecured, interest-free and payable on the
earlier of: 1) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination, or 2) the date the Company liquidates if a business
combination is not consummated. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and were outstanding, respectively,
under all the Promissory Notes. 

Due to Related Party 

The Company received additional funds from the
Sponsor at the closing of IPO to finance transaction costs in connection with searching for a target business. On June 26, 2023, 
outstanding amount due to related party was converted to Promissory Note 4 (see above). Additionally, the Sponsor provided work capital
and paid certain expenses on behalf of the Company. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount due to related party was
 and , respectively; of which was subsequently converted to Promissory Note 5 (see above). 

Promissory Note Bestpath 

On June 29, 2023 and October 3, 2023, Bestpath
provided a loan of each time to the Company. On December 29, 2023, the Company received the advance of from Bestpath
for the promissory note issued on January 3, 2024. On February 2, 2024, March 1, 2024 and April 8, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note of each time to Bestpath in exchange for Bestpath depositing such amount into the Company s trust account
in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination. On May 2, 2024, June 4, 2024 and July 8, 2024,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note of each time to Bestpath in exchange for Bestpath depositing such amount into
the Company s trust account in order to extend the amount of time it has available to complete a business combination. These funds
were amounts required to extend the Business Combination Period to August 6, 2024. All Bestpath promissory notes are unsecured, interest-free
and payable on the earlier of: 1) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination, or 2) the date of the merger
agreement with Bestpath is terminated, or 3) the outside closing date defined in the merger agreement. Bestpath has the right to convert
the promissory notes into shares of the Company common stock at approximately per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, and were outstanding respectively, under the Bestpath promissory notes. 

Promissory Note Huture 

On August 2, 2024, August 30, 2024 and September 30,
2024, Huture deposited into trust account of each time in order to extend the Business Combination Period to November 6, 2024.
In exchanging these deposits, the Company issued the unsecured promissory notes to Huture. The promissory notes are unsecured, interest-free
and payable on the earlier of: 1) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination, or 2) the date of the merger
agreement with Huture is terminated, or 3) the outside closing date defined in the Merger Agreement. In addition, Huture has the right
to convert the promissory note into shares of the Company common stock at a price of approximately per share. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, and were outstanding respectively, under the Huture promissory notes. On October 2, 2024, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note of to Huture in exchange for Huture depositing such amount into the Company s trust
account on September 30, 2024. 

16 

-day
option from the date of the prospectus to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price
less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of . In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or ,
which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. The underwriters are also entitled to of the gross proceeds of the IPO in the form of common stock of the
Company at a price of per share, to be issued if the Company closes a business combination. In addition, the Company has agreed
to issue to Chardan and/or its designees Private Units as a deferred underwriting commission if the Company closes a business combination.
If a business combination is not consummated, such Private Units will not be issued and Chardan s (and/or its designees) right to
receive them will be forfeited. 

Unit Purchase Option 

On October 6, 2022, the Company sold to Chardan
(and/or its designees), for , an option UPO to purchase Units (including the over-allotment option units).
The UPO is exercisable at any time, in whole or in part, between the close of the Business Combination and fifth anniversary of the date
of the Business Combination at a price per Unit equal to (or of the volume weighted average trading price of the ordinary
shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day immediately prior to consummation of an initial Business
Combination). The option and the underlying securities that may be issued upon exercise of the option, have been deemed compensation by
FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s NASDAQ Conduct Rules. Additionally,
the option may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period)
following the date of IPO except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the IPO and their bona fide officers or partners. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the common stock are
entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, of which
an aggregate of up to shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not
exercised in full, so that the initial stockholders will own of the issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the initial
stockholders do not purchase any public units in the IPO and excluding the Private Shares underlying the Private Units). As a result of
the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option which was closed on October 14, 2022, shares of the total
 shares of common stock were no longer subject to forfeiture. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were 
shares of common stock issued and outstanding (excluding shares and shares subject to possible redemption as of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively). 

Rights Each holder
of a right will receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of
such right redeemed all shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon conversion
of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares
upon consummation of a Business Combination, as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for
by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the
Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share
consideration the holders of the common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis and each holder
of a right will be required to affirmatively convert its rights in order to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share underlying each right
(without paying additional consideration). The shares issuable upon conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent
held by affiliates of the Company). 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of
the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties for failure
to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

17 

December 31, 
2023 

Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets 
(Level 1) 

Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2) 

Significant 
Other 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 

Assets 

Marketable securities held in the Trust Account 

to Huture in exchange for Huture depositing such amount into the Company s trust account in order to
extend the Business Combination Period to December 6, 2024. The promissory notes are unsecured, interest-free and payable on the earlier
of: 1) the date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination, or 2) the date of the merger agreement with Huture is
terminated, or 3) the outside closing date defined in the Merger Agreement. In addition, Huture has the right to convert the promissory
note into shares of the Company common stock at a price of approximately per share. 

On November 4, 2024, the Company received a decision
letter from the Nasdaq Hearings Panel Panel granting the Company s request to continue its listing on The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), subject to the condition that, on or before February 24, 2025, the Company shall
demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5505 (the Rule ). This decision follows the Company s hearing
before the Panel on October 17, 2024, regarding its non-compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(3) (the Minimum Public Holders
Rule ). In its written notice, the Panel stated that during the granted exception period the Company must promptly notify the
Panel of any significant developments, particularly any event, condition or circumstance that may impact its ability to meet the terms
of the exception granted by the Panel and that the Panel reserves the right to reconsider the granted exception in such an instance. 

18 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Statements 

References to the Company, Aquaron, 
 our, us or we refer to Aquaron Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the
Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. As well as the Company s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K as
filed with the SEC on May 3, 2024. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based
these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are
subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or
contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware in March 2021. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination. Our efforts to identify a target business will
not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on operating businesses in the new energy sector.
We affirmatively exclude as an initial business combination target any company of which financial statements are audited by an accounting
firm that the PCAOB is unable to inspect for two consecutive years beginning in 2021 and any target company with China operations consolidated
through a VIE structure. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of Private Units, our
securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting our initial Business Combination. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management has evaluated the impact of persistent
inflation and rising interest rates, financial market instability, including the recent bank failures, the lingering effects of the COVID-19
pandemic and certain geopolitical events, including the conflict in Ukraine and the surrounding region, and has concluded that while it
is reasonably possible that the risks and uncertainties related to or resulting from these events could have a negative effect on the
Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable
as of the date of these condensed financial statements. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of these risks and uncertainties. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise
tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic
subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders
from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at
the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair
market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to
repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

19 

At this time, it has been determined that the
IR Act tax provisions have an impact to the Company s fiscal 2023 income tax provision as there were redemptions by the public stockholders
in June 2023 and May 2024; as a result, the Company recorded 259,438 and 231,769 excise tax liability as of December 31, 2023 and September
30, 2024, respectively. Total excise tax liability of 491,207 was outstanding as of September 30, 2024. During the second quarter 2024,
the Internal Revenue Service issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the Excise Tax. Pursuant to those regulations,
the Company would need to file a return and remit payment for any liability incurred during the period from January 1, 2023 to December
31, 2023 on or before October 31, 2024. The Company will continue to monitor for updates to the Company s business along with guidance
issued with respect to the IR Act to determine whether any adjustments are needed to the Company s tax provision in future periods. 

Recent Developments 

As previously disclosed, Aquaron Acquisition Corp.
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Bestpath Merger Agreement on March 23, 2023, with Bestpath
(Shanghai) IoT Technology Co., Ltd. ),
a PRC limited liability company Bestpath and several other parties. Subsequent to the signing of the Bestpath
Merger Agreement, Bestpath undertook certain reorganization to consolidate and concentrate its business (the Reorganization ).
In light of the Reorganization, as agreed by the parties, the Bestpath Merger Agreement was terminated pursuant to Section 11.1 thereunder
on July 12, 2024, to allow the parties to enter into a new business combination agreement to accommodate the Reorganization. 

On July 12, 2024, Aquaron entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (as amended from time to time, the Agreement with (i) HUTURE Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted
company Huture ), (ii) HUTURE Group Limited, an exempted company incorporated in Cayman Islands and a direct wholly-owned
subsidiary of Huture PubCo ), (iii) Bestpath Merger Sub I Limited, an exempted company incorporated in Cayman Islands
and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub 1 ), and (iv) Bestpath Merger Sub II Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub 2 and, together with PubCo and Merger Sub 1, each an Acquisition
Entity and collectively, the Acquisition Entities ). All capitalized terms used in this section and not
defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 

Pursuant to the Agreement and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth therein, (i) Merger Sub 1 will merge with and into Huture (the Initial Merger whereby the
separate existence of Merger Sub 1 will cease and Huture will be the surviving corporation of the Initial Merger and become a wholly owned
subsidiary of PubCo, and (ii) following confirmation of the effective filing of the Initial Merger, Merger Sub 2 will merge with and into
the Company (the SPAC Merger , and together with the Initial Merger, the Mergers ), the separate
existence of Merger Sub 2 will cease and the Company will be the surviving corporation of the SPAC Merger and a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of PubCo. 

The Mergers implies a current equity value of
Huture at 1.0 billion prior to the closing of the Mergers (the Closing ). As a result of the Mergers, among other
things, (i) each outstanding share in Huture shall automatically be cancelled, and in exchange for the right to receive newly issued ordinary
shares in PubCo PubCo Ordinary Shares at the Company Exchange Ratio; (ii) each outstanding SPAC Unit will be automatically
detached; (iii) each unredeemed outstanding share of SPAC Common Stock will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive one PubCo
Ordinary Share, (iv) each outstanding SPAC Right will be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for one-fifth (1/5) PubCo Ordinary Share,
and (v) each SPAC UPO will automatically be cancelled and cease to exist in exchange for one (1) PubCo UPO. Each outstanding PubCo Ordinary
Share will have a value at the time of the Closing of 10.00. 

Following the Closing and in addition to the Merger
Consideration Shares, PubCo is entitled to (a) set up an equity incentive pool, representing 15 of the share capital of the PubCo on
a post-Closing fully diluted basis, (b) issue an aggregate of up to10,000,000 PubCo Ordinary Shares (the Earnout Shares to Huture s shareholders who hold Huture s shares as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Initial Merger on a
pro rata basis, and (c) issue an aggregate of up to 10,000,000 PubCo Ordinary Shares to eligible participants including directors, officers
and employees of Huture under a share incentive plan to be established then (the Earnout Incentive Plan ). The issuance
of the Earnout Shares and the shares under the Earnout Incentive Plan will be subject to satisfaction of certain milestones (based on
the achievement of certain targets of consolidated revenue for the fiscal year of 2024 and 2025). 

20 

Additional Agreements Executed in Connection
With the Agreement 

Huture Voting and Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Agreement,
certain shareholders of Huture, representing more than fifty percent (50 of the equity interests in Huture, have entered into a voting
and support agreement with Huture, each of the Acquisition Entities and Aquaron, pursuant to which each such holder agrees to, among other
things, vote in favor of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement. The Huture voting and support agreement signed together with
the Bestpath Merger Agreement terminated concurrently with the termination of the Bestpath Merger Agreement. 

Sponsor Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Agreement,
Sponsor has entered into and delivered a support agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed, among others, to vote in favor of
the Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder at the SPAC Special Meeting in accordance with the Insider Letter. The sponsor
voting and support agreement signed together with the Bestpath Merger Agreement terminated concurrently with the termination of the Bestpath
Merger Agreement. 

Extension Meetings 

On June 28, 2023, the Company held a special meeting
of stockholders, at which the Company s stockholders approved (i) an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (the Extension Amendment and (ii) an amendment (the Trust Amendment to the Investment Management
Trust Agreement, dated October 3, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company to allow the Company
to extend the Business Combination Period for a period of 3 months from July 6, 2023 to October 6, 2023, plus an option for the Company
to further extend such date to January 6, 2024, and then on a monthly basis up to four times from January 6, 2024 to May 6, 2024. In connection
with the stockholders vote at the special meeting, an aggregate of 2,487,090 shares with redemption value of approximately 25,943,773
(or 10.43 per share) of the Company s common stock were tendered for redemption. 

On April 30, 2024, we held an annual stockholder
meeting, at which the Company s stockholders approved (i) an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and (ii) an amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 3, 2022 and amended on June 28, 2023,
by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company to allow the Company to extend the Business Combination
Period for up to twelve months on a monthly basis from May 6, 2024 to May 6, 2025. In connection with the stockholders vote at
the annual meeting, an aggregate of 2,124,738 shares with redemption value of 23,176,909 (or approximately 10.91 per share) of the Company s
common stock were tendered for redemption. 

Non-compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules 

On February 28, 2024, we received a written notice
(the February Notice from the Listing Qualifications staff (the Staff of Nasdaq, notifying us that it currently
does not satisfy Listing Rule 5550(a)(3), which requires us to have at least 300 public holders (as defined in Listing Rule 5005(a)(36))
for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Minimum Public Holders Rule ). The February Notice states that we
have 45 calendar days to submit a plan to regain compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Rule. We are monitoring the number of its
public holders and will consider options available to it to potentially achieve compliance. We submitted a plan to regain compliance with
the Minimum Public Holders Rule on April 15, 2024. If Nasdaq accepts our plan, Nasdaq may grant us an extension of up to 180 calendar
days from the date of the February Notice to evidence compliance with the Minimum Public Holders Rule. If Nasdaq does not accept our plan,
we will have the opportunity to appeal the decision to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 

On April 19, 2024, we received a written notice
(the April Notice from the Staff, notifying us that it currently does not satisfy Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), as a result
of not having timely filed with the SEC its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K ). We have 60 calendar
days from the date of the April Notice, or until June 18, 2024, to submit to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5250(c)(1). If we submit a plan to Nasdaq and Nasdaq accepts the plan, Nasdaq can grant an exception of up to 180 calendar days from
the due date of the filing of the Form 10-K, or until October 14, 2024, to regain compliance. We subsequently filed the Form 10-K
on May 3, 2024. 

21 

On May 22, 2024, we received a written notice
(the May Notice from the Staff, notifying us that it currently does not satisfy Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), as a result of
not having timely filed with the SEC its Form 10- Q for the period ended March 31, 2024 (the Form 10-Q ). We have 60 calendar
days from the date of the May Notice, or until July 22, 2024, to submit to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5250(c)(1). If we submit a plan to Nasdaq and Nasdaq accepts the plan, Nasdaq can grant an exception of up to 180 calendar days from
the due date of the filing of the Form 10-Q, or until November 18, 2024, to regain compliance. If the Company does not regain compliance
within the allotted compliance periods, including any extensions that may be granted by Nasdaq, Nasdaq will provide notice that the Company s
common stock will be subject to delisting. The Company would then be entitled to appeal that determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel.
We subsequently filed the Form 10-Q on August 1, 2024. 

On August 28, 2024, we received a written notice
(the Letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that, because the Company has not regained
compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(3) (the Minimum Public Holders Rule ), which requires the Company to have at least 300
public holders for continued listing on Nasdaq, trading of the Company s common stock would be suspended at the opening of business
on September 6, 2024 and a Form 25-NSE will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which will remove
the Company s securities (including the units, common stock, and rights) from listing and registration on Nasdaq, unless the Company
requests a hearing to appeal this determination by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on September 4, 2024. The Letter also indicates that the Company
is delinquent in filing its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, which serves as an additional
basis for delisting the Company s securities from The Nasdaq Capital Market in light of the Company s non-compliance with
Minimum Public Holders Rule. The Company requested an appeal and stay of the suspension in accordance with the Letter on September 4,
2024. 

On November 4, 2024, the Company received a decision
letter from the Nasdaq Hearings Panel Panel granting the Company s request to continue its listing on Nasdaq,
subject to the condition that, on or before February 24, 2025, the Company shall demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5505
(the Rule ). This decision follows the Company s hearing before the Panel on October 17, 2024, regarding its
non-compliance with Minimum Public Holders Rule. In its written notice, the Panel stated that during the granted exception period the
Company must promptly notify the Panel of any significant developments, particularly any event, condition or circumstance that may impact
its ability to meet the terms of the exception granted by the Panel and that the Panel reserves the right to reconsider the granted exception
in such an instance. The Company is diligently working to timely satisfy the terms of the Panel s decision; however, there can be
no assurance that the Company will be able to do so. In the event that the Company is unable to meet the terms of the Panel s decision,
the Company will be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any operating revenues to date except the preparation and completion of the IPO and search for target candidate following the
consummation of the IPO. Our only activities from inception through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities and those necessary
to prepare for the IPO, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for an initial business combination. We do not expect
to generate any operating revenue until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the IPO. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as
a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net loss of 257,656, which consisted of loss of 351,448 derived from general and administrative expenses of 345,648, franchise
tax expense of 5,800, income tax expense of 22,612, offset by unrealized loss on investments held in Trust Account of 519, and interest
earned on investments held in Trust Account of 116,923. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we had net income of 253,265,
which consisted of loss of 127,425 derived from general and administrative expenses of 117,125, franchise tax expense of 10,300, income
tax expense of 91,920 and deferred income tax benefit of 24,596, offset by unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account of 100,867,
and interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of 548,881. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net loss of 103,471, which consisted of loss of 567,426 derived from general and administrative expenses of 545,126, franchise
tax expense of 22,300, income tax expense of 180,914 and deferred income tax expense of 144,680, offset by unrealized gain on investments
held in Trust Account of 37,433, and interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of 752,116. For the nine months ended September
30, 2023, we had net income of 716,172, which consisted of loss of 752,839 derived from general and administrative expenses of 718,439,
franchise tax expense of 34,400, income tax expense of 349,036 and deferred income tax benefit of 114,673, offset by unrealized gain
on investments held in Trust Account of 133,387, and interest earned on investments held in Trust Account of 1,569,987. 

22 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On October 6, 2022, we consummated our IPO of
5,000,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001, and one right to receive one-fifth
(1/5th) of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Units were sold at
an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company
consummated the Private Placement with the Sponsor of 256,250 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 2,562,500. 

We granted the underwriter a 45-day option to
purchase up to an additional 750,000 Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments, if any. Subsequently, on October 14, 2022, the underwriter
partially exercised the over-allotment, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the Units occurred on October 14, 2022. The total
aggregate issuance by the Company of 417,180 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 4,171,800.00. On
October 14, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional
12,515.40 Private Units, generating gross proceeds of 125,154. 

On October 14, 2022, the underwriters canceled
the remainder of the over-allotment option. In connection with the cancellation of the remainder of the over-allotment option, the Company
has cancelled an aggregate of 83,205 shares of Common Stock issued to the Sponsor, prior to the IPO and Private Placement. 

A total of 54,984,377 of the net proceeds from
the sale of the Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the Private Placements on October 6, 2022 and October
14, 2022 respectively, were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders and maintained
by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 109,650
in cash and a working capital deficit of 2,431,129. The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the IPO had been
satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of 25,000 for the Insider Shares and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the
Sponsor of 300,000. During 2023, the Sponsor provided loans totaling 449,780 (excluding 99,846 converted from amount due to related
party), to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination (see Note 5). On January 4, 2024 and March 30,
2024, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor in the aggregate principal amount of 200,000 (including the conversion
of 97,052 which was outstanding balance as of December 31, 2023 due to Sponsor) and 100,000, respectively, to be used, in part, for
transaction costs related to the Business Combination. On September 29, 2023, October 4, 2023 and December 29, 2023, Bestpath deposited
into the Trust Account 210,000, 210,000 and 70,000 (totaling 490,000), respectively, and from January 2024 to April 2024, Bestpath
provided loans of 70,000 each month to the Company to fund the amount required to extend the Business Combination Period to May 6, 2024.
On May 2, 2024, June 4, 2024, and July 8, 2024, Bestpath provided a loan of 20,000 each time to the Company to fund the amount required
to extend the Business Combination Period to August 6, 2024. On August 2, 2024, August 30, 2024, September 30, 2024 and November 5, 2024,
Huture provided a loan of 20,000 each time in order to extend the Business Combination Period to December 6, 2024. 

The Company has now until December 6, 2024 to
consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If
a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. The Company
expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction
costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete
its Business Combination or because it becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of its Business
Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our
Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete its Business Combination because it does not have sufficient funds available,
it will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following the Business Combination, if cash on hand
is insufficient, the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet its obligations. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management has determined
that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by December 6, 2024 (unless the Company extends the time to complete
a Business Combination), then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for liquidation and
subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The unaudited condensed
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

23 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. 

The holders of the founder shares, the Private
Placement Shares, and any common stock that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any underlying securities) will
be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into in connection with the IPO.
The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to our completion of our initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Upon closing of a business combination, the underwriters
will be entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per public share, or 1,896,013 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to
the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the
terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriters will also be entitled to 0.75 of the gross proceeds of the IPO in the form of common
stock of the Company at a price of 10.00 per share, and 54,172 Private Units, to be issued if the Company closes a business combination. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. The interim financial information provided is unaudited, but includes all adjustments
which management considers necessary for the fair presentation of the results for these periods. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. We have not identified critical accounting estimates; we have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

The Company accounts for its common stock subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock
subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption
upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other
times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The Company s common stock features certain redemption rights that
are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common
stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section
of the Company s balance sheet. 

We have made a policy election in accordance with
ASC 480-10-S99-3A and recognizes changes in redemption value in additional paid-in capital (or accumulated deficit in the absence of additional
paid-in capital) over an expected 12-month period leading up to a Business Combination. 

Convertible Promissory Note 

The Company elects an early adoption of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion
and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU
2020-06 and accounts for its convertible promissory notes as debt (liability) on the balance sheet. The Company s assessment
of the embedded conversion feature (see Note 5 - Related Party Transactions) considers the derivative scope exception guidance under ASC
815 pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The conversion feature of these promissory notes
meets the definition of a derivative instrument. However, bifurcation of conversion feature from the debt host is not required because
the conversion feature meets ASC 815 scope exception, as the promissory notes are convertible in shares of the Company s common
stock which is considered indexed to the Company s own stock and classified in stockholders equity. 

24 

Net Income (Loss) per Share 

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. The audited statements of operations include a presentation of income (loss) per redeemable
share and income (loss) per non-redeemable share following the two-class method of income per share. In order to determine the net income
(loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the undistributed income (loss)
allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net
loss less any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number
of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the
common shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In December 2023, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ASU 2023-09 ). This ASU requires that public business entities must annually (1) disclose specific categories
in the rate reconciliation and (2) provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold (if the
effect of those reconciling items is equal to or greater than 5 percent of the amount computed by multiplying pretax income or loss by
the applicable statutory income tax rate). A public entity should apply the amendments in ASU 2023-09 prospectively to all
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2023-09 would have
on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item . 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During the fiscal quarter ended September 30,
2024, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

25 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report include the risk factors described in the final prospectus for our IPO filed with
the SEC and the definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 15, 2024. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been
no material changes to the previously disclosed risk factors. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

The registration statement (the Registration
Statement for our IPO was declared effective on October 6, 2022. 

On October 6, 2022, we consummated our IPO of
5,000,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001, and one right to receive one-fifth
(1/5th) of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation of the Company s initial business combination. The Units were sold at
an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 50,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company
consummated the Private Placement with the Sponsor of 256,250 Private Units, at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 2,562,500.00. The Private Units (and the underlying securities) are identical to the Units sold in the IPO, except as otherwise disclosed
in the registration statement. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. 

Subsequently, on October 14, 2022, the underwriter
partially exercised the over-allotment, and the closing of the issuance and sale of the Units occurred on October 14, 2022. The total
aggregate issuance by the Company of 417,180 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit resulted in total gross proceeds of 4,171,800.00. On
October 14, 2022, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-Allotment Option Units, the Company consummated the private sale of an additional
12,515.40 Private Units, generating gross proceeds of 125,154. 

On October 14, 2022, the underwriters canceled
the remainder of the over-allotment option. In connection with the cancellation of the remainder of the over-allotment option, the Company
has cancelled an aggregate of 83,205 shares of Common Stock issued to the Sponsor, prior to the IPO and Private Placement. 

As of October 14, 2022, a total of 54,984,377
of the net proceeds from the sale of the Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Option Units) and the Private Placements on October
6, 2022 and October 14, 2022 respectively, were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public
stockholders and maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases
have been placed in the trust account described above and, together with the interests earned on the funds held in the trust account and
except for payment of our franchise and income taxes if any, shall not be released to us until the earlier of the completion of our initial
business combination and our redemption of the shares of common stock sold in the IPO upon our failure to consummate a business combination
within the required period. We are not permitted to use the proceeds placed in the trust account and the interests earned thereon to pay
any excise taxes or any other similar fees or taxes in nature that may be imposed on the company pursuant to any current, pending or future
rules or laws, including without limitation any excise tax due imposed under the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 (H.R. 5376) on
any redemptions or stock buybacks by the Company. 

26 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

Item 5. Other Information 

. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 
 AQUARON AQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Yi Zhou 

Name: 
 Yi Zhou 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Qingze Zhao 

Name: 
 Qingze Zhao 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022046501ex31-1_aquaron.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Yi Zhou, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Aquaron Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Yi Zhou 

Yi Zhou 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022046501ex31-2_aquaron.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Qingze Zhao, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Aquaron Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Qingze Zhao 

Qingze Zhao 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022046501ex32-1_aquaron.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Aquaron
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Yi Zhou, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my
knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Yi Zhou 

Name: 
 Yi Zhou 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022046501ex32-2_aquaron.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 31 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Aquaron
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Qingze Zhao, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 /s/ Qingze Zhao 

Name: 
 Qingze Zhao 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aqu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 aqu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aqu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aqu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aqu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

