<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1918661_0001213900-24-097733.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3674662</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78323</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>867842</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>689949</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>902607</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1064918</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097733.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113213932
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097733
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESH Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001918661
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				874000684
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41718
		FILM NUMBER:		241456616

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVE S
		STREET 2:		SUITE 89898
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129918332

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		228 PARK AVE S
		STREET 2:		SUITE 89898
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097733.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220352-10q_eshacq.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

- 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Global Market The Global Market The Global Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 14, 2024, there were 
shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 18 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 21 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 21 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 22 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 22 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 22 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 22 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 22 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 22 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 23 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 
 24 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Cash restricted 

Due from Sponsor 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid insurance current portion 

Total Current Assets 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies 

COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of and per share at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding 11,500,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Total other income 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock 

Diluted net income per share 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Basic net income per share 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Diluted net income per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 
 
 Balance January 1, 2024 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2024 (unaudited) 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance January 1, 2023 (1) 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2023 (1) (unaudited) 

Sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Fair value of rights included in Public units 

Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A shares 

Issuance of Representative Shares 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2023 (1) (unaudited) 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2023 (1) (unaudited) 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid insurance current portion 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

Due from Sponsor 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash and Restricted Cash 

Cash and Restricted Cash Beginning of period 

Cash and Restricted Cash End of period 

Cash and Restricted Cash End of period 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Cash and Restricted Cash End of period 

Supplementary cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Units (the Units 
and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ),
which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit,
generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant, in a private placement to the Company s Sponsor, ESH Sponsor LLC, a limited liability company, which is an affiliate
of members of the Board of Directors and management team (the Sponsor ), and I-Bankers Securities, Inc. I-Bankers and Dawson James Dawson James ), the representative of the underwriters of the IPO, generating gross proceeds of
 , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of cash underwriting discount, fair value of Representative Shares, and of other offering costs. 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its IPO and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating the Initial Business Combination. The Company s
Initial Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding
the amount of any Marketing Fee, as defined in Note 6, held in Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in
connection with the Initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete the Initial Business Combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise is not required to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 

Following the closing of the IPO on June 16, 2023,
an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants was placed in the Trust Account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting
as trustee and invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier
of (i) the completion of the Initial Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

The Company will provide holders of the Company s
outstanding Public Shares sold in the IPO (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
of their Public Shares upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called
to approve the Initial Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of the Initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public
Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially
anticipated to be per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares
will not be reduced by the Marketing Fee the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). 

5 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

upon such
consummation of the Initial Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Initial Business Combination.
If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder
vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation adopted by the
Company upon the consummation of the IPO (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer
documents with the SEC prior to completing an Initial Business Combination. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transactions is
required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally,
each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with an Initial Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares prior
to the IPO (the Initial Stockholders agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares
purchased during or after the IPO in favor of the Initial Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Stockholders agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of an Initial Business
Combination. In addition, the Company agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an Initial Business Combination without
the prior consent of the Sponsor. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other
person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act),
will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares, without the prior consent
of the Company. 

The Initial Stockholders will agree not to propose
an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (A) in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation
to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination within the time frame described below
or (B) with respect to any other material provision relating to the rights of holders of Public Shares or pre-Initial Business Combination
activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any
such amendment. 

The Company will hold a special meeting of stockholders
on December 3, 2024 to, among other things, vote on a proposal to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination (the Extension Amendment Proposal ).
If passed, the Extension Amendment Proposal will allow the Company to, at its discretion, exercise up to twelve monthly extensions to
the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination, from December 16, 2024 until as late as December 16, 2025, or, if
it fails to consummate a business combination during such time, cease its operations and redeem or repurchase of the Public
Shares. 

If the Extension Amendment Proposal is not approved,
the Company will have only 18 months from the closing of the IPO (the Combination Period ), or until December 16,
2024, to complete the Initial Business Combination. 

If the Company is unable to complete an Initial
Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes
payable, and less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Board of Directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete the Initial
Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

On July 20, 2023, the Company issued a press release
announcing that, on July 21, 2023, the Units would no longer trade, and that the Company s common stock and rights, which together
comprise the Units will commence trading separately. The common stock and rights will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Market and trade
with the ticker symbols ESHA, and ESHAR, respectively. This is a mandatory and automatic separation, and no
action was required by the holders of Units. 

6 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable
to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into
a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement (a Target ), reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, in
each case including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise
and income taxes, less franchise and income taxes payable. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party or
Target that executed an agreement waiving any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account (whether or not such agreement is enforceable)
or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management is currently evaluating the impact
of the current global economic uncertainty, rising interest rates, high inflation, high energy prices, supply chain disruptions, the Israel-Hamas
conflict and the Russia-Ukraine war (including the impact of any sanctions imposed in response thereto) and has concluded that while it
is reasonably possible that any of these events could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations
and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these unaudited condensed financial
statements. The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties.
The Company cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude, or the extent
to which they may negatively impact the Company s business and its ability to complete an Initial Business Combination. 

Going Concern Consideration 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash
of and working capital of . 

Until the consummation of an Initial Business
Combination, the Company will be using the funds held outside the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating target businesses, performing
due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, and structuring, negotiating and completing an Initial Business Combination. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an Initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company
completes an Initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the
event that the Initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to
repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for
the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of an Initial Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Initial
Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about
an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete an
Initial Business Combination by December 16, 2024, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The
date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern. Management plans to consummate an Initial Business Combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after December 16, 2024. 

7 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

and of
cash as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and no cash equivalents. 

and 0 ,
respectively. Cash restricted at September 30, 2024 represents cash that was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay income and
franchise taxes but is yet to be utilized at the end of the period. 

8 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

shares of Class A common stock subject
to possible redemption presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the accompanying condensed
balance sheets. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

9 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

and for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate was and for the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, due to changes in the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets and prior year true ups from the tax return. 

10 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

shares of its Class A common stock in the calculation of diluted net income per share, since their exercise is contingent
upon future events. 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net income per share 

Denominator: 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted net income per share 

11 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at a price
of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock and one right. Each Public Right entitles the holder thereof
to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one shares of Class A common stock upon the consummation of the Initial Business Combination. 

Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement
Warrant, or in the aggregate, in a private placement. 

Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for whole share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account so that the Trust Account holds per unit
sold. If the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will
expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis. 

The Sponsor and the Company s officers and
directors have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30
days after the completion of the Initial business Combination. 

shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share (the Founder Shares for a subscription price of . Such subscription receivable was paid in full on March 9, 2022. On May 8, 2023, the Sponsor surrendered
an aggregate of shares of its Class B common stock for no consideration, which were cancelled, resulting in the Initial Stockholders
holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. The Initial Stockholders agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent
that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. The forfeiture was to be adjusted to the extent that the
over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (excluding the Representative Shares). If the Company increased or decreased the size of the
offering, the Company would effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation
of the IPO in such amount as to maintain the Founder Share ownership of the Company s stockholders prior to the IPO at of
the Company s issued and outstanding common stock upon the consummation of the IPO (excluding the Representative Shares, as defined
below). On June 16, 2023, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full as part of the initial closing of the IPO. As
such, the Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

12 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial
Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the Lock-Up. 

Related Party Loans 

Promissory Note to Sponsor 

On December 17, 2021 and as amended on May 9,
2023, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was
non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the earlier of (x) June 30, 2023 (as amended), and (y) the closing of the IPO. The outstanding
balance of was repaid at the closing of the IPO on June 16, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, this facility
is no longer available. 

Due from Sponsor 

At the closing of the IPO on June 16, 2023, a
portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants in the amount of was due to the Company to be held outside
of the Trust Account for working capital purposes. On June 21, 2023, the Sponsor paid the Company an amount of to partially settle
the outstanding balance. In July 2023, the Sponsor paid expense reimbursements on behalf of the Company. In October and December
2023, the Company paid a total of of Sponsor s expenses on behalf of the Sponsor. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, the Sponsor owes the Company an outstanding amount of and , respectively. 

Working Capital Loan 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an Initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If
the Company completes an Initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust
Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
In the event that an Initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account
to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except
for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of an Initial Business Combination, without interest,
or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post
Initial Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on June 13, 2023 through the earlier of consummation of the Initial Business Combination and the Company s liquidation, to reimburse
an affiliate of the Company s officers per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and other administrative
and consulting services. 

13 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

and in fees for these services, respectively. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2023, the Company incurred and paid and in fees for these services, respectively. 

shares of Class A common stock and to Dawson James shares of Class A common stock at the closing of the IPO (collectively,
the Representative Shares ). The Company determined the fair value of the Representative Shares to be 
(or per share) using the Probability-Weighted Expected Return Method Model. The fair value of the shares granted to the underwriters
utilized the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of , (2) risk-free interest rate of , (3) expected life of years,
and (4) implied discount for lack of marketability of . Accordingly, the fair value of was accounted for as offering costs
at the closing of the IPO. 

The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation
by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and were therefore subject to a Lock-Up for a period of 180 days
immediately following the commencement of sales in the IPO. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities were not subject of any
hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person
for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales in the IPO, nor were they permitted to be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales in the IPO, except to any underwriters
and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. 

The underwriters were also entitled to an underwriting
discount of per unit, or million in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing of the IPO. 

Initial Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

The Company entered into the Marketing Agreement
with the underwriters, I-Bankers and Dawson James to assist the Company in holding meetings with the stockholders to discuss the potential
Initial Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested
in purchasing the Company s securities in connection with the Initial Business Combination, assist the Company in obtaining stockholder
approval for the Initial Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the
Initial Business Combination. Pursuant to the Initial Business Combination Marketing Agreement, the Company will pay I-Bankers and Dawson
James, collectively, of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or million in the aggregate (the Marketing Fee ).
The Marketing Fee will become payable to I-Bankers and Dawson James from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that
the Company completes an Initial Business Combination with a target introduced to the Company by I-Bankers. 

14 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. At September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class A Common Stock The
Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. At September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, excluding shares of Class
A common stock subject to possible redemption. 

Class B Common Stock The
Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. At September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Holders of the Class B common stock will have
the right to appoint all of the Company s directors prior to an Initial Business Combination. On any other matter submitted to a
vote of the Company s stockholders, holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together
as a single class, except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided, that the holders of Class B common stock will be entitled
to vote as a separate class to increase the authorized number of shares of Class B common stock. Each share of common stock will have
 vote on all such matters. 

The shares of Class B common stock will automatically
convert into shares of the Company s Class A common stock at the time of the Company s Initial Business Combination on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further
adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess
of the amounts offered and related to the closing of the Initial Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock
shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class
B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the IPO (excluding the Representative
Shares) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Initial business
Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Initial Business Combination,
any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). 

Rights At September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, there were rights outstanding. Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share
of Class A common stock upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination. In the event the Company will not be the survivor upon
completion of the Initial Business Combination, each holder of a right will be required to convert his, her or its rights in order to
receive the 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination.
If the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within the required time period and it liquidates the funds held
in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire worthless. No fractional
shares will be issued upon conversion of any rights. As a result, a holder must have 10 rights to receive one share of common stock at
the closing of the Initial Business Combination. 

Warrants At September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were warrants outstanding. No public warrants were sold in the IPO. The Private Placement
Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until 30 days after the completion of the Initial business Combination. 

Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the registered
holder to purchase one share of the Class A common stock at a price of per share, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months
from the closing of the IPO or 30 days after the completion of the Initial business Combination. The Private Placement Warrants will expire
 five years after the completion of the Initial business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

15 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

per warrant; 

upon
not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day Redemption Period to each
warrant holder; and 

if,
and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period
ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The Company may not redeem the Private Placement
Warrants when a holder may not exercise such warrants. The Company has established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above
to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing
conditions are satisfied and the Company issues a notice of redemption of the Private Placement Warrants, each warrant holder will be
entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may
fall below the redemption trigger price as well as the warrant exercise price (for whole shares) after the redemption notice
is issued. 

If the Company calls the Private Placement Warrants
for redemption as described above, management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise their warrant to do so
on a cashless basis . In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their Private Placement Warrants on a cashless
basis, the Company will consider, among other factors, the cash position, the number of Private Placement Warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on the stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants. If the Company takes advantage of this option, all holders of the Private Placement Warrants would
pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair
market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

16 

ESH ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

and in money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury
Securities, respectively. Through September 30, 2024, the Company has withdrawn interest income earned from the Trust Account
to pay income and franchise tax obligations. 

17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to ESH Acquisition Corp. References to our
 management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to ESH Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the Initial Business Combination
(as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from
the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the Initial Business
Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings
can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities
law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware on November 17, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate the Initial
Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or
a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an Initial Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from November 17, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, and identifying a target company for the Initial Business Combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 1,059,413 , which consists of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 1,588,812, offset by
operating costs of 156,771, provision for income taxes of 322,628, and franchise tax expense of 50,000. 

18 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net income of 898,220, which consists of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 1,522,943, offset by operating
costs of 192,915, provision for income taxes of 381,808, and franchise tax expense of 50,000. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 3,218,561, which consists of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 4,724,702, offset by
operating costs of 550,758, provision for income taxes of 804,765, and franchise tax expense of 150,618. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net income of 910,249, which consists of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 1,700,010, offset by operating
costs of 235,785, provision for income taxes of 401,037, and franchise tax expense of 152,939. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On June 16, 2023, we consummated the IPO of 11,500,000
Units at 10.00 per Unit, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 1,500,000
Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 115,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale
of 7,470,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, in a private placement to the Sponsor and I-Bankers Securities,
Inc. and Dawson James, generating gross proceeds of 7,470,000. 

Following the IPO, the full exercise of the over-allotment
option, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 116,725,000 10.15 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. We
incurred 5,368,092 in IPO related costs, consisting of 2,300,000 of cash underwriting discount, 2,239,466 fair value of Representative
Shares, and 828,626 of other offering costs. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
cash used in operating activities was 1,183,275. Net income of 3,218,561 was affected by interest earned on investments held in the
Trust Account of 4,724,702. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 322,866 of cash for operating activities. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
cash used in operating activities was 707,205. Net income of 910,249 was affected by interest earned on investments held in the Trust
Account of 1,700,010. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 82,556 of cash for operating activities. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had investments held
in the Trust Account of 123,794,068 (including 7,069,068 of interest income) consisting of U.S. Treasury securities. Interest income
on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through September 30, 2024, we have withdrawn 931,000 interest earned
from the Trust Account of which 843,149 was used to pay taxes. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete
the Initial Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete
the Initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 1,460,218.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate
and complete the Initial Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with the Initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors
or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete the Initial Business Combination,
we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the Initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

19 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating the Initial Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary
to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to the Initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may
need to obtain additional financing either to complete the Initial Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant
number of our Public Shares upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or
incur debt in connection with such Initial Business Combination. 

We have determined that mandatory liquidation,
should the Initial Business Combination not occur by December 16, 2024, and potential subsequent dissolution, raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time which is considered to be one year from the date of the
issuance of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded
assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of one of our officers
a monthly fee of 5,000 for office space, utilities, secretarial support and other administrative and consulting services. We began incurring
these fees on June 13, 2023 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Initial Business
Combination and our liquidation. 

In addition, the Sponsor, executive officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential partner businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Initial Business
Combinations. Any such payments prior to an Initial Business Combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. 

The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of 0.20 per unit, or 2.3 million in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing of the IPO. 

We entered into an Initial Business Combination
marketing agreement (the Marketing Agreement with the underwriters, I-Bankers and Dawson James, to assist us in
holding meetings with the stockholders to discuss the potential Initial Business Combination and the target business attributes,
introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities in connection with the Initial Business Combination,
assist us in obtaining stockholder approval for the Initial Business Combination and assist us with its press releases and public filings
in connection with the Initial Business Combination. Pursuant to the Marketing Agreement, we will pay I-Bankers and Dawson James, collectively,
3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 4.03 million in the aggregate (the Marketing Fee ). The Marketing Fee will
become payable to I-Bankers and Dawson James from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete an Initial
Business Combination with a target introduced to us by I-Bankers. 

20 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. As of September 30, 2024, we have not identified any critical accounting policies,
while we have identified a critical accounting estimate below: 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class A common stock subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are within the control
of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified in temporary
equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock features certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 11,500,000 shares of Class A common stock are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside
of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption amounts to 122,820,627 and 119,068,570, respectively. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our unaudited condensed financial
statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed
by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

21 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this report include the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. As
of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On June 16, 2023, we consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 11,500,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 1,500,000
Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 115,000,000. I-Bankers Securities, Inc and IB Capital LLC acted as joint
book-running managers, with Dawson James Securities, Inc. acting as co-manager of the Initial Public Offering. The securities in the offering
were registered under the Securities Act on registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-265226). The Securities and Exchange Commission
declared the registration statements effective on June 13, 2023. 

Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor, I-Bankers Securities, Inc. and Dawson James, consummated the private placement warrants of an aggregate
of 7,470,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating total proceeds of 7,470,000. Each Unit consists of one share of Class
A common stock and one right. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A common stock at a price
of 11.50 per share. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option and the Private Placement Warrants, an aggregate of 116,725,000 was placed
in the Trust Account. 

We incurred transaction costs amounting to 5,368,092
consisting of 2,300,000 of cash underwriting discount, 2,239,466 fair value of representative shares, and 828,626 of other offering
costs. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, no director or Section 16 officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements
(in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation-S-K). 

22 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and among the Company, I-Bankers and Dawson James. (1) 
 
 1.2 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and among the Company, I-Bankers and Dawson James Securities, Inc. (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 By-Laws of ESH Acquisition Corp. (2) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and between the Company and CST (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and between CST and the Company. (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and between CST and the Company. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration and Rights Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, I-Bankers and Dawson James. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, I-Bankers and Dawson James. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and between the Company and James Franics. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and between the Company and Jonathan Morris. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and between the Company and Thomas Wolber. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and between the Company and Jonathan Gordon. (1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and between the Company and Christina Francis. (1) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and between the Company and Christopher Ackerley. (1) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and between the Company and Allen Weiss. (1) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated June 13, 2023, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, I-Bankers, Dawson James and the Company s officers and directors. (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File 

Filed
herewith. 

(1) Previously
filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2023 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(2) Previously
filed as an exhibit to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2023 and incorporated by reference herein. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ESH
 Acquisition Corp. 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 James Francis 

Name: 
 James
 Francis 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jonathan Morris 

Name: 
 Jonathan Morris 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022035201ex31-1_eshacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, James Francis, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ESH Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ James Francis 

James Francis 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022035201ex31-2_eshacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jonathan Morris, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ESH Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/
 Jonathan Morris 

Jonathan
 Morris 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022035201ex32-1_eshacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of ESH
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, James Francis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 

/s/ James Francis 

James Francis 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022035201ex32-2_eshacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of ESH
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jonathan Morris, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Jonathan Morris 

Jonathan Morris 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 eshau-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 eshau-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 eshau-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 eshau-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 eshau-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

