<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1944048_0001944048-24-000152.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11207224</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>165555</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1729405</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4441418</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2391027</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2208955</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001944048-24-000152.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107160211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001944048-24-000152
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240929
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kenvue Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001944048
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				881032011
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41697
		FILM NUMBER:		241435405

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		199 GRANDVIEW ROAD
		CITY:			SKILLMAN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08558
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-874-1200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		199 GRANDVIEW ROAD
		CITY:			SKILLMAN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08558

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JNTL, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220825

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001944048-24-000152.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 kvue-20240929.htm
 10-Q

kvue-20240929 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name on each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 On November 1, 2024, shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value, were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 63 
 Part II Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 64 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 64 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 64 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 64 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 65 
 Signatures 
 66 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Kenvue Inc. s Kenvue, the Company or we other publicly available documents contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and reflect management s assumptions, views, plans, objectives, and projections about the future. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as plans, expects, will, anticipates, estimates, and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other things: discussions of future operations expected operating results and financial performance impact of planned acquisitions and dispositions our strategy for growth and cost savings product development activities regulatory approvals market position; expenditures; and the effects of the Separation (as defined in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) on our business. 
 Because forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions regarding future events, they are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. You should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our actual results and financial condition could vary materially from expectations and projections expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to: 
 Our ability to expand globally, implement our digital-first approach, and respond appropriately to competitive pressure, including pressure from private-label brands and generic non-branded products, market trends, increased costs, and customer and consumer preferences; 
 The rapidly changing retail landscape, including our dependence on key retailers, policies of our retail trade customers, the emergence of e-commerce and other alternative retail channels, and challenges with innovation and research and development; 
 Product reliability, safety, and/or efficacy concerns, whether or not based on scientific or factual evidence, potentially resulting in governmental investigations, regulatory action (including, but not limited to, the shutdown of manufacturing facilities, product relabeling or withdrawal of product from the market), private claims and lawsuits, significant remediation and related costs, safety alerts, product shortages, product recalls, declining sales, reputational damage, and share price impact 
 The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities from the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative (as defined in Note 16, Restructuring Expenses and Operating Model Optimization Initiatives, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) or any other planned or completed restructuring or cost-saving initiative, acquisition, or divestiture may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected 
 Our ability to establish, maintain, protect, and enforce intellectual property rights, as well as address the threats of counterfeit products, infringement of our intellectual property, and other unauthorized versions of our products; 
 Allegations that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties; 
 The impact of negative publicity and failed marketing efforts; 
 Difficulties and delays in manufacturing, internally or within the supply chain, that may lead to business interruptions, product shortages, withdrawals or suspensions of products from the market, and potential regulatory action 
 Our reliance on third-party relationships, global supply chains, and production and distribution processes, which may adversely affect supply, sourcing, and pricing of materials used in our products, and impact our ability to forecast product demand; 
 Interruptions, breakdowns, invasions, corruptions, destruction, and breaches of our information technology systems or those of a third party; 
 The potential for labor disputes, strikes, work stoppages, and similar labor relations matters, and the impact of minimum wage increases; 
 Our ability to attract and retain talented, highly skilled employees and a diverse workforce, and to implement succession plans for our senior management; 
 Climate change, extreme weather, and natural disasters, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change; 
 The impact of increasing scrutiny and rapidly evolving expectations from stakeholders regarding environmental, social, and governance matters; 
 The potential for insurance to be unavailable or insufficient to cover losses we may incur; 
 3 

Legal proceedings related to talc or talc-containing products, such as Johnson s Baby Powder, sold outside the United States and Canada and other risks and uncertainties related to talc or talc-containing products, including our former parent Johnson Johnson s J J ability to fully satisfy its obligation to indemnify us in the United States and Canada for the Talc-Related Liabilities (as defined in Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein); 
 The impact of legal proceedings and the uncertainty of their outcome, whether or not we believe they have merit 
 Changes to applicable laws, regulations, policies, and related interpretations; 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations, increased audit scrutiny by tax authorities and exposures to additional tax liabilities potentially in excess of existing reserves 
 The impact of inflation and fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates 
 Potential changes in export/import and trade laws, regulations, and policies 
 The impact of a natural disaster, catastrophe, epidemic, pandemic, and global tension, including armed conflict such as the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the military conflicts in the Middle East, or other event; 
 The impact of impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets; 
 Our ability to access credit markets and maintain satisfactory credit ratings; 
 Our ability to achieve the expected benefits of the Separation from J J and related transactions; 
 Certain J J executive officers continuing to serve as our directors, which may create conflicts of interest or the appearance thereof; 
 Restrictions on our business, potential tax and indemnification liabilities and substantial charges in connection with the Separation and related transactions; 
 Failure of our rebranding efforts in connection with the Separation to achieve market acceptance, and the impact of our continued use of legacy J J branding, including the Johnson s brand; and 
 Our substantial indebtedness, including the restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements. 
 Additional information about these factors and about the material factors or assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements may be found under the sections entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal twelve months ended December 31, 2023 filed on March 1, 2024 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in our other filings with the SEC. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and you should not consider the risks described above to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. We do not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information or future events or developments, except as required by law. 
 4 

Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 KENVUE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Data; Shares in Thousands) 
 September 29, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables, less allowances for credit losses and as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other receivables Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred taxes on income Other assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity 
 Current liabilities Loans and notes payable Accounts payable Accrued liabilities 
 Accrued rebates, returns, and promotions Accrued taxes on income Total current liabilities Employee-related obligations 
 Long-term debt Deferred taxes on income Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 29, 2024, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, and shares at cost as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity Total Liabilities and Equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

KENVUE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions, Except Per Share Data; Shares in Millions) 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended Fiscal Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Restructuring expenses 
 Impairment charges 
 Other operating expense (income), net ) Operating income Other (income) expense, net ) Interest expense, net Income before taxes Provision for taxes Net income Net income per share Basic Diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

KENVUE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions) 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended Fiscal Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes Foreign currency translation 
 ) ) Employee benefit plans 
 ) ) Derivatives and hedges 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

KENVUE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions; Shares in Thousands) 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, June 30, 2024 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends on common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under the Kenvue 2023 Plan, net 
 Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Separation-related adjustments 
 ) ) Balance, September 29, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended October 1, 2023 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity Shares Amount Balance, July 2, 2023 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends on common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under the Kenvue 2023 Plan, net 
 Separation-related adjustments ) ) Balance, October 1, 2023 
 ) 
 
 Fiscal Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Cash dividends on common stock ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock under the Kenvue 2023 Plan, net 
 Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Separation-related adjustments 
 ) ) Balance, September 29, 2024 
 ) ) 
 
 8 

Fiscal Nine Months Ended October 1, 2023 (1) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Net Investment from J J Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Equity Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2023 
 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Cash dividends on common stock ) ) Net transfers to J J ) ) Stock-based compensation Distribution to J J in connection with the Separation ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with the Kenvue IPO 
 Issuance of common stock under the Kenvue 2023 Plan, net 
 Reclassification of Net Investment from J J ) Separation-related adjustments ) ) ) Balance, October 1, 2023 
 ) 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 9 

KENVUE INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions) 
 Fiscal Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash flows from operating activities Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Impairment charges 
 Other ) Net changes in assets and liabilities Trade receivables ) ) Inventories Other current and non-current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 ) Employee related obligations Accrued taxes on income 
 ) Other liabilities ) Net cash flows from operating activities Cash flows used in investing activities Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Transfer of funds to J J pursuant to the Facility Agreement 
 ) Proceeds from J J upon repayment of the Facility Agreement Proceeds from sale of assets Other investing activities Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows used in financing activities Proceeds from (payments of) loans and notes payables ) Proceeds from Commercial Paper Program, net of issuance cost Proceeds from issuance of Senior Notes, net of issuance cost Proceeds from Kenvue IPO, net Distribution to J J in connection with the Separation 
 ) Dividends paid ) ) Net transfers to J J ) Purchases of treasury shares 
 ) Other financing activities ) Net cash flows used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 10 

KENVUE INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 

business segments: Self Care, Skin Health and Beauty, and Essential Health. The Self Care segment includes a broad product range such as pain care; cough, cold, and allergy; digestive health; smoking cessation; eye care; and other products. The Skin Health and Beauty segment is focused on face and body care, as well as hair, sun, and other products. The Essential Health segment includes oral care, baby care, women s health, wound care, and other products. 
 
 Kenvue was initially formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson Johnson J J ). In November 2021, J J announced its intention to separate its Consumer Health segment (the Consumer Health Business into a new, publicly traded company (the Separation ). Prior to the Kenvue IPO (as defined below), the Company primarily represented J J s Consumer Health Business. The Company also included certain other product lines previously reported in another segment of J J. On April 4, 2023, in connection with the Separation, J J completed in all material respects the transfer of the assets and liabilities of the Consumer Health Business to the Company and its subsidiaries (such transfer, the Consumer Health Business Transfer ), other than the transfer of certain Deferred Local Businesses (as defined below in Variable Interest Entities and Net Economic Benefit Arrangements ). 
 
 On May 3, 2023, the registration statement related to the initial public offering of Kenvue s common stock was declared effective, and on May 4, 2023, Kenvue s common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol KVUE (the Kenvue IPO ). 
 
 On May 8, 2023, the Kenvue IPO was completed through the sale of shares of common stock, par value per share, including the underwriters full exercise of their option to purchase shares to cover over-allotments, at an initial public offering price of per share for net proceeds of billion after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million. On May 8, 2023, in conjunction with the Consumer Health Business Transfer, the Company distributed billion to J J from 1) the net proceeds received from the sale of the common stock in the Kenvue IPO, 2) the net proceeds received from the Debt Financing Transactions as defined in Note 4, Borrowings Commercial Paper Program, and 3) any cash and cash equivalents in excess of the billion retained by the Company immediately following the Kenvue IPO. As of the closing of the Kenvue IPO, J J owned shares of Kenvue common stock, or approximately of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock. 
 
 On July 24, 2023, J J announced an exchange offer (the Exchange Offer under which its shareholders could exchange shares of J J common stock for shares of Kenvue common stock owned by J J. On August 23, 2023, J J completed the Exchange Offer through which J J accepted an aggregate of shares of J J common stock in exchange for shares of Kenvue common stock, representing approximately of Kenvue s outstanding common stock as of August 23, 2023. As a result, Kenvue became a fully independent company, and as of the completion of the Exchange Offer, J J owned approximately of the outstanding shares of Kenvue common stock. 
 
 On May 17, 2024, J J completed an additional exchange offer (the Debt for Equity Exchange through which J J exchanged indebtedness of J J for shares of Kenvue common stock owned by J J. Following the completion of the Debt for Equity Exchange, J J no longer owned any shares of Kenvue common stock. 

11 

million, including the million million net of tax) related to certain cloud computing arrangements described below. This amount did not have an impact on the operating results for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024. The Company concluded that these adjustments were not material to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for either the current period or prior periods. 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet reflects an adjustment for a change in classification from Property, plant, and equipment, net of million to Other assets and Additional paid-in capital of million and million, respectively, related to certain cloud computing arrangements, net of amortization of million. The Company concluded that this adjustment was not material to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for either the current period or prior periods. 

12 

) Provision ) ) Utilization Currency translation adjustment Allowance for credit losses, end of period ) ) 
 
 Separation-Related Costs 
 
 The Company and J J incurred certain non-recurring separation-related costs in the establishment of Kenvue as a standalone public company Separation-related costs ). Costs incurred by the Company and those costs that were incurred by J J prior to April 4, 2023 determined to be for the benefit of the Company were included in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. These Separation-related costs were million and million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. The Separation-related costs are included within Cost of sales and Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Research and development costs were million and million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. 

13 

Operating Lease Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Total ROU assets 
 Lease liabilities included in: Accrued liabilities 
 Other liabilities 
 Total lease liabilities 
 (1) Includes leases with J J of million of ROU assets, million of current lease liabilities, and million of non-current lease liabilities. 
 (2) Includes leases with J J of million of ROU assets, million of current lease liabilities, and million of non-current lease liabilities. 
 
 Global Headquarters Lease 
 
 On April 20, 2023, the Company entered into a long-term lease for a newly renovated corporate office building and a newly constructed research and development building in Summit, New Jersey (the Global Headquarters Lease ). When completed, the campus will encompass approximately square feet and serve as the Company s new global corporate headquarters and research and development center. The Global Headquarters Lease collectively includes the lease associated with the corporate office building (the Corporate Office Lease ), the lease associated with the land where the research and development building will be constructed (the State-of-the-Art Lab Facility Lease ), and the lease associated with land to be used for amenities (the Amenities Lease ). The relocation to this campus is expected to begin in the first fiscal quarter of 2025 for the corporate office building and continue through 2026 for the new research and development building. The Company will continue operating from its interim corporate headquarters in Skillman, New Jersey, until that time. 
 
 The Corporate Office Lease and the State-of-the-Art Lab Facility Lease, each accounted for as a finance lease, commenced in January 2024 and May 2024, respectively. Each lease includes an initial term of years as well as renewal options, which the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, that will extend the term of each lease through 2060. Each finance lease liability was calculated utilizing an incremental borrowing rate of to discount lease payments over the expected term. 
 
 The Amenities Lease is expected to commence in January 2026. 
 
 Lease liabilities included in: Long-term debt 

14 

Skillman fixed asset impairment (2) 
 Other asset impairment (3) 
 Impairment charges 
 
 (1) Represents the impairment charge recognized during the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024 in relation to Dr.Ci:Labo long-lived assets. See Dr.Ci:Labo Asset Impairment below and Note 3, Intangible Assets and Goodwill, for more information. 
 (2) Represents the impairment charge recorded during the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024 on the held for sale asset associated with the Company s interim corporate headquarters in Skillman, New Jersey. See Assets Held for Sale below. 
 (3) Represents the impairment charge recognized during the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024 related to certain software development assets. 
 
 impairment charges were recognized during the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024. 

million recognized in the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024, of which million related to definite-lived intangible assets and million related to property, plant, and equipment. Following the impairment charge, the carrying value of the Dr.Ci:Labo asset group was million. 
 
 The Company estimated the fair value of the definite-lived intangible assets within the Dr.Ci:Labo asset group based on an income approach using the relief-from-royalty method. This valuation required significant judgments and estimates by management regarding several key inputs, including future cash flows consistent with management s plans, sales growth rates, the selection of royalty rates, and a discount rate. The Company selected the assumptions used in the financial forecasts of cash flows specific to the remaining useful lives of the trademarks ranging from six to years using historical data, supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions and estimated growth rates. The Company utilized a discount rate of . As the fair value measurements were based on significant inputs not observable in the market, they represented Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. 

15 

million. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge equivalent to that amount within Other operating expense (income), net in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024. The fair value of the held for sale asset was determined utilizing third-party sales pricing as an input. The inputs utilized in the analysis are classified as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The Company recorded the remaining asset held for sale balance related to the Skillman, New Jersey facility within Other current assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 29, 2024. 

days), are not affected by a participating supplier s decision to participate in the program. As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s Accounts payable balances included million and million, respectively, related to invoices from suppliers participating in the supplier finance program. 

The Company determined that certain Deferred Local Businesses that are legal entities Deferred Legal Entities are VIEs for which Kenvue is the primary beneficiary, since Kenvue has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact such Deferred Legal Entities economic performance, as well as to obtain all the economic benefits and losses of such entities. These significant activities include, but are not limited to, product pricing, marketing and sales strategy, supply chain strategy, material supply and vendor management, budget planning, and labor and overhead management. Accordingly, the assets and liabilities of these entities are recognized on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at their historical carrying amounts as of the date when the Company entered into the arrangement, since the primary beneficiary of the VIEs and the VIEs themselves were under common control. Additionally, the results of the operations and cash flows are included within the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 16 

Trade receivables, less allowances for credit losses 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other receivables Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Deferred taxes on income Other assets Total assets Liabilities 
 Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities 
 Accrued rebates, returns, and promotions Total current liabilities Total liabilities 
 
 The Company recognized Net income of million and million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, related to the Deferred Legal Entities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The Company recognized a net payable to J J of million in relation to the net economic benefit arrangements as of September 29, 2024 on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company recognized Net income of million and million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, in relation to the net economic benefit arrangements in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

17 

No other new accounting standards that were issued or became effective during the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 had, or are expected to have, a significant impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. 
 
 Goods in process Finished goods Total inventories 
 
 18 

3. 
 
 ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Other intangibles ) ) Total definite-lived intangible assets ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trademarks Other Total intangible assets, net ) ) 
 
 Gross carrying amount changes for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 were primarily driven by the impact of million in intangible asset impairments, of which million related to impairment charges recognized in relation to Dr.Ci:Labo definite-lived intangible assets, including trademarks and other intangibles, as described in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Impairment Charges. The change was further driven by the impact of currency translations. 
 
 intangible asset impairments were recognized for both the fiscal three and nine months ended October 1, 2023. 
 
 Amortization expense for the Company s amortizable assets, which is included in Cost of sales, was million and million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Currency translation 
 Goodwill as of September 29, 2024 

19 

4. 
 
 Senior Notes due 2025 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2030 
 Senior Notes due 2033 
 Senior Notes due 2043 
 Senior Notes due 2053 
 Senior Notes due 2063 
 Other (1) 
 Discounts and debt issuance costs ) ) Total 
 Less: Current portion of long-term debt principal amount 
 ) Total long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt principal amount 
 Commercial paper Discounts and debt issuance costs ) ) Other 
 Total loans and notes payable Total debt 
 (1) As of September 29, 2024, Other includes million of finance lease liabilities associated with the Global Headquarters Lease. See Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Leases, for more information. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 On March 22, 2023, the Company issued series of senior unsecured notes (the Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount of billion. The net proceeds to the Company from the Senior Notes were approximately billion after deductions of discounts and issuance costs of million. Upon release from escrow, these funds were loaned to J J through a facility agreement (the Facility Agreement dated April 5, 2023. See Facility Agreement below for additional details. 
 
 The Company s Senior Notes are governed by an indenture and supplemental indenture between the Company and a trustee (collectively, the Indenture ). The Indenture contains certain covenants, including limitations on the Company and certain of its subsidiaries ability to incur liens or engage in certain sale leaseback transactions. The Indenture also contains restrictions on the Company s ability to consolidate, merge, or sell substantially all of its assets. In addition, the Indenture contains other customary terms, including certain events of default, upon the occurrence of which the Senior Notes may be declared immediately due and payable. 
 
 Commercial Paper Program 
 
 On March 3, 2023, the Company entered into a commercial paper program (the Commercial Paper Program ). The Company s Board of Directors has authorized the issuance of up to billion in an aggregate principal amount of commercial paper under the Commercial Paper Program. Any such issuance will mature within days from date of issue. The Commercial Paper Program contains representations and warranties, covenants, and defaults that are customary for this type of financing. The commercial paper notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program are unsecured notes ranking at least pari passu with all of the Company s other senior unsecured indebtedness. 
 
 Prior to the Kenvue IPO, the Company issued billion under its Commercial Paper Program which, collectively with the Senior Notes, are referred to as the Debt Financing Transactions. As of September 29, 2024, the Company had million of outstanding balances under its Commercial Paper Program, net of a related discount of million. As of December 31, 2023, 
 20 

million of outstanding balances under its Commercial Paper Program, net of a related discount of million. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On March 6, 2023, the Company entered into a credit agreement providing for a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of billion to be made available in U.S. dollars and Euros. As of both September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding balances under its Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Facility Agreement 
 
 On April 5, 2023, the Company and J J entered into the Facility Agreement, allowing the Company to lend the proceeds from the issuance of debt (including commercial paper) in an aggregate amount of billion to J J. 
 
 Upon completion of the Kenvue IPO on May 8, 2023, the Facility Agreement was terminated and the balance of the loans, and all accrued interest, were repaid by J J for a total cash inflow of billion. The Company earned interest income of million for the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023 in relation to the Facility Agreement. The Company remitted this cash back to J J as a distribution in connection with the Separation. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest income (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total interest expense, net 
 (1) Includes interest income of million for the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023 recognized in relation to the Facility Agreement. 
 
 Fair Value of Debt 
 
 The Company s debt was recorded at the carrying amount. The estimated fair value of the Company s Senior Notes was billion as of September 29, 2024. Fair value was estimated using market prices using quoted prices in active markets which would be considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The carrying value of the commercial paper notes approximated the fair value as of September 29, 2024 due to the nature and short-term duration of the instrument. 
 
 Compliance with Covenants 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all debt covenants, and no default or event of default has occurred. 
 
 21 

5. 
 
 Interest cost Amortization of loss (gain) ) ) Special events 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Total net periodic benefit cost 

The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is presented in the same line items in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations where other employee compensation costs are reported, including Cost of sales and Selling, general, and administrative expenses. All other components of net periodic benefit costs are presented as part of Other (income) expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023, the Company converted a defined benefit plan to a defined contribution plan, which resulted in a settlement loss of million, partially offset by a curtailment gain of million. The net balance is disclosed in Special events within Net periodic benefit cost. 
 
 Participation in J J Plans 
 
 J J has defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions. J J also provides medical benefits, principally to its U.S. retirees and their dependents through its other postretirement benefit plans. Prior to the Separation, the Company s employees participated in J J s defined benefit pension plans, which were accounted for as multiemployer plans, and assets and liabilities associated with these plans were not reflected on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. After the Separation, the Company no longer had any multiemployer plans, as they were all converted to a multiple employer pension plan or a single-employer pension plan. The Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal three and nine months ended October 1, 2023 include expense allocations for these benefits, which were determined using a proportional allocation method. Total benefit plan expense allocated to the Company amounted to million and million for the fiscal three and nine months ended October 1, 2023, respectively. 
 
 In connection with the completion of the Separation, J J transferred certain pension plans to the Company during the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023, resulting in the transfer of net pension assets of million and net pension liabilities of million. 
 
 22 

6. 
 
 Accrued compensation and benefits Operating lease liabilities 
 Tax indemnification liability (1) 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Total accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 
 Tax indemnification liability (1) 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Total other liabilities 
 
 (1) The balances primarily relate to the Tax Matters Agreement (as defined in Note 9, Relationship with J J Tax Indemnification entered into with J J on May 3, 2023 that governs the parties respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, the preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax proceedings, and other matters regarding taxes. See Note 9, Relationship with J J Tax Indemnification, for more information. 
 
 23 

7. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified to the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 ) ) Net current period Other comprehensive income (loss) ) September 29, 2024 ) ) ) July 2, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified to the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 ) ) ) Net current period Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) October 1, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (1) For the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, the Company recorded a total after-tax change in Accumulated other comprehensive loss of million and ) million, respectively, related to its cash flow hedge portfolio. 
 
 24 

) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified to the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 ) ) Net current period Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) September 29, 2024 ) ) ) January 1, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified to the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 ) ) ) Net current period Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) October 1, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (1) Net change for the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023 includes Separation adjustments of million in connection with transfers of certain pension plans by J J to the Company. 
 (2) For the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, the Company recorded a total after-tax change in Accumulated other comprehensive loss of ) million and million, respectively, related to its cash flow hedge portfolio. 
 
 Amounts in Accumulated other comprehensive loss are presented net of the related tax impact. Foreign currency translation is not adjusted for income taxes where it relates to permanent investments in international operations. For additional details on comprehensive income, see the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. ) ) ) Employee benefit plans 
 ) Gain on derivatives and hedges 
 ) Total (benefit) for taxes recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 

The provision (benefit) for taxes allocated to the reclassifications from Accumulated other comprehensive loss to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations was not significant for both the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. 
 
 25 

8. 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses Total stock-based compensation expense 

The increase in stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the prior fiscal periods was primarily driven by the deemed cancelation of stock options, PSUs, and RSUs granted under J J s long-term incentive plans prior to the Conversion Date that had not yet vested which resulted in a one-time reversal of million of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense in the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023. The increase was also driven by a higher grant date fair value and shorter expense attribution period of the converted Kenvue stock-based awards outstanding in the current fiscal periods as compared to stock-based awards outstanding in the prior fiscal periods, which were granted under J J s long-term incentive plans prior to the Conversion Date, as well as the grant of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 15, Segments of Business Segment Net Sales and Segment Adjusted Operating Income on October 2, 2023, and stock options, RSUs, and PSUs awarded as part of the annual grant of stock-based awards under the Kenvue 2023 Plan that occurred during the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 
 Grant activity for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 primarily relates to stock options, RSUs, and PSUs awarded as part of the annual grant of stock-based awards under the Kenvue 2023 Plan that occurred during the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 
 There was no significant grant activity during the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 There was no significant activity related to the granting of stock options during the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 During the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company granted stock options. The stock options expire years from the grant date and vest over service periods that range from to . 
 
 26 

. The grant date fair value of each stock option is estimated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The weighted average assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of stock options granted during the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024 were as follows: 
 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended March 31, 2024 Expected volatility (1) 
 Expected dividend yield (2) 
 Risk-free rate (3) 
 Expected term (4) 
 years 
 (1) Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of a selected group of the Company s peers and other factors. 
 (2) Expected dividend yield is calculated using the assumed dividend payout per common share as a percentage of the average Kenvue common share price for the prior three-month period, which is then annualized. 
 (3) Risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect as of the grant date for options granted. 
 (4) Given the lack of trading history of Kenvue common stock as of the time of valuation, the expected term is calculated as the average of the vesting periods and the contractual terms of the stock options. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units 
 
 There was no significant activity related to the granting of RSUs or PSUs during the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 During the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company granted RSUs which vest over service periods that range from to . The weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs granted during the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024 was . The grant date fair value of RSUs granted is equivalent to the close price of Kenvue common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the grant date. All RSUs granted have dividend participation rights during the vesting period. 
 
 During the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company granted PSUs which are paid in shares of Kenvue s common stock after the end of a performance period. The vesting of PSUs is tied to the completion of a service period and the achievement, over a period, of specified performance metrics as well as the relative total shareholder return for Kenvue common stock. The number of shares earned at the end of the performance period will vary, based on actual performance, from to of the target number of PSUs granted. The grant date fair value of each PSU, inclusive of the fair value associated with the achievement of the specified performance metrics and the relative total shareholder return goal, was estimated on the grant date using a Monte Carlo valuation model. The weighted average grant date fair value of PSUs granted during the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024 was . During the performance period, stock-based compensation expense for the PSUs will be adjusted based on the Company s best estimate of achievement of the specified performance metrics. The cumulative effect on current and prior periods of a change in the estimated number of PSUs that are expected to be earned will be recognized as an adjustment to stock-based compensation expense in the period of the adjustment. 

9. 
 
 27 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses Total costs allocated 

Management believes these cost allocations are a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to, or the benefit derived by, the Company during the period presented. The allocations may not, however, be indicative of the actual expenses that would have been incurred had the Company operated as a standalone public company. Actual costs that may have been incurred if the Company had been a standalone public company would depend on a number of factors, including the chosen organizational structure, whether functions were outsourced or performed by the Company s employees, and strategic decisions made in areas such as manufacturing, selling and marketing, research and development, information technology, and infrastructure. No allocations were made subsequent to the fiscal three months ended July 2, 2023. 
 
 Net Transfers to J J 
 
 Net transfers to J J are included in Net investment from J J in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity and within financing activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and represent the net effect of transactions between the Company and J J. No transactions were recorded in Net transfers to J J subsequent to the fiscal three months ended July 2, 2023. Corporate cost allocations Taxes deemed settled with J J 
 Net transfers to J J as reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 ) Other 
 ) Net transfers to J J as reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity 
 ) 
 
 Transactions with J J, Including the Separation Agreement 
 
 In connection with the Separation, Kenvue entered into various agreements with J J, including the Separation Agreement. In connection with the terms of the Separation Agreement, certain assets and liabilities included on the pre-Separation balance sheet were retained by J J and certain assets and liabilities not included on the pre-Separation balance sheet were transferred to Kenvue. Separation-related adjustments have been recognized in Net investment from J J, the net impact of which resulted in an increase in net assets and total equity by million for the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023. The impact on net assets primarily represents 1) recognition of balances with J J including indemnification matters, 2) changes to income tax assets and liabilities as a result of change in the basis of presentation, 3) contribution of certain liabilities including pension and employee-related obligations from J J, 4) the retention of assets and liabilities by J J of certain Deferred Local Businesses (as defined in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Variable Interest Entities 
 28 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 Other assets Other liabilities 
 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended Fiscal Nine Months Ended (Dollars in Millions) September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Cost of sales Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 
 29 

million for income and non-income indemnification tax payables and refunds, unrecognized tax benefits and associated interest due to J J as Prepaid expenses and other receivables and Accrued liabilities for current assets and current liabilities, respectively, and to Other assets and Other liabilities for non-current assets and non-current liabilities, respectively, on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 29, 2024. 
 
 Debt Financing Transactions and Kenvue IPO Consideration 
 
 During the fiscal six months ended July 2, 2023, the Company received debt proceeds of approximately billion from the issuance of the Senior Notes and received initial proceeds from its Commercial Paper Program of billion. The Company loaned the total proceeds to J J through the Facility Agreement. Upon the completion of the Kenvue IPO on May 8, 2023, the Facility Agreement was terminated and the balance of the loans, and all accrued interest, were repaid by J J for a total cash inflow of billion. The Company remitted this cash back to J J as a distribution in connection with the Separation. 
 
 30 

10. Royalty income ) ) ) ) Gain on disposal of fixed assets ) Impact of Deferred Markets (1) 
 Contingent liability reversal (2) 
 ) ) Other (3) 
 Total other operating expense (income), net ) 
 (1) Includes the provision for taxes, minority interest expense, and service fees to be paid to J J under the net economic benefit arrangements. See Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Variable Interest Entities and Net Economic Benefit Arrangements, for more information regarding Deferred Markets. 
 (2) Includes the reversal of a contingent liability that was no longer considered to be probable. 
 (3) Includes impact of foreign derivative contracts, pension-related, and other miscellaneous operating (income) expenses. 
 
 ) Losses on investments Tax indemnification release (1) 
 ) ) Other (2) 
 ) Total other (income) expense, net ) 
 (1) Includes the release of tax indemnification reserves that were no longer considered to be probable. 
 (2) Other consists primarily of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost components and miscellaneous non-operating (income) expenses. 

11. 
 
 and for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, and and for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively. The increase for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023 was primarily the result of changes to the jurisdictional mix of income and shortfall on stock-based compensation recorded during the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, as well as fewer releases of tax reserves due to the expiration of certain statutes of limitations and reduced tax benefits derived from the Separation as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023. The increase for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023 was primarily the result of reduced tax benefits derived from the Separation as compared to the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023, return to provision adjustments and shortfall on stock-based compensation recorded during the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024, as well as changes to the jurisdictional mix of 
 31 

million of liabilities from unrecognized tax benefits. The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries. The Company and J J currently have tax audits in progress in several jurisdictions, which remain open from 2013 and forward. With respect to the United States, per the Tax Matters Agreement between J J and the Company, J J remains liable for all liabilities related to the final settlement of any U.S. federal income tax audits in which the Company is part of J J s federal consolidated return. In other major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the years that remain open to tax audits range from 2015 and forward. The Company believes it is possible that certain tax audits in major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business outside of the United States may be completed over the next 12 months by their respective taxing authorities. However, the Company is not able to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of any future tax payments or the amount of possible changes to the total unrecognized tax benefits associated with any audit closures or other events. The Company classifies liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties as long-term liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as provision for taxes in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, the United States enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ), which, among other things, introduces a 15 minimum tax based on adjusted financial statement income of certain large corporations with a three-year average adjusted financial statement income in excess of 1 billion, an excise tax on corporate stock buybacks, and several tax incentives to promote clean energy. Based on the Company s current analysis, as well as recently published guidance by the U.S. Treasury and by the Internal Revenue Service, the IRA did not have a significant impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact of this law as additional guidance and clarification become available. 
 
 The Company has included the estimated impact of enacted legislation related to the Organization for Economic Co-operation Development s OECD Pillar Two Inclusive Framework in its provision for taxes beginning in the current fiscal year. While the estimated impact is not material, it is possible that further OECD implementation guidance, or legislation in countries in which the Company operates, could have a material effect on the Company s provision for taxes in the future. 

12. 
 
 shares of common stock issued and shares of common stock outstanding as of September 29, 2024. Prior to the completion of the Kenvue IPO, the Company had shares of common stock outstanding, of which shares were issued to J J through a subscription agreement in May 2023. On May 8, 2023, the Kenvue IPO was completed through the sale of shares of common stock, including the underwriters full exercise of their option to purchase shares to cover over-allotments. For all periods prior to the Kenvue IPO, the shares issued through the subscription agreement are being treated akin to shares attributable to a stock split and, as a result, are being retrospectively presented for all of the periods. 
 
 Diluted net income per share is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive equity instruments or equity awards that are outstanding during the period. The Company had and shares during the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024, respectively, and shares during both the fiscal three and nine months ended October 1, 2023 that were determined to be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method and therefore were excluded from the diluted net income per share calculation. For both the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and both the fiscal three and nine months ended October 1, 2023, the majority of anti-dilutive shares related to stock options. There were equity awards of the Company outstanding prior to the Kenvue IPO and dilutive equity instruments of the Company outstanding prior to the Exchange Offer. 
 
 32 

Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding Diluted effects of stock-based awards 
 Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding Net income per share: Basic Diluted 

13. 
 
 Cross currency swap contracts 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities: Forward foreign exchange contracts ) ) ) ) Cross currency swap contracts 
 ) ) ) ) Total liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) Net amount presented in Prepaid expenses and other receivables: Net amount presented in Accounts payable: 
 ) ) ) ) Net amount presented in Other assets: 
 Net amount presented in Other liabilities: 
 ) ) 
 
 33 

million and million, respectively, which were primarily comprised of time deposits and money market funds. 
 
 The carrying amount of Cash and cash equivalents, Trade receivables, Prepaid expenses and other receivables, and Loans and notes payable approximated fair value as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is the aggregation by currency of all future cash flows discounted to its present value at the prevailing market interest rates and subsequently converted to the U.S. dollar at the current spot foreign exchange rate. The cross currency swap contracts are recorded at fair value that is derived from observable market data, including foreign exchange rates and yield curves. 
 
 The fair value of the Company s derivative assets is included in Prepaid expenses and other receivables and Other Assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value of the Company s derivative liabilities is included in Accounts payable and Other liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 during the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and the fiscal twelve months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Fair value hedges Net investment hedges Undesignated hedging instruments 

Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 For the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024, the Company recorded a total after-tax change in Accumulated other comprehensive loss of million and ) million, respectively, related to its cash flow hedge portfolio. For the fiscal three and nine months ended October 1, 2023, the Company recorded a total after-tax change in Accumulated other comprehensive loss of ) million and million, respectively, related to its cash flow hedge portfolio. 
 
 Forward Foreign Exchange Contracts 
 
 In certain jurisdictions, the Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exposures to the variability of foreign exchange rates. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period in earnings or Other comprehensive income (loss), depending on whether the derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction, and if so, the type of hedge transaction. 
 
 Since 2022, the Company has entered into forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge a portion of forecasted cash flows denominated in foreign currency. The terms of these contracts are generally months to months. These contracts are designated as cash flow hedging relationships at the date of contract inception, in accordance with the appropriate accounting guidance. At inception, all designated hedging relationships are expected to be highly effective. These contracts are accounted for using the forward method, and all gains/losses associated with these contracts are recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss). The Company reclassifies the gains and losses related to these contracts at the time the inventory is sold to the customer into Net sales or Cost of sales and Other (income) expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, as applicable. 
 
 The Company expects that substantially all of the amounts related to forward foreign exchange contracts will be reclassified into earnings over the next 12 months as a result of transactions that are expected to occur over that period. The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging transaction exposure is 18 months. The amount ultimately realized in 
 34 

) Gain reclassified from Other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings 
 
 The following table is a summary of the gains and losses reclassified from Other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings related to the forward foreign exchange contracts for the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023: 
 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 (Dollars in Millions) Net sales 
 Cost of sales 
 Other (income) expense, net Net sales 
 Cost of sales 
 Other (income) expense, net (Loss) gain reclassified from Other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings ) 
 
 Fiscal Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 (Dollars in Millions) Net sales 
 Cost of sales 
 Other (income) expense, net Net sales 
 Cost of sales 
 Other (income) expense, net (Loss) gain reclassified from Other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings ) ) ) 
 
 Forward Starting Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 Beginning in the fiscal three months ended January 1, 2023, the Company entered into forward starting interest rate swaps in contemplation of securing long-term financing for the Separation or for other long-term financing purposes in the event the Separation did not occur. The Company designated these derivatives as cash flow hedges to reduce future interest rate exposure related to changes in the benchmark interest rate on forecasted , , and bonds that the Company issued in 2023. During the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023, the Company recorded a gain of million in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, of which million was related to the settlement of its forward starting interest rate swaps upon the issuance of the forecasted debt. The million gain in Accumulated other comprehensive loss will be amortized and recorded in Interest expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations over the life of the , , and bonds. For the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, the amounts reclassified from Other comprehensive income (loss) to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations were not significant. 
 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 
 Forward Foreign Exchange Contracts 
 
 Beginning in the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company entered into forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge against the risk of changes in the fair value of foreign-denominated intercompany debt attributable to foreign exchange 
 35 

million in the period of inception, and the Excluded Net Investment Hedge Components on Cross Currency Swap Contracts associated with the net investment hedge entered into during the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024 had an initial value of ) million in the period of inception. The changes in fair value attributable to the Excluded Net Investment Hedge Components on Cross Currency Swap Contracts are recognized into Interest expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations on a systematic and rational basis through the swap accrual over the life of the hedging instrument. 
 
 36 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 ) ) 
 
 Effectiveness 
 
 On an ongoing basis, the Company assesses whether each derivative continues to be highly effective in offsetting changes of hedged items. When a derivative is no longer expected to be highly effective, hedge accounting is discontinued. 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 Cash flows from derivatives designated in hedging relationships are reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows consistent with the presentation of the hedged item. Cash flows from derivatives that were not accounted for as designated hedging relationships reflect the classification of the cash flows associated with the activities being economically hedged. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 The Company is exposed to the risk of credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to financial instrument contracts; however, nonperformance is considered unlikely and any nonperformance is unlikely to be material as it is the Company s policy to contract with diverse, creditworthy counterparties based upon both strong credit ratings and other credit considerations. The Company has negotiated International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. master agreements with its counterparties, which contain master netting provisions providing the legal right and ability to offset exposures across trades with each counterparty. Given the rights provided by these contracts, the Company presents derivative balances based on its net counterparty exposure. These agreements do not require the posting of collateral. 
 
 Investments in Equity Securities 
 
 The Company measures equity investments without readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. As of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, such investments totaled million and million, respectively, and were included in Other assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

14. 
 
 37 

38 

39 

15. 
 
 40 

reportable business segments: 
 
 Reportable Segments Product Categories Self Care Cough, Cold, and Allergy 
 Pain Care Other Self Care (Digestive Health, Smoking Cessation, Eye Care, and Other) 
 Skin Health and Beauty Face and Body Care Hair, Sun, and Other 
 Essential Health Oral Care Baby Care Other Essential Health (Women s Health, Wound Care, and Other) 

Pain Care Other Self Care Face and Body Care Hair, Sun, and Other 
 Oral Care Baby Care Other Essential Health Total 
 
 Segment Net Sales and Segment Adjusted Operating Income 
 
 Skin Health and Beauty Essential Health Total net sales 

41 

Skin Health and Beauty Essential Health Segment adjusted operating income (1)(2) 
 Reconciliation to Income before taxes 
 Less: Depreciation (3) 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 Separation-related costs 
 Restructuring and operating model optimization initiatives Impairment charges 
 Conversion of stock-based awards (4) 
 ) ) Founder Shares (5) 
 Other operating expense (income), net ) General corporate/unallocated expenses Operating income Other (income) expense, net ) Interest expense, net 
 Income before taxes 
 (1) Effective in the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, the Company adjusted the allocation for certain brand marketing expenses within Selling, general, and administrative expenses to align with segment financial results as measured by the Company, including the CODM. Accordingly, the Company has updated its segment disclosures to reflect the updated presentation in all prior periods. Total Adjusted operating income did not change as a result of this update. 
 (2) Effective in the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company adjusted the allocation for certain Research and development costs within Selling, general, and administrative expenses to align with segment financial results as measured by the Company, including the CODM. Accordingly, the Company has updated its segment disclosures to reflect the updated presentation in all prior periods. Total Adjusted operating income did not change as a result of this update. 
 (3) Depreciation includes the amortization of integration and development costs capitalized in connection with cloud computing arrangements. 
 (4) Segment adjusted operating income excludes the impact of the conversion of stock-based awards that occurred on August 23, 2023. The adjustment represents the net impact of the gain on reversal of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense, offset by stock-based compensation expense recognized in the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 relating to employee services provided prior to the Separation. 
 (5) On August 25, 2023, the Company s Compensation Human Capital Committee approved equity grants to individuals employed by Kenvue as of October 2, 2023 (the Founder Shares ). On October 2, 2023, the Founder Shares were granted to all Kenvue employees in the form of stock options and PSUs to executive officers and either stock options and PSUs or RSUs to non-executive individuals. 

16. 

42 

million, consisting of IT and project-related costs (approximately ), employee-related costs (approximately ), and other implementation costs (approximately ). These charges are expected to be funded primarily through cash flows generated from operations. The Company planned to incur approximately million in pre-tax restructuring expenses and other charges in each of fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2025. The Company currently anticipates lower than expected spend in fiscal year 2024 due to the shift in timing of certain IT and project-related costs to fiscal year 2025 and lower than expected employee-related costs relating to severance spend due to employee redeployment and voluntary exits. 
 
 Certain costs incurred associated with the restructuring activities related to the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative, including one-time termination benefits and employee-related costs, are accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations . The Company recognizes a liability and the related expense for these restructuring costs when the liability is incurred and can be measured. The related expense for these restructuring costs is recorded in the Restructuring expenses line item in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Other charges are recorded in the Cost of sales or Selling, general, and administrative expenses line items in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, as applicable. Segment profit is based on Operating income and management excludes restructuring expenses and other charges associated with the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative in assessing segment financial performance. 
 
 Cost of sales 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 Total pre-tax restructuring expenses and other charges 

The following table summarizes the pre-tax restructuring expenses and other charges incurred by cost type related to the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative during the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and inception to date through September 29, 2024: 
 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended Fiscal Nine Months Ended Inception To Date Through September 29, 2024 
 (Dollars in Millions) September 29, 2024 September 29, 2024 Employee-related costs (1) 
 IT and project-related costs (2) 
 Other implementation costs (3) 
 Total pre-tax restructuring expenses and other charges 
 
 (1) Employee-related costs primarily include severance and other termination benefits. 
 (2) IT and project-related costs primarily include advisory costs to operationalize the initiative. 
 (3) Other implementation costs primarily include costs to terminate contracts, impairments of assets, and other associated costs to exit. 
 
 43 

Charges to earnings 
 Cash payments 
 ) ) ) ) Non-cash charges 
 ) ) Accrued restructuring expenses and other charges as of September 29, 2024 
 
 (1) Employee-related costs primarily include severance and other termination benefits. 
 (2) IT and project-related costs primarily include advisory costs to operationalize the initiative. 
 (3) Other implementation costs primarily include costs to terminate contracts, impairments of assets, and other associated costs to exit. 
 
 44 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions, and projections about our industry, business, and future financial results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal twelve months ended December 31, 2023 filed on March 1, 2024 with the SEC (the Annual Report and the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included herein. 
 
 This discussion should be read in conjunction with our accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of September 29, 2024 and for the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial statements, and our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal twelve months ended December 31, 2023, which are included in the Annual Report. In our opinion, the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal and recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods indicated. All currency amounts are expressed in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted. 

Overview 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 At Kenvue, our purpose is to realize the extraordinary power of everyday care. As a global leader at the intersection of healthcare and consumer goods, we are the world s largest pure-play consumer health company by revenue with 15.4 billion in Net sales in 2023. By combining the power of science with meaningful human insights and digital-first approach, we empower consumers to live healthier lives every day. Trusted by generations, our differentiated portfolio of iconic brands including Tylenol , Neutrogena , Listerine , Johnson s , BAND-AID Brand, Aveeno , Zyrtec , and Nicorette is backed by science and recommended by healthcare professionals, which further reinforces our consumers connections to our brands. 
 
 Our portfolio includes Self Care, Skin Health and Beauty, and Essential Health products, allowing us to connect with consumers globally in their daily rituals and the moments that matter most. 
 
 Our global scale and the breadth of our brand portfolio are complemented by our well-developed capabilities and accelerated through our digital-first approach, allowing us to dynamically capitalize on and respond to current trends impacting our categories and geographic markets. 
 
 With a sole focus on consumer health, our marketing organization operates efficiently by leveraging our precision marketing, e-commerce, and broader digital capabilities to develop unique consumer insights and further enhance the relevance of our brands. Similarly, our research and development organization combines these consumer insights with deep, multi-disciplinary scientific expertise, and engagement with healthcare professionals, to drive innovative new products, solutions, and experiences centered around consumer health. 
 
 Our Business Segments 
 
 We operate our business through the following three reportable business segments: 
 
 Self Care. Our Self Care product categories include: Pain Care; Cough, Cold, and Allergy; and Other Self Care (Digestive Health, Smoking Cessation, Eye Care, and Other). Major brands in the segment include Tylenol , Motrin , Nicorette , Benadryl , Zyrtec , Zarbee s , ORSL TM , Rhinocort , and Calpol . 
 Skin Health and Beauty. Our Skin Health and Beauty product categories include: Face and Body Care; and Hair, Sun, and Other. Major brands in the segment include Neutrogena , Aveeno , Dr.Ci:Labo , OGX , Le Petit Marseillais , Lubriderm , and Rogaine . 
 Essential Health. Our Essential Health product categories include: Oral Care; Baby Care; and Other Essential Health (Women s Health, Wound Care, and Other). Major brands in the segment include Listerine , Johnson s , BAND-AID Brand, Stayfree , o.b. tampons, Carefree , and Desitin . 
 
 45 

For additional information about our three reportable business segments, see Key Factors Affecting Our Results Our Brands and Product Portfolio and Note 15, Segments of Business, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 Separation from Johnson Johnson 
 
 In November 2021, Johnson Johnson J J ), our former parent company, announced its intention to separate its Consumer Health segment (the Consumer Health Business into an independent publicly traded company (the Separation ). Kenvue was incorporated in Delaware in February 2022, as a wholly owned subsidiary of J J, to serve as the ultimate parent company of J J s Consumer Health Business. In April 2023, J J completed the transfer of substantially all of the assets and liabilities of the Consumer Health Business to us and our subsidiaries. In May 2023, we completed an initial public offering (the Kenvue IPO of approximately 10.4 of our outstanding common stock and began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol KVUE. Following the Kenvue IPO, J J owned approximately 89.6 of our outstanding common stock. In July 2023, J J announced an exchange offer (the Exchange Offer under which its shareholders could exchange shares of J J common stock for shares of our common stock owned by J J. In August 2023, J J completed the Exchange Offer and exchanged shares representing approximately 80.1 of our common stock, completing the Separation from J J and transition to being a fully independent public company. In May 2024, J J completed an additional exchange offer (the Debt for Equity Exchange through which J J exchanged indebtedness of J J for shares of our common stock owned by J J. Following the completion of the Debt for Equity Exchange, J J no longer owned any shares of our common stock. 
 
 See Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of the Company and Business Segments, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 We are incurring certain non-recurring separation-related costs in connection with our establishment as a standalone public company (the Separation-related costs ). We expect the Separation-related costs will continue through the first half of fiscal year 2025. For additional information about the Separation, see Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 9, Relationship with J J, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 Relationship with J J 
 
 We have entered into the Separation Agreement and various other agreements with J J for the purpose of effecting the Separation. These agreements provide a framework for our relationship with J J and govern various interim and ongoing relationships between us and J J that follow the completion of the Kenvue IPO. See Note 9, Relationship with J J, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information on these agreements. 
 
 Kenvue Global Headquarters 
 
 On April 20, 2023, we entered into a long-term lease for a newly renovated corporate office building and a newly constructed research and development building in Summit, New Jersey (the Global Headquarters Lease ). When completed, the campus will encompass approximately 290,000 square feet and serve as our new global corporate headquarters and research and development center. The Global Headquarters Lease collectively includes the lease associated with the corporate office building (the Corporate Office Lease ), the lease associated with the land where the research and development building will be constructed (the State-of-the-Art Lab Facility Lease ), and the lease associated with land to be used for amenities (the Amenities Lease ). The relocation to this campus is expected to occur in 2025 for the corporate office building and continue through 2026 for the new research and development building. We will continue operating from our interim corporate headquarters in Skillman, New Jersey, until that time. 
 
 On February 21, 2024, we listed our interim corporate headquarters in Skillman, New Jersey for sale, which met the criteria to be classified as held for sale at that date. For the fiscal three months ended March 31, 2024, an impairment charge of 68 million was recorded on the held for sale asset associated with the interim corporate headquarters in Skillman. See Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Assets Held for Sale, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for more information. 

Key Factors Affecting Our Results 
 
 We believe that our performance and future success depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual Report. 
 46 

Our Brands and Product Portfolio 
 
 We have a world-class, global portfolio of iconic and modern brands, and for over 135 years, we have been making and investing in consumer products that are trusted by generations of consumers. Our business is balanced and resilient with leading brands across categories and geographic markets. Our brands are widely recognized and represent a combination of global powerhouses and regional brands, many of which hold leading positions in their respective categories. Our brands are built for moments that uniquely matter; these moments of care create an emotional connection to our products that creates deep bonds between consumers and our brands. 
 
 Consumers, customers, and third-party partners value and trust the reputation, reliability, and status of our brands and the quality, performance, and functionality of our products, and we believe there are significant opportunities to further increase our category and brand penetration by continuing to deepen our brand relevance and salience across our portfolio, continually earning a place for our products in consumers hearts and homes. 
 
 Increased Competition 
 
 Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace, which, in recent years, has experienced increased retail trade concentration, the emergence of retail buying alliances, the rapid growth of e-commerce, and the integration of traditional and digital operations at key retail trade customers. One of our customers accounted for approximately 12 of our total Net sales for both the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and approximately 12 and 13 of our total Net sales for the fiscal three and nine months ended October 1, 2023, respectively. Our top 10 customers represented approximately 38 and 41 of our total Net sales for the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024, respectively, and approximately 40 and 42 of our total Net sales for the fiscal three and nine months ended October 1, 2023, respectively. As a result of these trends, certain large-format retail trade customers have significant bargaining strength and represent a significant portion of our total Net sales. 
 
 Macroeconomic Trends 
 
 Global economic challenges, including the impact from acts of war, military actions, terrorist attacks, or civil unrest, such as the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine (the Russia-Ukraine War or the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, may continue to cause economic uncertainty and volatility. The impact of these issues may adversely affect prevailing economic conditions and our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 
 Russia-Ukraine War 
 
 Although the long-term implications of the Russia-Ukraine War are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of the conflict during the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 was not significant to our results of operations. For both the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and both the fiscal three and nine months ended October 1, 2023, our Ukrainian business represented 0.2 of our Net sales. As of both September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our Ukrainian business represented 0.1 of our assets. For both the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and both the fiscal three and nine months ended October 1, 2023, our Russian business represented 1.0 of our Net sales. As of both September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our Russian business represented 0.7 of our assets. 
 
 In the fiscal three months ended April 3, 2022, we announced our decision to suspend supply of all of our products into Russia other than our over-the-counter medicines within our Self Care segment, which we continued to supply as patients rely on many of these products for healthcare purposes. Supply of the suspended products terminated during the fiscal three months ended July 3, 2022. We also suspended all advertising, all clinical trials, and any additional investment in Russia. We will continue to monitor the geopolitical situation in Russia and evaluate our activities and future operations in Russia. 
 
 Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 
 We did not complete any significant acquisitions or divestitures during the fiscal three and nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information regarding our current legal proceedings. 
 47 

Restructuring 
 
 On May 6, 2024, our Board of Directors (our Board approved a multi-year initiative (the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative to build on our strengths and optimize our cost structure by rebalancing resources to better position us for future growth. These initiatives primarily include global workforce reductions, changes in management structure, and the transition to centralized shared-service functions in lower-cost locations. See Note 16, Restructuring Expenses and Operating Model Optimization Initiatives, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further information. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Compared with Fiscal Three Months Ended October 1, 2023 
 
 Our results for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 were as follows: 
 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended Change In Fiscal Period 
 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change 2023 to 2024 
 (Dollars in Millions) Amount Percent Net sales 3,899 3,915 (16) (0.4) Cost of sales 1,617 1,665 (48) (2.9) Gross profit 2,282 2,250 32 1.4 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 1,590 1,531 59 3.9 Restructuring expenses 31 31 Other operating expense, net 7 9 (2) (22.2) Operating income 654 710 (56) (7.9) Other (income) expense, net (19) 25 (44) Interest expense, net 96 100 (4) (4.0) Income before taxes 577 585 (8) (1.4) Provision for taxes 194 147 47 32.0 Net income 383 438 (55) (12.6) 
 Calculation not meaningful. 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales were 3.9 billion for both the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. For the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, Net sales decreased 16 million, or 0.4 , as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023. Excluding the impact of unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 50 million, or 1.3 , Organic growth was 34 million, or 0.9 . Changes in both Net sales and Organic growth were primarily attributable to value realization (defined as price, including mix) of 2.5 , partially offset by volume-related decreases of 1.6 . The increase in year-over-year value realization was primarily due to carryover price increases from the prior fiscal year as well as new pricing actions, while the volume-related decrease was primarily due to results in Skin Health and Beauty and Self Care, partially offset by growth in Essential Health. Net sales and Organic growth were primarily driven by growth in Essential Health across all product categories, led by Oral Care, and growth in Self Care primarily driven by Smoking Cessation and Cough and Cold. This was partially offset by sales declines in Skin Health and Beauty due to competitive pressures and slower than anticipated recovery from prior fiscal year execution challenges. For additional information about the Net sales of our three reportable business segments, see Segment Results below. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales were 1.6 billion and 1.7 billion for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, a decrease of 48 million, or 2.9 . Gross profit margin expanded 100 basis points to 58.5 for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to 57.5 for the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023. Changes in both Cost of sales and gross profit margin were primarily due to gains attributable to the realization of benefits associated with our supply chain optimization initiatives, and gross profit margin was also impacted by value realization. 
 
 48 

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 1.6 billion and 1.5 billion for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, an increase of 59 million, or 3.9 . Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of Net sales increased 170 basis points to 40.8 for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to 39.1 for the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023, primarily attributable to higher brand marketing expenses, driven by increased investment to support sales across segments and geographies. These cost increases were partially offset by initial savings from the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative and a 59 million decrease in Separation-related costs. 
 
 Restructuring Expenses 
 
 Restructuring expenses were 31 million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, driven by costs incurred under the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative related to global workforce reductions, changes in management structure, and the transition to centralized shared-service functions in lower-cost locations, as we take steps intended to enhance organizational efficiencies and better position Kenvue for future growth. See Note 16, Restructuring Expenses and Operating Model Optimization Initiatives, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. 
 
 Other Operating Expense, Net 
 
 Other operating expense, net was 7 million and 9 million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, a decrease of 2 million. See Note 10, Other Operating Expense (Income), Net and Other (Income) Expense, Net, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. 
 
 Other (Income) Expense, Net 
 
 Other (income) expense, net was (19) million and 25 million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, a change of 44 million. The decrease in expense was primarily driven by a 22 million decrease in currency losses on transactions and a 21 million gain recognized on the release of tax indemnification reserves that were no longer considered to be probable. See Note 10, Other Operating Expense (Income), Net and Other (Income) Expense, Net, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense, net was 96 million and 100 million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 respectively, a decrease of 4 million. Interest expense in both fiscal periods was primarily comprised of interest expense recognized on the Senior Notes and notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program (as defined in Note 4, Borrowings, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein; see Note 4 for additional information). 
 
 Provision For Taxes 
 
 Provision for taxes was 194 million and 147 million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, an increase of 47 million. The increase in provision for taxes was primarily due to changes to the jurisdictional mix of income and shortfall on stock-based compensation recorded during the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, as well as fewer releases of tax reserves due to the expiration of certain statutes of limitations and reduced tax benefits derived from the Separation as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023. In addition, the worldwide effective income tax rates for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 were 33.6 and 25.1 , respectively. See Note 11, Income Taxes, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. 

Segment Results 
 
 Segment profit is based on Operating income, excluding depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, Separation-related costs, restructuring and operating model optimization initiatives, impairment charges, the impact of the conversion of stock-based awards, issuance of Founder Shares (as defined below), Other operating expense (income), net, and unallocated general corporate administrative expenses (referred to herein as Segment adjusted operating income ), as management excludes these items in assessing segment financial performance. General corporate/unallocated expenses, which include expenses related to treasury, legal operations, and certain other expenses, along with gains and losses related to the overall management of our Company, are not allocated to the segments. In assessing segment performance and managing operations, management does not review segment assets. 
 49 

See Note 15, Segments of Business, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. 
 
 50 

Fiscal Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 Compared with Fiscal Three Months Ended October 1, 2023 
 
 The following table presents Segment net sales and Segment adjusted operating income and the period-over-period changes in Segment net sales and Segment adjusted operating income for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. See Note 15, Segments of Business, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further details regarding Segment net sales and Segment adjusted operating income. 
 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended Change In Fiscal Period September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change 2023 to 2024 
 (Dollars in Millions) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Segment Net Sales Self Care 1,625 41.7 1,613 41.2 12 0.7 Skin Health and Beauty 1,072 27.5 1,119 28.6 (47) (4.2) Essential Health 1,202 30.8 1,183 30.2 19 1.6 Segment net sales 
 3,899 100.0 3,915 100.0 (16) (0.4) Self Care 557 604 (47) (7.8) Skin Health and Beauty 191 180 11 6.1 Essential Health 291 275 16 5.8 Segment adjusted operating income (1)(2) 
 1,039 1,059 (20) (1.9) Reconciliation to Income before taxes: 
 Less: 
 Depreciation (3) 
 94 72 Amortization of intangible assets 
 66 81 Separation-related costs 
 85 133 Restructuring and operating model optimization initiatives 38 3 Conversion of stock-based awards (4) 
 6 (25) Founder Shares (5) 
 7 Other operating expense, net 7 9 General corporate/unallocated expenses 82 76 Operating income 654 710 Other (income) expense, net (19) 25 Interest expense, net 96 100 Income before taxes 577 585 
 (1) Effective in the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, we adjusted the allocation for certain brand marketing expenses within Selling, general, and administrative expenses to align with segment financial results as measured by the Company, including the chief operating decision maker (the CODM ). Accordingly, we have updated the segment disclosures to reflect the updated presentation in all prior periods. Total Adjusted operating income did not change as a result of this update. 
 (2) Effective in the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024, we adjusted the allocation for certain Research and development costs within Selling, general, and administrative expenses to align with segment financial results as measured by the Company, including the CODM. Accordingly, we have updated the segment disclosures to reflect the updated presentation in all prior periods. Total Adjusted operating income did not change as a result of this update. 
 (3) Depreciation includes the amortization of integration and development costs capitalized in connection with cloud computing arrangements. 
 (4) Segment adjusted operating income excludes the impact of the conversion of stock-based awards that occurred on August 23, 2023. The adjustment represents the net impact of the gain on reversal of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense, offset by stock-based compensation expense recognized in the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 relating to employee services provided prior to the Separation. 
 (5) On August 25, 2023, our Compensation Human Capital Committee approved equity grants to individuals employed by Kenvue as of October 2, 2023 (the Founder Shares ). On October 2, 2023, the Founder Shares were granted to all Kenvue employees in the form of stock options and PSUs to executive officers and either stock options and PSUs or RSUs to non-executive individuals. 
 
 51 

Organic Growth 
 
 We assess our Net sales performance by measuring Organic growth, a non-GAAP financial measure, which measures the period-over-period change in Net sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. Management believes Organic growth provides investors with additional, supplemental information that they may find useful in assessing our results of operations by excluding the impact of certain items that we believe do not directly reflect our underlying operations. 
 
 The following tables present a reconciliation of the change in U.S. GAAP Net sales to Organic growth for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023: 
 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 vs October 1, 2023 (1) 
 Reported Net sales change Impact of foreign currency Organic growth (Dollars in Millions) Amount Percent Amount Amount Percent Self Care 12 0.7 1 11 0.7 Skin Health and Beauty (47) (4.2) (17) (30) (2.7) Essential Health 19 1.6 (34) 53 4.5 Total (16) (0.4) (50) 34 0.9 
 
 Fiscal Three Months Ended September 29, 2024 vs October 1, 2023 (1) 
 Reported Net sales change Impact of foreign currency Organic growth Price/Mix (2) 
 Volume Self Care 0.7 1.8 (1.1) Skin Health and Beauty (4.2) (1.5) 2.0 (4.7) Essential Health 1.6 (2.9) 3.7 0.8 Total (0.4) (1.3) 2.5 (1.6) 
 (1) Acquisitions and divestitures did not materially impact Net sales for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 or October 1, 2023. 
 (2) Also referred to as value realization. 
 
 Self Care Segment 
 
 Self Care Segment Net Sales 
 
 The Self Care Segment Net sales were 1.6 billion for both the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. For the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, Net sales increased 12 million, or 0.7 , as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023. Excluding the impact of favorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 1 million, Organic growth was 11 million, or 0.7 . Changes in both Net sales and Organic growth were primarily driven by value realization of 1.8 , partially offset by volume-related decreases of 1.1 . The increase was primarily driven by performance in Smoking Cessation and Cough and Cold attributable to effective promotional strategies. The increase was partially offset by declines in antifungal products in Asia Pacific due to trade inventory fluctuations. 
 
 Self Care Segment Adjusted Operating Income 
 
 The Self Care Segment adjusted operating income decreased by 47 million, or 7.8 , to 557 million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by increased investment in our brands and volume-related decreases, partially offset by value realization and the realization of benefits associated with our supply chain optimization initiatives. 
 
 52 

Skin Health and Beauty Segment 
 
 Skin Health and Beauty Segment Net Sales 
 
 The Skin Health and Beauty Segment Net sales were 1.1 billion for both the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. For the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, Net sales decreased 47 million, or 4.2 , as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023 . Excluding the impact of unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 17 million, or 1.5 , Organic growth decreased 30 million, or 2.7 . Changes in both Net sales and Organic growth were primarily driven by volume-related decreases of 4.7 , partially offset by value realization of 2.0 . The decrease was driven by underperformance in the United States attributable to competitive pressures and slower than expected recovery from prior fiscal year execution challenges. The decrease was partially offset by growth outside of the United States. 
 
 Skin Health and Beauty Segment Adjusted Operating Income 
 
 The Skin Health and Beauty Segment adjusted operating income increased by 11 million, or 6.1 , to 191 million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by value realization and the realization of benefits associated with our supply chain optimization initiatives, partially offset by volume-related decreases. 
 
 Essential Health Segment 
 
 Essential Health Segment Net Sales 
 
 The Essential Health Segment Net sales were 1.2 billion for both the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. For the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, Net sales increased 19 million , or 1.6 , as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023. Excluding the impact of unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 34 million, or 2.9 , Organic growth was 53 million , or 4.5 . Changes in both Net sales and Organic growth were primarily driven by value realization of 3.7 and volume-related increases of 0.8 . Momentum in Essential Health continued across all product categories and was led by strong performance in Oral Care attributable to product innovation and effective promotional strategies. 
 
 Essential Health Segment Adjusted Operating Income 
 
 The Essential Health Segment adjusted operating income increased by 16 million, or 5.8 , to 291 million for the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by value realization, volume-related increases, and the realization of benefits associated with our supply chain optimization initiatives, partially offset by increased investment in our brands. 

53 

Results of Operations 
 
 Fiscal Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Compared with Fiscal Nine Months Ended October 1, 2023 
 
 Our results for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 were as follows: 
 
 Fiscal Nine Months Ended Change In Fiscal Period 
 September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change 2023 to 2024 
 (Dollars in Millions) Amount Percent Net sales 11,793 11,778 15 0.1 Cost of sales 4,904 5,178 (274) (5.3) Gross profit 6,889 6,600 289 4.4 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 4,804 4,555 249 5.5 Restructuring expenses 120 120 Impairment charges 578 578 Other operating expense (income), net 29 (7) 36 Operating income 1,358 2,052 (694) (33.8) Other expense, net 6 65 (59) (90.8) Interest expense, net 283 154 129 83.8 Income before taxes 1,069 1,833 (764) (41.7) Provision for taxes 332 496 (164) (33.1) Net income 737 1,337 (600) (44.9) 
 Calculation not meaningful. 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales were 11.8 billion for both the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. For the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024, Net sales increased 15 million, or 0.1 , as compared to the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023. Excluding the impact of unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 153 million, or 1.3 , Organic growth was 168 million, or 1.4 . Changes in both Net sales and Organic growth were primarily attributable to value realization of 3.1 , partially offset by volume-related decreases of 1.7 . The increase in year-over-year value realization was primarily due to carryover price increases from the prior fiscal year as well as new pricing actions, while the volume-related decrease was primarily due to results in Skin Health and Beauty and Self Care, partially offset by growth in Essential Health. Net sales and Organic growth were primarily driven by growth in Essential Health across all product categories, led by Oral Care. This was partially offset by sales declines in Skin Health and Beauty due to volume-related decreases in the United States attributable to the carryover effects from prior fiscal year execution challenges and current fiscal year competitive pressures. For additional information about the Net sales of our three reportable business segments, see Segment Results below. 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 
 Cost of sales were 4.9 billion and 5.2 billion for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, a decrease of 274 million, or 5.3 . Gross profit margin expanded 240 basis points to 58.4 for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to 56.0 for the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023. Changes in both Cost of sales and gross profit margin were primarily due to gains attributable to the realization of benefits associated with our supply chain optimization initiatives, and gross profit margin was also impacted by value realization. 
 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 4.8 billion and 4.6 billion for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, an increase of 249 million, or 5.5 . Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of Net sales increased 200 basis points to 40.7 for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024, as compared to 38.7 for the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023, primarily attributable to higher brand marketing expenses, driven by increased investment to support sales across segments and geographies, and an additional quarter of incremental ongoing public 
 54 

company costs not incurred last year. These cost increases were partially offset by initial savings from the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative and a 134 million decrease in Separation-related costs. 
 
 Restructuring Expenses 
 
 Restructuring expenses were 120 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024, driven by costs incurred under the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative related to global workforce reductions, changes in management structure, and the transition to centralized shared-service functions in lower-cost locations, as we take steps intended to enhance organizational efficiencies and better position Kenvue for future growth. See Note 16, Restructuring Expenses and Operating Model Optimization Initiatives, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. 
 
 Impairment Charges 
 
 Impairment charges were 578 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024, which primarily included a non-cash charge of 488 million 337 million after-tax) to adjust the carrying value of intangible assets and property, plant, and equipment related to the Dr.Ci:Labo skin health business. The impairment was due primarily to revisions to internal forecasts for the business as a result of updates in our strategy to reach more consumers and appropriately address evolving market dynamics, including shifts in consumer sentiment in China as well as changing shopping patterns in the region. The increase also included the impact of a 68 million non-cash impairment charge related to our interim corporate headquarters in Skillman, New Jersey, which was classified as held for sale on February 21, 2024. Additionally, we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of 22 million related to certain software development assets. See Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Impairment Charges, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. There were no impairment charges recognized in the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 Other Operating Expense (Income), Net 
 
 Other operating expense (income), net was 29 million and (7) million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, a change of 36 million. The increase in expense was driven by the prior period reversal of a 45 million contingent liability that was no longer considered to be probable, the accounting impact of net economic benefit arrangements with J J in connection with the Deferred Local Businesses (see Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information), and a 9 million gain recognized on the sale of a manufacturing facility in Lancaster, Pennsylvania in the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023, partially offset by lower litigation expense. See Note 10, Other Operating Expense (Income), Net and Other (Income) Expense, Net, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. 
 
 Other Expense, Net 
 
 Other expense, net was 6 million and 65 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, a decrease of 59 million. The decrease in expense was primarily driven by a 54 million decrease in currency losses on transactions and a 21 million gain recognized on the release of tax indemnification reserves that were no longer considered to be probable, partially offset by a 24 million increase in losses on investments. See Note 10, Other Operating Expense (Income), Net and Other (Income) Expense, Net, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Interest expense, net was 283 million and 154 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, an increase of 129 million. The increase in expense was driven by interest expense recognized on the Senior Notes and notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program, along with 33 million of interest income recognized in the fiscal three months ended July 2, 2023 in relation to the Facility Agreement (as defined in Note 4, Borrowings, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) as well as interest income earned in the fiscal three months ended July 2, 2023 on debt proceeds in escrow. See Note 4, Borrowings, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. 
 
 55 

Provision For Taxes 
 
 Provision for taxes was 332 million and 496 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, a decrease of 164 million. The decrease in provision for taxes was primarily due to lower year-to-date income in comparison to the prior fiscal period as a result of the Dr.Ci:Labo skin health business impairment and the recording of a valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset related to future foreign tax benefits in the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023. The decrease is offset by fewer releases of tax reserves due to the expiration of certain statutes of limitations and reduced tax benefits derived from the Separation as compared to the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023 and shortfall on stock-based compensation recorded during the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024. In addition, the worldwide effective income tax rates for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 were 31.1 and 27.1 , respectively. See Note 11, Income Taxes, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information. 
 
 56 

Segment Results 
 
 Fiscal Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 Compared with Fiscal Nine Months Ended October 1, 2023 
 
 The following table presents Segment net sales and Segment adjusted operating income and the period-over-period changes in Segment net sales and Segment adjusted operating income for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023. See Note 15, Segments of Business, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further details regarding Segment net sales and Segment adjusted operating income. 
 
 Fiscal Nine Months Ended Change In Fiscal Period September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Change 2023 to 2024 
 (Dollars in Millions) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Segment Net Sales Self Care 4,958 42.0 4,914 41.7 44 0.9 Skin Health and Beauty 3,229 27.4 3,377 28.7 (148) (4.4) Essential Health 3,606 30.6 3,487 29.6 119 3.4 Segment net sales 
 11,793 100.0 11,778 100.0 15 0.1 Self Care 1,692 1,762 (70) (4.0) Skin Health and Beauty 502 530 (28) (5.3) Essential Health 914 736 178 24.2 Segment adjusted operating income (1)(2) 
 3,108 3,028 80 2.6 Reconciliation to Income before taxes: 
 Less: Depreciation (3) 
 238 211 Amortization of intangible assets 
 212 242 Separation-related costs 
 231 333 Restructuring and operating model optimization initiatives 146 3 Impairment charges 
 578 Conversion of stock-based awards (4) 
 34 (25) Founder Shares (5) 
 24 Other operating expense (income), net 29 (7) General corporate/unallocated expenses 258 219 Operating income 1,358 2,052 Other expense, net 6 65 Interest expense, net 
 283 154 Income before taxes 1,069 1,833 
 (1) Effective in the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, we adjusted the allocation for certain brand marketing expenses within Selling, general, and administrative expenses to align with segment financial results as measured by the Company, including the CODM. Accordingly, we have updated the segment disclosures to reflect the updated presentation in all prior periods. Total Adjusted operating income did not change as a result of this update. 
 (2) Effective in the fiscal three months ended June 30, 2024, we adjusted the allocation for certain Research and development costs within Selling, general, and administrative expenses to align with segment financial results as measured by the Company, including the CODM. Accordingly, we have updated the segment disclosures to reflect the updated presentation in all prior periods. Total Adjusted operating income did not change as a result of this update. 
 (3) Depreciation includes the amortization of integration and development costs capitalized in connection with cloud computing arrangements. 
 (4) Segment adjusted operating income excludes the impact of the conversion of stock-based awards that occurred on August 23, 2023. The adjustment represents the net impact of the gain on reversal of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense, offset by stock-based compensation expense recognized in the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 relating to employee services provided prior to the Separation. 
 (5) On August 25, 2023, our Compensation Human Capital Committee approved the Founder Shares. On October 2, 2023, the Founder Shares were granted to all Kenvue employees in the form of stock options and PSUs to executive officers and either stock options and PSUs or RSUs to non-executive individuals. 
 
 Organic Growth 
 
 The following tables present a reconciliation of the change in U.S. GAAP Net sales to Organic growth for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023: 
 
 Fiscal Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 vs October 1, 2023 (1) 
 Reported Net sales change Impact of foreign currency Organic growth (Dollars in Millions) Amount Percent Amount Amount Percent Self Care 44 0.9 (32) 76 1.5 Skin Health and Beauty (148) (4.4) (41) (107) (3.2) Essential Health 119 3.4 (80) 199 5.7 Total 15 0.1 (153) 168 1.4 
 
 Fiscal Nine Months Ended September 29, 2024 vs October 1, 2023 (1) 
 Reported Net sales change Impact of foreign currency Organic growth Price/Mix (2) 
 Volume Self Care 0.9 (0.6) 2.8 (1.3) Skin Health and Beauty (4.4) (1.2) 2.0 (5.2) Essential Health 3.4 (2.3) 4.8 0.9 Total 0.1 (1.3) 3.1 (1.7) 
 (1) Acquisitions and divestitures did not materially impact Net sales for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 or October 1, 2023. 
 (2) Also referred to as value realization. 
 
 Self Care Segment 
 
 Self Care Segment Net Sales 
 
 The Self Care Segment Net sales were 5.0 billion and 4.9 billion for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, an increase of 44 million, or 0.9 . Excluding the impact of unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 32 million, or 0.6 , Organic growth was 76 million, or 1.5 . Changes in both Net sales and Organic growth were primarily driven by value realization of 2.8 , partially offset by volume-related decreases of 1.3 . The increase was primarily driven by our performance in Other Self Care primarily in Smoking Cessation due to effective promotional strategies and product innovation, as well as Allergy Care and Digestive Health. The increase was partially offset by declines in Pain Care resulting from trade inventory fluctuations primarily in the United States. 
 
 Self Care Segment Adjusted Operating Income 
 
 The Self Care Segment adjusted operating income decreased by 70 million, or 4.0 , to 1,692 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by increased investment in our brands and volume-related decreases, partially offset by value realization and the realization of benefits associated with our supply chain optimization initiatives. 
 
 Skin Health and Beauty Segment 
 
 Skin Health and Beauty Segment Net Sales 
 
 The Skin Health and Beauty Segment Net sales were 3.2 billion and 3.4 billion for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, a decrease of 148 million, or 4.4 . Excluding the impact of unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 41 million, or 1.2 , Organic growth decreased 107 million, or 3.2 . Changes in both Net sales and Organic growth were primarily driven by volume-related decreases of 5.2 , partially offset by value realization of 2.0 . The decrease was driven by volume-related decreases in the United States attributable to the carryover effects from prior fiscal year execution challenges, as well as current fiscal year competitive pressures, coupled with market softness in 
 China primarily impacting the first half of the fiscal year. The decrease was partially offset by growth outside of the United States. 
 
 Skin Health and Beauty Segment Adjusted Operating Income 
 
 The Skin Health and Beauty Segment adjusted operating income decreased by 28 million, or 5.3 , to 502 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by increased investment in our brands and volume-related decreases, partially offset by value realization and the realization of benefits associated with our supply chain optimization initiatives. 
 
 Essential Health Segment 
 
 Essential Health Segment Net Sales 
 
 The Essential Health Segment Net sales were 3.6 billion and 3.5 billion for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, an increase of 119 million, or 3.4 . Excluding the impact of unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates of 80 million, or 2.3 , Organic growth was 199 million, or 5.7 . Changes in both Net sales and Organic growth were primarily driven by value realization of 4.8 and volume-related increases of 0.9 . Momentum in Essential Heath continued across all product categories and was led by strong performance in Oral Care, attributable to product innovation and effective promotional strategies, and growth in Women s Health. 
 
 Essential Health Segment Adjusted Operating Income 
 
 The Essential Health Segment adjusted operating income increased by 178 million, or 24.2 , to 914 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 as compared to the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by value realization, volume-related increases, and the realization of benefits associated with our supply chain optimization initiatives, partially offset by increased investment in our brands. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Prior to April 4, 2023, our working capital requirements and capital expenditures were satisfied as part of J J s corporate-wide cash management and centralized funding programs, and a substantial portion of our cash was transferred to J J. Cash and cash equivalents held by J J at the corporate level were not specifically identifiable to us. 
 
 Effective April 4, 2023, upon completion of the Consumer Health Business Transfer (as defined in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of the Company and Business Segments, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein), we no longer participate in J J s corporate-wide cash management and centralized funding programs. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Summarized cash flow information for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023 were as follows: 
 
 Change In Fiscal Period 
 Fiscal Nine Months Ended Change 2023 to 2024 (Dollars in Millions) September 29, 2024 October 1, 2023 Amount Percent Net income 737 1,337 (600) (44.9) Net changes in assets and liabilities (833) 492 (1,325) Net cash flows from operating activities 976 2,218 (1,242) (56.0) Net cash flows used in investing activities (293) (223) (70) 31.4 Net cash flows used in financing activities (978) (2,144) 1,166 (54.4) 
 Calculation not meaningful. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash flows from operating activities were 976 million and 2,218 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, a decrease of 1,242 million. The decrease was primarily attributable to changes in 
 57 

working capital balances driven by a net decrease in Accounts payable and Accrued liabilities due to the timing of payments and an increase in Trade receivables due to the timing of sales and collections. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities were 293 million and 223 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, an increase of 70 million. Net cash flows used in investing activities were primarily driven by purchases of property, plant, and equipment in both the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets in the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities were 978 million and 2,144 million for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 and October 1, 2023, respectively, a decrease of 1,166 million. Net cash flows used in financing activities for the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 were primarily driven by 1,159 million of dividends paid and 114 million of payments made to purchase treasury shares, partially offset by 258 million of net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper under the Commercial Paper Program (as defined below). Net cash flows used in financing activities for the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023 were primarily driven by 13.8 billion in distributions to J J in connection with the Separation, 383 million of dividends paid, and Net transfers to J J of 274 million, partially offset by approximately 7.7 billion of net proceeds from Senior Notes (as defined below), 4.2 billion of proceeds from the sale of common stock in connection with the Kenvue IPO, and 497 million of net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper under the Commercial Paper Program. Net transfers to J J were driven by cash pooling and general financing activities, indirect corporate cost allocations from J J, and taxes deemed to be settled with J J. For further details regarding Net transfers to J J, see Note 9, Relationship with J J Net Transfers to J J, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, which consisted of cash and cash equivalents of 1,057 million as of September 29, 2024, cash flows from operations, borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) of 4.0 billion, and authorized Commercial Paper Program issuance of 4.0 billion. As of September 29, 2024, we had no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and 887 million of outstanding balances under our Commercial Paper Program, net of a related discount of 3 million. 
 
 Our ability to fund our operating needs will depend on our ability to continue to generate positive cash flows from operations and on our ability to obtain debt financing on acceptable terms or to issue additional equity or equity-linked securities. Based upon our history of generating positive cash flows, we believe our existing cash and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to service our current obligations for at least the next 12 months. 
 
 Management believes that our cash balances and funds provided by operating activities, along with borrowing capacity and access to capital markets, taken as a whole, provide adequate liquidity to meet all of our current and long-term obligations when due, including third-party debt that we incurred in connection with the Separation, adequate liquidity to fund capital expenditures, and flexibility to meet investment opportunities that may arise. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on acceptable terms in the future. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 325 million during the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 to 1,057 million as of September 29, 2024, as compared to 1,382 million as of December 31, 2023. Cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries was 1,047 million and 1,336 million as of September 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Restructuring 
 
 On May 6, 2024, our Board approved the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative to build on our strengths and optimize our cost structure by rebalancing resources to better position us for future growth. The initiative is expected to result in pre-tax restructuring expenses and other charges totaling approximately 550 million. We planned to incur approximately 275 million in pre-tax restructuring expenses and other charges in each of fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2025. We currently anticipate lower than expected spend in fiscal year 2024 due to the shift in timing of certain IT and project-related costs to fiscal year 2025 and lower than expected employee-related costs relating to severance spend due to employee redeployment and voluntary exits. Over the life of the initiative, a majority of the pre-tax expenses and other charges are expected to be paid in cash. These charges are expected to be funded primarily through cash flows generated from operations. We expect to reinvest all or a portion of the benefits associated with the 2024 Multi-Year Restructuring Initiative in future growth opportunities, including 
 58 

immediate reinvestment behind advertising, product promotion, and healthcare professional engagement. Our estimates of the costs of the initiative and the expected benefits are preliminary estimates and are subject to a number of assumptions, including local law requirements in various jurisdictions. Actual charges may differ, possibly materially, from the estimates provided above. See Note 16, Restructuring Expenses and Operating Model Optimization Initiatives, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further information. 
 
 Supplier Finance Program 
 
 As a part of our ongoing efforts to maximize working capital and manage liquidity, we work with suppliers to optimize payment terms and conditions on accounts payable through a voluntary supplier finance program. The program provides some of our suppliers with the opportunity to sell receivables due from us (our accounts payables) to participating financial institutions at the sole discretion of both the suppliers and the financial institutions. We are not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the third-party financial institutions. Our obligations to the suppliers, including amounts due, and scheduled payment dates (which have general payment terms of 90 days), are not affected by a participating supplier s decision to participate in the program. See Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Supplier Finance Program, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 On March 22, 2023, we issued eight series of senior unsecured notes (the Senior Notes in an aggregate principal amount of 7.75 billion. The net proceeds to us from the Senior Notes were approximately 7.7 billion after deductions of discounts and issuance costs of 77 million. The net proceeds were reflected as Restricted cash on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet prior to their release from escrow on April 5, 2023. Upon release from escrow, these funds were loaned to J J through a facility agreement (the Facility Agreement dated April 5, 2023. For further details on the Senior Notes, see Note 4, Borrowings Senior Notes, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 Our Senior Notes are governed by an indenture and supplemental indenture between us and a trustee (collectively, the Indenture ). The Indenture contains certain covenants, including limitations on us and certain of our subsidiaries ability to incur liens or engage in certain sale-leaseback transactions. The Indenture also contains restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge, or sell substantially all of our assets. In addition, the Indenture contains other customary terms, including certain events of default, upon the occurrence of which the Senior Notes may be declared immediately due and payable. 
 
 Commercial Paper Program 
 
 On March 3, 2023, we entered into a commercial paper program (the Commercial Paper Program ). Our Board has authorized the issuance of up to 4.0 billion in an aggregate principal amount of commercial paper under the Commercial Paper Program. Any such issuance will mature within 364 days from date of issue. The Commercial Paper Program contains representations and warranties, covenants, and defaults that are customary for this type of financing. The commercial paper notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program are unsecured notes ranking at least pari passu with all of our other senior unsecured indebtedness. For further details on the Commercial Paper Program, see Note 4, Borrowings Commercial Paper Program, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 Prior to the Kenvue IPO, we issued 1.25 billion under the Commercial Paper Program which, collectively with the Senior Notes as further described above, are referred to as the Debt Financing Transactions. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On March 6, 2023, we entered into a credit agreement providing for a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 4.0 billion to be made available in U.S. dollars and Euros. For further details on the Revolving Credit Facility, see Note 4, Borrowings Revolving Credit Facility, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 Facility Agreement 
 
 On April 5, 2023, we entered into the Facility Agreement, allowing us to lend the proceeds from the issuance of debt (including commercial paper) in an aggregate amount of 8.9 billion to J J. 
 
 59 

Upon completion of the Kenvue IPO on May 8, 2023, the Facility Agreement was terminated and the balance of the loans, and all accrued interest, were repaid by J J for a total cash inflow of 9.0 billion. We remitted this cash back to J J as a distribution in connection with the Separation. 
 
 Distribution to J J 
 
 On May 8, 2023, in conjunction with the Consumer Health Business Transfer (as defined in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of the Company and Business Segments, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein), we distributed 13.8 billion to J J from 1) the net proceeds received from the sale of the common stock in the Kenvue IPO, 2) the net proceeds received from the Debt Financing Transactions, and 3) any cash and cash equivalents in excess of the 1.17 billion retained by us immediately following the Kenvue IPO. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 We recognized Interest expense, net of 283 million in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations during the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 which primarily includes interest expense, including amortization of discounts and debt issuance costs, recognized on the Senior Notes and interest expense recognized on notes issued under the Commercial Paper Program. 
 
 Compliance with Covenants 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants, and no default or event of default has occurred. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Quarterly dividends have been paid to our shareholders since the Kenvue IPO. A summary of cash dividends per share on the outstanding Kenvue common stock declared to shareholders by our Board and paid during the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024 is presented below: 
 
 Declaration Date 
 Record Date 
 Payment Date 
 Per Share Amount 
 January 25, 2024 
 February 14, 2024 
 February 28, 2024 
 0.20 
 April 25, 2024 
 May 8, 2024 
 May 22, 2024 
 0.20 
 July 25, 2024 
 August 14, 2024 
 August 28, 2024 
 0.205 

On October 17, 2024, we announced that our Board declared a dividend of 0.205 per share on our common stock. The dividend is payable on November 27, 2024 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 13, 2024. 
 
 Future Cash Requirements 
 
 We expect our future cash requirements will relate to working capital, capital expenditures, restructuring and integration, compensation and benefit-related obligations, interest expense and debt service obligations, litigation costs, the return of capital to shareholders, including through the payment of any dividend, and other contractual obligations that arise in the normal course of business. We may also use cash to enter into business development transactions, such as licensing arrangements or strategic acquisitions. 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, we expect our primary cash requirements for fiscal year 2024 to include capital expenditures. We have made payments of 302 million for property, plant, and equipment during the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 Our Board has authorized a share repurchase program, under which we are authorized to repurchase up to 27,000,000 shares of our outstanding common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions. The program has no expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The intent of this repurchase program is to offset dilution from the vesting or exercise of equity awards under the Kenvue 2023 Plan (as defined in Note 8, Stock-Based Compensation, to the Condensed 
 60 

Consolidated Financial Statements included herein). We repurchased 5,700,000 shares of our outstanding common stock for 114 million during the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 Future Litigation 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in litigation, claims, government inquiries, investigations, charges, and proceedings. See Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for further details regarding certain matters that are currently pending. Our ability to successfully resolve pending and future litigation may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined under the rules and regulations of the SEC) or any relationships with unconsolidated entities that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, Net sales or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, cash requirements, or capital resources. 

Other Information 
 
 Baby Powder Transition 
 
 On August 11, 2022, we announced the commercial decision to transition to an all cornstarch-based baby powder portfolio. As a result of this transition, talc-based Johnson s Baby Powder was discontinued globally in 2023. Talc-based Johnson s Baby Powder was previously discontinued during 2020 in certain markets, including the United States and Canada. We do not expect the impact of this change to have a significant impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Deferred Markets 
 
 In order to ensure compliance with applicable law, to obtain necessary governmental approvals and other consents, and for other business reasons, we deferred the transfer of certain assets and liabilities of businesses in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions, including China, Malaysia, and Russia, until after the completion of the Kenvue IPO. On September 11, 2023, J J transferred the equity interests in the majority of the Deferred Legal Entities (as defined in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein) to the Company that previously had been consolidated as Variable Interest Entities in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein include businesses in all jurisdictions in which we operate following the completion of the Separation, including any Deferred Local Business (as defined in Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein). For more information regarding Deferred Local Businesses, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Relationship with J J The transfer of certain assets and liabilities from J J to us contemplated by the Separation has not been completed and may be significantly delayed or not occur at all in our Annual Report and Note 1, Description of the Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 Provision For Taxes 
 
 On December 15, 2022, the European Union EU Member States formally adopted the EU s Pillar Two Directive, which g enerally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15 , as established by the Organization for Economic Co-operation Development OECD Pillar Two Inclusive Framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. The EU effective dates are January 1, 2024, and January 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive. On July 17, 2023, the OECD published Administrative Guidance proposing certain safe harbors that effectively extend certain effective dates to January 1, 2027. The OECD continues to release additional guidance, including guidance on safe harbors for which we may qualify, and many countries have already implemented legislation consistent with the OECD Pillar Two Framework. Due to these new rules, our provision for taxes could be unfavorably impacted as the legislation becomes effective in countries in which we conduct business. However, based on our current analysis, currently enacted laws for Pillar Two do not have a significant impact on the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We are continuing to evaluate the Model Global Anti-Base Erosion Rules for Pillar Two and related legislation, and their potential impact on future periods. 
 
 61 

Item 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 Because we manufacture and sell products and finance operations in a number of countries throughout the world, we are exposed to the impact on revenue and expenses of movements in currency exchange rates, including as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar or fluctuations in foreign currency rates in numerous jurisdictions, particularly the European Union, the United Kingdom, Japan, China, Canada, Brazil, and India. 
 
 We manage the impact of foreign exchange rate movements on our earnings, cash flows, and fair values of assets and liabilities through operational means and through the use of various financial instruments, including derivative instruments such as forward and swap foreign exchange contracts. The financial instruments utilized are viewed as risk management tools and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. Forward and swap foreign exchange contracts are sensitive to changes in foreign currency rates. Gains or losses on these contracts are generally offset by the gains or losses on the underlying transactions, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated earnings and cash flows. 
 
 Inflation Risk 
 
 In recent years, the global macroeconomic environment has experienced significant inflationary pressures and may continue to increase the costs of raw materials, packaging components, and other inputs for our products. In recent years, we have experienced, and we continue to experience, higher than expected inflation, including escalating transportation, commodity, and other supply chain costs and disruptions that have affected, and continue to affect, our results of operations. We have partially offset the impact of inflation primarily through price increases, in addition to continued supply chain optimization initiatives. 
 
 However, if our costs continue to be subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to offset such higher costs through price increases, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Interest rate risk is managed through the maintenance of a portfolio of variable and fixed-rate debt composed of short and long-term instruments. The objective is to maintain a cost-effective mix that management deems appropriate. From time to time, we also hedge the anticipated issuance of fixed-rate debt, and those contracts are designated as cash flow hedges. As of September 29, 2024, our outstanding long-term debt portfolio was comprised primarily of fixed-rate debt, and therefore, any fluctuation in market interest rate is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations. Our interest expense for any new floating rate debt we may incur in the future, including under the Revolving Credit Facility, could be exposed to changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk is highly sensitive due to many factors, including the monetary and tax policies of the United States and other countries, market and economic factors, and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We are exposed to commodity and other price risk, including from resins, pulp and corn derivatives, vegetable oils and oleochemicals, and other inputs, including energy, labor, transportation (such as trucks, containers, and ocean freight), and logistics services. We use various strategic pricing mechanisms to manage cost exposures on certain material purchases with the objective of obtaining appropriate costs for these commodities. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 We are exposed to potential credit losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to our receivables, including our customers. Concentrations of credit risk arising from receivables from customers are limited due to the diversity of our customers. We perform credit evaluations of our customers financial conditions and may also obtain collateral or other security as appropriate. Notwithstanding these efforts, current adverse macroeconomic factors across the global economy may increase the difficulty in collecting receivables. We are also exposed to the risk of credit loss in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to financial instrument contracts; however, nonperformance is considered unlikely and any nonperformance is unlikely to be material as it is our policy to contract with diverse, credit-worthy counterparties based upon both strong credit ratings and other credit considerations. 
 
 62 

Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of September 29, 2024, the end of the period covered by this report, management of the Company evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company s Chief Executive Officer, Thibaut Mongon, and Chief Financial Officer, Paul Ruh, reviewed and participated in this evaluation of Kenvue s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, Messrs. Mongon and Ruh concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, the period covered by this report, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 In the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, the Company began a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning ERP system, which will replace and enhance the Company s existing operating and financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain and enhance the flow of financial information, enhance operational functionality, and accelerate information reporting to the Company s management. The implementation is expected to occur in phases over the next several years. 
 
 The portion of the new ERP system implementation that has been completed to date did not result in significant changes to the Company s internal control over financial reporting. As the phased implementation of the new ERP system continues, the Company will continue to assess whether this new ERP system implementation will materially affect, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 63 

Part II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed under Item 1A Risk Factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal twelve months ended December 31, 2023 filed on March 1, 2024 with the SEC. 

Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 There were no sales of equity securities by the Company during the fiscal nine months ended September 29, 2024. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 During the fiscal three months ended October 1, 2023, our Board authorized a share repurchase program, under which we are authorized to repurchase up to 27,000,000 shares of our outstanding common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions. The program has no expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The intent of this repurchase program is to offset dilution from the vesting or exercise of equity awards under the Kenvue 2023 Plan (as defined in Note 8, Stock-Based Compensation, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein). 
 
 The following table represents our purchases of common stock during the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024: 
 
 (Shares in Thousands) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Common Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Approximate Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 
 22,050 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 
 1,100 21.30 1,100 20,950 September 1, 2024 - September 29, 2024 
 20,950 Total number of shares purchased 
 1,100 

Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies 
 
 During the fiscal three months ended September 29, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a1(f) under the Exchange Act) or any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company s securities intended to satisfy the conditions of the affirmative defense provided by Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

64 

Item 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Kenvue Inc., effective as of May 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Kenvue Inc. with the SEC on May 8, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kenvue Inc., effective as of May 3, 2023, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Kenvue Inc. with the SEC on May 8, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith Furnished herewith 

65 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Kenvue Inc. Date: November 7, 2024 
 /s/ PAUL RUH Paul Ruh Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date: November 7, 2024 
 /s/ HEATHER HOWLETT Heather Howlett Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

66 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a20243qex311ceocertificati.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 
 I, Thibaut Mongon, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2024 (the report of Kenvue Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Omitted 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s THIBAUT MONGON 
 Thibaut Mongon 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a20243qex312cfocertificati.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 
 I, Paul Ruh, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2024 (the report of Kenvue Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Omitted 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s PAUL RUH 
 Paul Ruh 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date November 7, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a20243qex321ceocertificati.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 
 The undersigned, Thibaut Mongon, the Chief Executive Officer of Kenvue Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s THIBAUT MONGON 
 Thibaut Mongon 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 
 
 This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a20243qex322cfocertificati.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 
 The undersigned, Paul Ruh, the Chief Financial Officer of Kenvue Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certifies that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 29, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s PAUL RUH 
 Paul Ruh 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Dated November 7, 2024 
 
 This certification is being furnished to the SEC with this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kvue-20240929.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 kvue-20240929_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kvue-20240929_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kvue-20240929_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kvue-20240929_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

