<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1800637_0001213900-24-098443.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9277321</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>164147</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1790544</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2122450</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2412910</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2584113</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098443.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161535
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098443
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Agrify Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001800637
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE SERVICES [0700]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				300943453
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39946
		FILM NUMBER:		241462525

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2468 INDUSTRIAL ROW DRIVE
		CITY:			TROY
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48084
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-420-0020

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2468 INDUSTRIAL ROW DRIVE
		CITY:			TROY
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48084

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098443.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220741-10q_agrify.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to
_________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

YES 
NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

YES 
NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

YES 
NO 

As of November 14, 2024, the registrant had shares of Common
Stock, 0.001 par value per share outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
 September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and 2023 (unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 

Notes to the Condensed
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

ITEM 2. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 37 

ITEM 3. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
 MARKET RISK 
 55 

ITEM 4. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 55 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 56 

ITEM 1. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 56 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 56 

ITEM 2. 
 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND
 USE OF PROCEEDS 
 56 

ITEM 3. 
 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 56 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 56 

ITEM 5. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 56 

ITEM 6. 
 EXHIBITS 
 57 

SIGNATURES 
 58 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

AGRIFY CORPORATION 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Assets 
 (Unaudited) 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Inventory, net of reserves of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Loans receivable, current 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Loans receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, net of current 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Long-term debt, current 

Related party debt, current 

Contract liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current 

Related party debt, net of current 

Long-term debt, net of current 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Common Stock, par value per share, and shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (1) 

Preferred Stock, par value per share, shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding 

Preferred A Stock, par value per share, shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) attributable to Agrify 

Non-controlling interests 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

AGRIFY CORPORATION 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(In thousands, except share and per share data) 

(Unaudited) 

Three months ended 
 September 30, 
 Nine
 months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue (including , , , and from related parties, respectively) 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

General and administrative 

Selling and marketing 

Research and development 

Gain on settlement of contingent liabilities 

Gain on early termination of lease 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Change in contingent consideration 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net 

Other income 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net loss 

Loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributable to Agrify Corporation 

Net loss per share attributable to Common Stockholders basic and diluted (1) 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

AGRIFY CORPORATION 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(In thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

Common
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 A Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In- 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 (Deficit) 
 attributable to 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Agrify 
 Interests 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 at January 1, 2023 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Issuance
 of Common Stock through an at the market offering, net of fees 

Issuance
 of Common Stock to Pure Pressure 

Vesting
 of restricted stock units 

Proceeds
 from Employee Stock Purchase Plan Shares 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 March 31, 2023 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Issuance
 of held-back shares to Lab Society 

Exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants in private placement 

Conversion
 of Exchange Note 

Conversion
 of Convertible Note 

Net
 loss (income) 

Balance
 June 30, 2023 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Reverse
 stock split fractional share settlement 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 September 30, 2023 

3 

AGRIFY CORPORATION 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(In thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

Common
 Stock 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 Preferred
 A Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In- 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 
 (Deficit) 
 attributable to 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Agrify 
 Interests 
 (Deficit) 

Balance
 at January 1, 2024 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Issuance of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants through public offering 

Issuance
 of held-back shares from Sinclair acquisition 

Cashless
 exercise of High Trail Warrants 

Exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants issued through public offering 

Conversion
 of Convertible Note 

Contribution
 from troubled debt restructuring with related party 

Stock
 split share adjustment 

Net
 income 

Balance
 March 31, 2024 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants issued through public offering 

Excess of related party debt and Pre-Funded Warrants conversion 

Issuance of equity classified Pre-Funded Warrants 

Issuance
 of vested RSUs, net of shares held back to offset tax 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 June 30, 2024 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants 

Conversion of related party debt into Pre-Funded Warrants 

Issuance
 of vested RSUs, net of shares held back to offset tax 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

AGRIFY CORPORATION 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

For
 the nine months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net income (loss) attributable
 to Agrify Corporation 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income (loss) attributable to Agrify Corporation to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount
 (premium) 

Amortization of issuance
 costs 

Amortization of right of
 use assets 

Stock based compensation
 expense 

Change in fair value of
 warrant liabilities 

Loss on extinguishment
 of long-term debt, net 

Change in provision for
 credit losses, net 

Change in inventory reserves 

Loss on abandonment of
 CIP projects 

(Gain) loss on disposal
 of property and equipment 

Gain on early termination
 of lease 

Gain on settlement of contingent
 liabilities 

Change in accrued acquisition
 liabilities due to issuance of held-back shares 

Loss attributable to non-controlling
 interests 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities,
 net of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Other non-current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Net cash
 and cash equivalents used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Purchases of property and
 equipment 

Proceeds from disposal
 of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of marketable
 securities 

Issuance of loans receivable 

Proceeds from repayment
 of loans receivable 

Net cash
 and cash equivalents provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock through an S-1 and Pre-Funded
Warrants offering 

Proceeds from issuance
 of Common Stock through an at the market offering, net of fees 

Proceeds from Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan Shares 

Proceeds from exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants 

Proceeds from issuance
 of related party notes 

Repayments of notes payable,
 other 

Repayment of debt in private
 placement 

Payments on other financing
 loans 

Payments on insurance financing
 loans 

Payments of financing leases 

Net cash
 and cash equivalents provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents
 at the beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents
 at the end of period 

Supplemental disclosures 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosures
 of non-cash flow information 

Cashless exercise of High-Trail
 warrants 

Financing of prepaid insurance 

Transfer of loans receivable
 from noncurrent to current 

Transfer of property and
 equipment to inventory 

Reclassification of liability classified Pre-Funded Warrants to equity 

Conversion of related party
 debt into warrants 

Accrued interest consolidated
 into related party debt 

Contribution from troubled
 debt restructuring with related party 

Consolidation of related
 party debt principal 

Conversion of convertible
 notes into equity 

Non-cash amounts of lease
 liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

million in its
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the Company was no longer in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) (the Listing
Rule 5550(b)(1) ), which requires that listed companies maintain a minimum of million in stockholders equity. In response,
the Company timely requested a hearing before a Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ), which stayed any further action by the
Staff. The hearing was held on January 11, 2024. The Company arrived at the hearing having previously cured any additional grounds for
delisting as a result of delinquent periodic filings during 2023 by making all filings prior to the hearing. 

per share, which is the minimum closing price required to maintain continued listing
on the Nasdaq Stock Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Requirement ). The Notice had no immediate
effect on the listing of the Company s Common Stock on Nasdaq. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company
has 180 calendar days to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement. The compliance period for the Company expired on September
3, 2024. On September 4, 2024, the Staff notified the company in writing that it was eligible for an additional 180-day compliance period,
or until March 3, 2025, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement. On October 8, 2024, . On October 22, 2024, the Staff notified the Company that
it had regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement. 

6 

of Agrify Brand s equity interests, the remaining equity interests in Agrify Brands are owned by unrelated
third parties, and the agreement with these third parties provides the Company with greater voting power as the majority owner. Accordingly,
the Company consolidates its interest in the financial statements of Agrify Brands under the VIE rules and reflects the third parties 
interests in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as a non-controlling interest. The Company records this non-controlling
interest at its initial fair value, adjusting the basis prospectively for the third parties share of the respective consolidated
investments net income or loss or equity contributions and distributions. These non-controlling interests are not redeemable by
the equity holders and are presented as part of permanent equity. Income and losses are allocated to the non-controlling interest holders
based on its economic ownership percentage. 

7 

million. The Company
also has an accumulated deficit of million as of September 30, 2024. The Company s primary sources of liquidity are its cash
and cash equivalents and marketable securities, with additional liquidity accessible, subject to market conditions and other factors,
including limitations that may apply to the Company under applicable SEC regulations, from the capital market. As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had million of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. The Company had no restricted cash as of September
30, 2024. Current liabilities were million as of September 30, 2024. 

million via the issuance of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants in a public
offering through Alexander Capital, LP Alexander Capital that is recorded within Common Stock and additional paid-in capital
on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. During this period, the Company also raised an additional 
million in proceeds through the issuance of notes to related parties. The Company intends to raise additional capital later this year
to support its 2024 and 2025 funding needs. The Company also continues to make additional adjustments in headcount, salary, travel, sales
and marketing spending, but there is no guarantee that these ongoing cost-cutting efforts or capital raises will be sufficient to maintain
operations. 

8 

Customer B 

Company Customer Number 125 

Company Customer Number 9142 

Company Customer Number 15095 

Company Customer Number 10888 

Borrower - 02 

9 

to Furniture and fixtures Software Vehicles Research and development of laboratory equipment Machinery and equipment to Leased equipment to Trade show assets to Leasehold improvements Lower of estimated useful life or remaining lease term 

10 

11 

12 

million
and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company s reserve for warranty returns is included
in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in its unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. Additional information regarding
the Company s warranty reserve may be found in Note 3 Supplemental Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet Information, included
elsewhere in the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

13 

Transferred over time 

Total revenue 

In accordance with ASC 606-10-50-13,
the Company is required to include disclosure on its remaining performance obligations as of the end of the current reporting period.
Due to the nature of the Company s contracts, these reporting requirements are not applicable because the majority of the Company s
remaining contracts meet certain exemptions as defined in ASC 606-10-50-14 through 606-10-50-14A, including (i) performance obligation
is part of a contract that has an original expected duration of one year or less and (ii) the right to invoice practical expedient. 

Contract Liabilities 

Additions 

Recognized 

Contract liabilities end of period 

Contract liabilities balances
primarily consist of customer deposits on the Company s cultivation and extraction solutions equipment. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, all of the Company s contract liabilities balances were reported as current liabilities in the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheets. 

14 

Less allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivable, net 

(Recovery of) allowance for credit losses 

Accounts receivable written-off 

Allowance for credit losses - end of period 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid expenses, other 

Other receivables 

Prepaid software 

Prepaid materials 

Prepaid settlement asset 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

The Company recorded in the
fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2023 a prepaid settlement asset in connection with the Modification and Settlement Agreement
entered into with Mack Molding Co. as described in detail within Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies. This amount represents
the value of warrants to be issued to Mack Molding Co. upon satisfaction of the terms of the settlement agreement and one thousand
prepayment to Mack Molding Co. During the quarter ended March 31, 2024, the conditions of the agreement were met and the prepaid settlement
asset was derecognized and recorded into gain on settlement of contingent liabilities upon the closing of the settlement. 

15 

Machinery and equipment 

Software 

Computer and office equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Research and development laboratory equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Trade show assets 

Vehicles 

Total property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Construction in progress 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively, and and million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Depreciation expense is recorded within general and administrative, selling
and marketing, and research and development depending on the nature of the related property and equipment. 

Construction in Progress CIP includes all direct and indirect costs related to the construction, development, or acquisition of tangible property
and equipment that is not yet ready for use. All costs incurred during the construction phase are accumulated in the CIP account. Costs
remain in the CIP account until the asset is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Once the asset is ready for use, the
total accumulated costs are transferred from the CIP account to the appropriate property and equipment account. The asset is then depreciated
over its estimated useful life from the date it is placed into service. CIP is reviewed regularly to ensure that all costs are accurate
and that the project is progressing as planned. Any indication of impairment is assessed, and if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable
amount, an impairment loss is recognized. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company sold property and equipment with a cost basis of ,000 in exchange for proceeds of ,000, resulting
in a gain of ,000. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company disposed certain property and equipment for
a loss of ,000, including ,000 of research and development laboratory equipment recorded as research and development expense on
the statements of operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company retired certain fully depreciated
property and equipment which had an original cost of ,000 and ,000, respectively. 

During the year ended December
31, 2023, the Company sold property and equipment in exchange for proceeds of ,000, resulting in a gain of ,000. During the year
ended December 31, 2023, the Company retired certain fully depreciated property and equipment which had an original cost of ,000. 

16 

Accrued construction costs 

Accrued professional fees 

Compensation related fees 

Stock subscription payable 

Accrued warranty expenses 

Accrued interest expense 

Accrued consulting fees 

Accrued inventory purchases 

Accrued acquisition liabilities 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Sales tax payable 

Sales tax payable primarily
represents identified sales and use tax liabilities arising from our 2021 acquisitions of Precision Extraction Newco, LLC Precision and Cascade Sciences, LLC Cascade from Sinclair Scientific, LLC Sinclair ). These amounts are included as part
of our initial purchase price allocations and are the subject matter of an indemnification claim under the Precision and Cascade acquisition
agreement. 

Accrued acquisition liabilities 

Resulting from the 2021 acquisitions
of Precision and Cascade from Sinclair, the Company withheld from the transaction shares issuable to Precision and Cascade for the purpose
of securing any post-closing adjustment owed to the Company and any claim for indemnification or payment of damages to which the Company
may be entitled under the purchase agreement. The accrued acquisition liabilities as of December 31, 2023 represent the value of this
held back Common Stock at the price per share at the time of the transaction. 

On June 15, 2023, the Company
and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Precision, filed an Amended Verified Complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against
Sinclair and certain individual defendants (the Delaware Action ). The claims filed in the Delaware Action concern various
breaches of the plan of merger and equity purchase agreement dated September 29, 2021, by and between the Company, Sinclair, Mass2Media,
LLC, and certain of their members (the Merger Agreement ). In response to the Delaware Action, certain of the defendants
filed counterclaims for breach of contract and declaratory judgment against the Company and Precision alleging breach of the Merger Agreement.
Pursuant to a Settlement and Release Agreement, dated December 14, 2023, the Company and Sinclair dismissed all legal claims and entered
into a settlement for an undisclosed amount. As a result of this settlement, the Company derecognized the accrued acquisition liability
and issued the held back Common Stock in the first quarter of 2024 at Agrify s price per share at the time of issuance. The difference
between the value of the shares at issuance and the derecognized liabilities was recorded as a gain within change in contingent consideration
within the Company s condensed and consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

17 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities - January 2022 warrants 

Warrant liabilities - March 2022 warrants 

Warrant liabilities - August 2022 warrants 

Warrant liabilities - December 2022 warrants 

Total liabilities 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company has certain financial
instruments which consist of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, loans receivable, accounts payable,
accrued expenses, contingent consideration, operating lease liabilities, long-term debt, related party debt, and warrant liabilities.
Fair value information for each of these instruments as well as other balances of the Company are as follows: 

Cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable, and accrued
expenses approximate their fair value based on the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Marketable securities classified as current held-to-maturity
securities are recorded at amortized cost, which at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximated fair value. 

Accounts receivable and loans receivable are presented net
of an allowance for estimated credit losses, which approximates fair value. 

The Company s contingent consideration was recorded
in connection with acquisitions during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 using an estimated fair value discount at the time
of the transactions. As of December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the deferred consideration approximated fair value. 

18 

thousand for both periods, respectively. 

Warrant Liabilities 

The estimated fair value
of the warrant liabilities on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Black-Scholes
option-pricing model are assumptions used in calculating the estimated fair values that represent the Company s best estimate. The
volatility rate is determined utilizing the Company s own share price and the share price of competitors over time. 

However, inherent uncertainties
are involved. If factors or assumptions change, the estimated fair values could be materially different. 

Exercise price 

Expected term (in Years) 

Volatility 

Discount rate - treasury yield 

19 

Initial fair value of issued warrant liabilities 

Exercise of warrants 

Reclassification of warrant liabilities to equity 

Change in estimated fair value 

Warrant liabilities end of period 

-year period, which includes:
access to capital for construction costs, the design and build-out of their cultivation and extraction facilities, state-of-the-art cultivation
and extraction equipment, subscription to the Company s Agrify Insights , process design, training, implementation, proven
grow recipes, product formulations, data analytics, and consumer branding. 

Customer 125 

Customer 24096 

Allowance for credit losses 

Total loan receivable, net of allowance for credit losses 

Less: current portion 

Total loan receivable, net of current 

20 

per annum. 

In the third quarter of 2022,
the Company became aware that Bud Mary s was not in compliance with all debt covenants as defined in the governing loan agreement
dated May 12, 2021, which resulted in the Company issuing a loan acceleration letter to Bud Mary s on September 15, 2022,
demanding full repayment of the loan. Consequently, the Company established a reserve of million specifically related to Bud 
Mary s. As of September 30, 2024, the allowance related to Bud Mary s was reduced to million, reflecting a recovery
of allowance for credit losses resulting from a loan repayment of thousand that was previously included in the allowance. 

Hannah Industries Hannah -
Customer 125 

On May 10, 2021 the company
executed an agreement with our customer, Hannah, under the TTK solution program to provide financing and project management for the build
out and development of their cultivation facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was unable to provide additional financing. As
a result, the Company concluded that the existing receivable due from Hannah was impaired as of this date. Given the uncertainty around
Hannah s ability to repay the outstanding balance of the loan as well as the absence of value attributed to any collateral from
Hannah, an allowance for credit losses was recognized for of the total outstanding receivable balance as of December 31, 2022. The
Company recognized an allowance for credit losses related to the Hannah loan receivable in the amount of million as of December 31,
2022. In October 2023, the Company remitted an additional thousand to Hannah under the TTK Solution program, on which an allowance
was not recorded since the payment signals progress toward completion of the project. Therefore the allowance on the Hannah loan remains
at million as of September 30, 2024. 

Once the project is completed,
the customer will begin making monthly payments based on its cannabis harvest. 

Nevada Holistics Treehouse - Customer 24096 

On December 21, 2021 the
company executed an agreement with our customer, Nevada Holistics, under the TTK solution program to provide financing and project management
for the build out and development of their cultivation facility. As of September 30, 2024, Nevada Holistics has a current balance of 
million due to the company in relation to the loan under the TTK Solution program. The project went live in the second quarter of 2023.
After the 90 day period for Treehouse s first harvest, the customer was given an additional 6-month grace period which ended in
the first quarter of 2024. Upon completion of this grace period, the Company began invoicing the customer each month for a portion of
the outstanding loan balance. The borrower had previously agreed to begin making monthly payments in the second quarter of 2024 based
on what it produces through harvests, though no payments have yet been received and negotiations have been ongoing. Monthly payments would
be calculated based off of the Production Success Fees generated from each harvest. Upon issuance of each invoice to Treehouse, that portion
of the loan is reclassified into loan receivable, current on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

21 

Inventory for resale 

Prepaid inventory 

Raw materials 

Inventory, gross 

Inventory reserves 

Total inventory, net 

Inventory Reserves 

The Company establishes an
inventory reserve for obsolete, slow moving, and defective inventory. The Company calculates inventory reserves for obsolete, slow moving,
or defective items as the difference between the cost of inventory and its estimated net realizable value. The reserves are based upon
management s expected method of disposition. 

2024 CP Acquisitions Notes 

CP Acquisitions Junior Secured Note 

GIC Acquisition Note 

Total related party debt 

Less: current portion 

Related party debt, net of current 

Long-term debt: 

PPP Loan 

Other notes payable (1) 

Exchange Note 

Convertible Note 

Unamortized debt premium 

Total long-term debt 

Less: current portion 

Long-term debt, net of current 

thousand and the outstanding balance of the loan from Navitas Credit Corp. of thousand.
Other notes payable as of December 31, 2024 related to a one-year insurance premium that was financed over nine months. 

22 

million (the Exchange Note to High Trail Special Situations
LLC (the Original Lender ). The Exchange Note was a senior secured obligation of the Company and ranked senior to all indebtedness
of the Company. The Exchange Note had an original maturity date of August 18, 2025 (the Original Maturity Date and contains
a annualized interest rate, with interest to be paid monthly, in cash, beginning September 1, 2022. The principal amount of the Exchange
Note would be payable on the Original Maturity Date, provided that the Original Lender was entitled to a cash sweep of of the proceeds
received by the Company in connection with any equity financing, which will reduce the outstanding principal amount under the Exchange
Note. 

On March 8, 2023, the Company
entered into a Securities Exchange Agreement (the Exchange Agreement with the Original Lender. Pursuant to the Exchange
Agreement, at closing the Company prepaid approximately million in principal amount under the Exchange Note and exchanged 
million of the remaining principal balance of the Exchange Note for a new senior secured convertible note (the Convertible Note with an original principal amount of million. After the closing of the Exchange Agreement, the Exchange Note had a remaining balance
of million. Refer to Consolidated CP Acquisitions Note below for subsequent activity related to the balance originating
from this note. 

Convertible Note 

In connection with the Exchange
Agreement the Company issued the Convertible Note, which bore a annualized interest rate, with interest to be paid monthly, in cash,
beginning April 1, 2023. The principal amount of the Convertible Note would be payable on the Original Maturity Date, provided that the
Original Lender was entitled to a cash sweep of of the proceeds of any at-the-market equity offering and of the proceeds received
by the Company in connection with any other equity financing, which would reduce the outstanding principal amount under the Exchange Note
or the Convertible Note. 

At any time, the Company may
prepay all of the Convertible Note by redemption at a price equal to of the then-outstanding principal amount under the Convertible
Note plus accrued but unpaid interest. The Original Lender had the option of requiring the Company to redeem the Convertible Note (i)
on August 19, 2023 or August 19, 2024 at a price equal to the then-outstanding principal amount under the Convertible Note plus accrued
but unpaid interest, provided that the redemption right on August 19, 2023 will not be exercisable if the Company raises at least 
million in gross proceeds from equity offerings prior to such date, or (ii) if the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined
below) at a price equal to of the then-outstanding principal amount under the Convertible Note plus accrued but unpaid interest. 

The Convertible Note imposed
certain customary affirmative and negative covenants upon the Company, as well as covenants that will (i) restrict the Company and its
subsidiaries from incurring any additional indebtedness or suffering any liens, subject to specified exceptions, (ii) restrict the ability
of the Company and its subsidiaries from making certain investments, subject to specified exceptions, and (iii) restrict the declaration
of any dividends or other distributions, subject to specified exceptions. If an event of default under the Convertible Note occurs, the
Original Lender can elect to redeem the Convertible Note for cash equal to (A) of the then-outstanding principal amount of the Convertible
Note (or such lesser principal amount accelerated by the Original Lender), plus accrued and unpaid interest, including default interest,
which accrues at a rate per annum equal to from the date of a default or event of default, or, only in connection with certain events
of default, (B) the greater of the amount under clause (A) or the sum of (i) of the product of (a) the conversion rate in effect
as of the trading day immediately preceding the date that the Original Lender delivers a notice of acceleration; (b) the total then outstanding
principal amount under the Convertible Note (in thousands); and (c) the greater of (1) the highest daily volume weighted average price VWAP per share of Common Stock occurring during the fifteen consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading
day immediately before the date the Original Lender delivers such notice and (2) the highest daily VWAP per share of Common Stock occurring
during the fifteen consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading immediately before the date the applicable event of
default occurred and (ii) the accrued and unpaid interest on the Convertible Note. 

Until the date the Convertible
Note was fully repaid, the Original Lender had, subject to certain exceptions, the right to participate for up to of any offering
of debt, equity (other than an offering of solely Common Stock), or equity-linked securities, including without limitation any debt, preferred
stock or other instrument or security, of the Company or its subsidiaries. 

23 

, subject to customary adjustments for certain corporate
events. The conversion of the Convertible Note would be subject to certain customary conditions. The Convertible Note could not be converted
into shares of Common Stock if such conversion would result in the Original Lender and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess
of of the then-outstanding shares of Common Stock, provided that upon 61 days notice, such ownership limitation may be adjusted
by the Original Lender, but in any case, to no greater than . 

The
Company evaluated the embedded features in accordance with ASC 815-15-25 and determined that the embedded features are not required to
be bifurcated and separately measured at fair value. 

On April 26, 2023, the Original
Lender elected to convert million of the remaining outstanding principal amount on the Convertible Note for shares of Common
Stock of the Company. 

On May 1, 2023, the Company
entered into a letter agreement with the Original Lender, pursuant to which the Company and the Original Lender agreed to exchange or
redeem million of the remaining outstanding principal amount under the Exchange Note for a total of shares of Common Stock
of the Company, subject to a Beneficial Ownership Limitation of of the Company s Common Stock. Due to the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation of , a total of shares of Common Stock of the Company were issued to the Original Lender, with the remaining 
shares held in abeyance until the balance (or portion thereof) may be issued in compliance with such limitations. As a result, the Company
recognized a loss on the redemption of approximately . Refer to Consolidated CP Acquisitions Note below for subsequent
activity related to the balance originating from this note. 

CP Acquisitions Junior Secured Note 

On October 27, 2023, CP Acquisitions LLC CP Acquisitions ),
an entity affiliated with and controlled by the Company s former Chief Executive Officer and a former member of the Company s
Board of Directors, purchased the Exchange Note and the Convertible Note from the Original Lender (the Note Purchase ). In
connection with the Note Purchase, CP Acquisitions has agreed to waive any events of default under the acquired notes through December
31, 2023. As part of the same transaction, the Company issued a junior secured promissory note (the Junior Secured Note to CP Acquisitions. Pursuant to the Junior Secured Note, CP Acquisitions will lend up to million to the Company. The Junior Secured
Note bears interest at a rate of per annum, will mature in full on , and may be prepaid without any fee or penalty.
On December 4, 2023, CP Acquisitions and the Company amended and restated the Junior Secured Note agreement. Pursuant to the terms of
the amendment, the maximum principal amount that may be loaned by CP Acquisitions to the Company was increased to million and extended
the maturity date thereon to . Refer to Consolidated CP Acquisitions Note below for subsequent activity
related to the balance originating from this note. 

Convertible Note Forgiveness 

On November 30, 2023, CP Acquisitions
agreed to forgive million of the principal amount outstanding on the Convertible Note (the Principal Forgiveness ).
The Principal Forgiveness was accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring under ASC 470, as 1) the Company was determined to be experiencing
financial difficulties as defined by the ASC, and 2) the Principal Forgiveness was deemed a concession by CP Acquisitions. Per ASC 470-60-35-5,
a debtor in a troubled debt restructuring involving only modification of terms of a payable (i.e., not involving a transfer of assets
or grant of an equity interest) shall account for the effects of the restructuring prospectively from the time of restructuring and shall
not change the carrying amount of the payable at the time of the restructuring unless the carrying amount exceeds the total future cash
payments specified by the new terms. As the future undiscounted cash flows were greater than or equal to the net carrying value of the
original debt, the carrying amount of the debt at the time of the restructuring was not changed. 

Consolidated CP Acquisitions Note 

On January 25, 2024, the
Company and CP Acquisitions consolidated the outstanding principal and interest due under the Junior Secured Note and the Exchange Note
as well as the interest due under the Convertible Note into the Convertible Note (collectively, with the Junior Secured Note and the Exchange
Note, the Consolidated Notes ), and amended and restated the Convertible Note under a Senior Secured Amended, Restated, and
Consolidated Convertible Note agreement (the Restated Note having a total outstanding principal of (the New
Lender Debt Consolidation ). The Restated Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and will mature in full on December 31,
2025. The Company may redeem all or a portion not less than million of principal at any time at a price equal to of the redeemed
principal amount plus accrued but unpaid interest. 

24 

, subject to customary adjustments for certain corporate events.
The conversion of the Restated Note will be subject to certain customary conditions. The Restated Note may not be converted into shares
of Common Stock if such conversion would result in CP Acquisitions and its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of of the
then-outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Immediately following the
execution of the Restated Note, CP Acquisitions elected to convert approximately million of outstanding principal into an aggregate
of shares of Common Stock (the January Conversion having a fair value of approximately million. As the January
Conversion was exercised by the CP Acquisitions in conjunction and in connection with the New Lender Debt Consolidation, the two transactions
combined were considered a modification of the total debt outstanding with CP Acquisitions (the CP Debt Restructuring ). 

The CP Debt Restructuring
was accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring under ASC 470, as 1) the Company was determined to be experiencing financial difficulties
as defined by the ASC, and 2) the CP Debt Restructuring was deemed to result in a concession by CP Acquisitions. The Company performed
a comparison of the undiscounted cash flows associated with the Restated Note subsequent to the CP Debt Restructuring to the carrying
value of the Consolidated Notes as of the CP Debt Restructuring date. The net carrying value of the Consolidated Notes was determined
to exceed the undiscounted future cash flows of the Restated Note after consideration of the January Conversion by approximately 
(the CP Debt Restructuring Excess Carrying Value ). The Restated Note was thus written down to the amount of the undiscounted
future cash flows on the Restated Note from the CP Restructuring date to maturity. Further, as CP Acquisitions was a related party of
the Company, the CP Debt Restructuring Excess Carrying Value was accounted for as a capital transaction and no gain or loss was recognized
related to the restructuring. 

Aggregate interest expense
related to the CP Acquisitions Note described above was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

GIC Acquisition Note 

On July 12, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the
issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the GIC Note , and, collectively with the Consolidated Note, the Related
Party Notes to GIC Acquisition, LLC GIC ), an entity that is owned and managed by the Company s former Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the GIC Note, GIC is obligated to lend up to million to the Company, million of which
was delivered at issuance and the remaining million delivered on July 31, 2023. The GIC Note bore interest at a rate of per annum,
would mature in full on August 6, 2023, and could be prepaid without any fee or penalty. The GIC Note ranks junior to all existing secured
indebtedness of the Company. On October 27, 2023, the maturity date of the GIC Note was subsequently amended to December 31, 2024 at which
point principal and accrued interest will be repaid in full. Interest expense incurred on the GIC Note amounted to for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to Amendment of Related Party Notes below for subsequent activity related to the
balance originating from this note. 

Amendment of Related Party Notes 

On May 21, 2024, the Company
and CP Acquisitions entered into an amendment to the Restated Note (the Consolidated Note Amendment ), pursuant to which
CP Acquisitions may elect, in lieu of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Restated Note, to instead receive Pre-Funded
Warrants Pre-Funded Warrants ). The conversion price applicable to the Pre-Funded Warrants will remain unchanged at . 

Immediately following the
execution of the Consolidated Note Amendment, CP Acquisitions elected to convert million of outstanding principal into a Pre-Funded
Warrant exercisable at issuance for up to shares of Common Stock having a fair value of approximately million (the CP
Warrant Conversion ). 

25 

million, extend the maturity
date to December 31, 2025, and provide that the Restated Junior Note may be converted into Common Stock of the Company or, at GIC s
election, Pre-Funded Warrants, in each case at a conversion price of . 

Immediately following the
execution of the Restated GIC Note, GIC elected to convert all of the outstanding principal under the Restated GIC Note into a Pre-Funded
Warrant exercisable at issuance for up to shares of Common Stock having a fair value of approximately million (the GIC
Warrant Conversion , and, collectively with the CP Warrant Conversion, the Related Party Warrant Conversions ). 

As the Related Party Warrant
Conversions were exercised in connection with the Related Party Debt Amendments by CP Acquisitions and GIC, related party lenders under
common control (the Related Party Lenders ), the transactions combined were considered a modification of the total debt outstanding
with the related parties (the Related Party Debt Restructuring ). 

The Related Party Debt Restructuring
was accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring under ASC 470, as 1) the Company was determined to be experiencing financial difficulties
as defined by the ASC, and 2) the Related Party Debt Restructuring was deemed to result in a concession by the Related Party Lenders.
The Company performed a comparison of the aggregated undiscounted cash flows associated with the Related Party Notes subsequent to the
Related Party Debt Restructuring to the aggregate carrying value of the Related Party Notes as of the Related Party Debt Restructuring
date. The net carrying value of the Related Party Notes was determined to exceed the undiscounted future cash flows of the Related Party
Notes as modified by the Related Party Debt Restructuring by approximately (the Related Party Debt Restructuring Excess
Carrying Value ). The aggregate carrying value of the Related Party Notes was thus written down to the amount of the undiscounted
future cash flows on the Related Party Notes from the Related Party Debt Restructuring date to maturity (the Restructured Related
Party Debt ). Further, as the Related Party Lenders are related parties of the Company, the Related Party Debt Restructuring Excess
Carrying Value was accounted for as a capital transaction and no gain or loss was recognized related to the restructuring. 

The carrying value of the
Consolidated CP Acquisitions Note as a result of the Related Party Debt Restructuring was approximately million at September 30,
2024. 

CP Acquisitions Promissory Note 

On August 14, 2024, the Company
issued a junior secured promissory note (the 2024 CP Note to CP Acquisitions. Pursuant to the 2024 CP Note, CP Acquisitions
would lend up to to the Company. The 2024 CP Note bears interest at a rate of per annum, will mature in full on July 1,
2025, and may be prepaid without any fee or penalty. The note was subsequently amended to lend up to to the Company. The 2024
CP Note is secured by the Company s assets and ranks junior to existing secured indebtedness of the Company. The 2024 CP Note may
be converted into Common Stock of the Company or, at CP Acquisitions election, Pre-Funded Warrants with an exercise price of 
per share, in each case at a conversion price of . Borrowings under the 2024 CP Note during the nine months ended September 30,
2024 totaled million. Interest expense incurred on the 2024 CP Note amounted to approximately for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024. 

2025 

2026 

Total future payments 

26 

and , respectively. 

The Company had several non-cancelable
finance leases for machinery and equipment, all of which ended or were terminated during 2023. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had
no active finance leases. 

The Company has several non-cancellable
operating leases for corporate offices, warehouses, showrooms, research and development facilities and vehicles. The Company s leases
have remaining lease terms of one year to four years, some of which include options to extend. Some leases include payment for communal
area maintenance associated with the property. Cash paid for operating leases during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
were and , respectively. 

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, one of the Company s leased assets was sold by the lessor to another counterparty, effectively cancelling the remainder
of the lease with the Company. There were no penalties arising from the cancellation. The Company recognized a gain on early termination
in the amount of thousand in the period, calculated as the difference between the remaining right-of-use asset and lease liability
at the time of termination. 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total lease cost 

years years Weighted-average remaining lease term finance leases 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate operating leases Weighted-average discount rate finance leases 

Total lease assets Liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Operating lease liabilities, non-current Total operating lease liabilities 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less discount 

Total lease liabilities 

27 

shares of its Common Stock,
and, in lieu of Common Stock to certain investors that so chose, Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of its Common Stock (the
 S-1 Offering ). The public offering price for each share of Common Stock was , and the offering price for each Pre-Funded
Warrant is , which equals the public offering price per share of the Common Stock, less the per share exercise price of each
Pre-Funded Warrant. 

The Company issued 
warrants to purchase Common Stock to Alexander Capital (the Placement Agents Warrants ). The Placement Agents Warrants were
classified as equity warrants and recorded under additional paid-in capital in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Placement
Agents Warrants have a five-year term and exercise price of of the offering price, and are subject to adjustment for stock splits,
reverse stock splits, stock dividends, and similar transactions. The Placement Agents Warrants will be exercisable on a cash basis, unless
there is not an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the shares issuable upon exercise of the Placement Agents Warrants
or if shareholder approval for the full exercise of the Placement Agents Warrants are not received, in which case the Placement Agents
Warrants will also be exercisable on a cashless exercise basis at Alexander Capital s election. 

The measurement of fair value
of the Placement Agents Warrants were determined utilizing a Black-Scholes model considering all relevant assumptions current at the date
of issuance (i.e., share price of , exercise price of , term of , volatility of , risk-free rate of , and
expected dividend rate of ). The grant date fair value of these Placement Agents Warrants was estimated to be on February 27,
2024, and is reflected within additional paid-in capital as of September 30, 2024. 

Equity Line of Credit Facility 

On August 28, 2024, we entered
into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement and a registration rights agreement with Ionic Ventures, LLC Ionic ),
pursuant to which Ionic committed to purchase up to an aggregate of million of our Common Stock, subject to certain limitations,
from time to time and at our sole discretion over the 36-month term of the Purchase Agreement. 

From and after the date the
registration statement relating to the resale of the shares sold to Ionic was declared effective, November 5, 2024, we may from time to
time on any business day, by written notice delivered by us to Ionic, direct Ionic to purchase between and of shares
of Common Stock on such business day, at a purchase price per share that will be equal to (or if the Common Stock is not then
trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market) of the lowest daily VWAP over a specified measurement period beginning after the delivery of the
purchase notice, as described further in the Purchase Agreement (each, a Regular Purchase ). The Purchase Agreement also
permitted us to deliver an exemption purchase notice for on the date of signing, with the shares so purchased to be delivered
following the Commencement Date, and we delivered an exemption purchase notice for for the purchase by Ionic of shares
of Common Stock. We will control the timing and amount of any sales of Common Stock to Ionic pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. Ionic
has no right to require us to sell any shares of Common Stock to Ionic, but Ionic is obligated to make purchases as we direct, subject
to certain conditions. 

Related Party Warrant Issuance 

On May 21, 2024, in connection
with the Consolidated Note Amendment, the Company issued and Pre-Funded Warrants to GIC Acquisitions and CP Acquisitions
(the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants ), respectively, in exchange of notes payable amounting approximately to million
and million, respectively. The Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants can be used to purchase Company s Common Stock with par value
of at an exercise price of . The Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants have been identified as freestanding financial instruments
and were determined not to be indexed to the Company s own stock. Accordingly, the Warrants are precluded from being classified
within equity and classified as a liability with subsequent changes in fair value recognized each reporting period in earnings. The fair
value of the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants on the issuance date was determined as the intrinsic value. 

28 

to greater than . The classification of the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants was reassessed
upon the modification and the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants were determined to meet all of the additional requirements for equity
classification. Accordingly, as of June 30, 2024, the Company remeasured the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants to its fair value immediately
prior to the modification and recognized the change in fair value of approximately million in earnings. The Company then reclassified
the Pre-Funded Warrant liability to stockholders equity at its post-modification fair value of million. 

On August 12, 2024, the stockholders
of the Company approved a proposal to amend the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants to add the Adjustment Provisions at a future date. Pursuant
to that approval, on August 28, 2024, the Company entered into amendments to the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants to insert the Adjustment
Provisions. This resulted in a reassessment of the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants such that they no longer met the requirements for
equity classification and became classified as liabilities. They were remeasured to their fair value upon modification, resulting in a
reduction in value of approximately million. The fair value, as of August 28, 2024, of was reclassified to a warrant liability.
As a result of the warrant amendments and the subsequent issuance of shares of Common Stock to Ionic at an effective purchase
price of per share of Common Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrant held by
CP Acquisitions was adjusted to and the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrant held
by GIC Acquisition was adjusted to . On August 30, 2024, CP Acquisitions partially exercised its Pre-Funded Warrant and entities
affiliated with Raymond Chang and I-Tseng Jenny Chan received an aggregate of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise. 

On September 27, 2024, the
Company executed an amendment to the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants to remove the Adjustment Provisions. Accordingly, the Related Party
Pre-Funded Warrants met the requirements for equity classification. The amendment also included a provision preventing the holders from
any additional exercise of either of the Related Party Pre-Funded Warrants at any time between September 27, 2024 and October 9, 2024.
They were remeasured to their fair value upon modification resulting in an increase to the fair value of . The fair value as
of September 27, 2024 of was reclassified to equity. 

shares and additional shares
issued upon approval by the Board of Directors on January 8, 2024. On August 12, 2024, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment
to the 2022 Plan to increase the number of shares issuable thereunder by . Shares will be deemed to have been issued under the
2022 Plan solely to the extent actually issued and delivered pursuant to an award. The 2022 Plan shall continue in effect, unless sooner
terminated, until the tenth anniversary of the date on which it was adopted by the Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024, there
were shares of Common Stock available to be granted under the Company s 2022 Plan. 

The Company s stock
compensation expense was million an d million for the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The Company s
stock compensation expense was million and million for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. 

29 

. There were and options outstanding with a weighted
average exercise price of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were options
vested and exercisable with a weighted average exercise price of as of September 30, 2024. There were options vested and
expected to vest with a weighted average exercise price of as of September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024,
total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested options was , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of years. 

14,580.00 41,520.00 43,470.00 

14,580.00 23,040.00 41,520.00 43,470.00 

Restricted Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024,
total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units was , which is expected to be recognized over
a weighted average period of years. 

30 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Warrants outstanding at September 30, 2024 

The Company received proceeds from the exercise
of Pre-Funded Warrants of for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There was no provision
for (benefit from) income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There is no difference
between the Company s effective tax rates for the 2024 and 2023 periods. There was no change in the provision for (benefit from)
income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average Common Stock outstanding 

Net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted 

As of September 30, 2024, the
Company had an outstanding principal balance under the Restated Note and Consolidated Notes of approximately million convertible
into shares of Common Stock. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company also converted a portion of the convertible
notes into shares of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock. Given the nominal exercise
price of the Company s issuance of Pre-Funded Warrants, such Pre-Funded Warrants are included in in the calculation of basic net
income (loss) per share and weighted for the period outstanding from issuance to September 30, 2024. The exercise price per warrant is
deemed non-substantive when compared to the fair value of the underlying common shares. 

31 

Shares subject to unvested restricted stock units 

Shares subject to outstanding warrants 

million note receivable balance due to the current litigation and the uncertainty of the customer s ability to repay the balance.
As of September 30, 2024, the allowance related to Bud Mary s was reduced to million, reflecting a recovery of allowance
for credit losses resulting from a loan repayment of thousand that was previously included in the allowance. The million represents
the amount of the contingent loss that the Company has determined to be reasonably possible and estimable. The actual cost of resolving
this matter may be higher or lower than the amount the Company has reserved. If the Company is unable to realize revenue from its TTK
Solution offerings on a timely basis or at all, or if it incurs an additional loss as a result of the Bud Mary s claim, the
Company s business and financial performance will be adversely affected. On November 14, 2022, the Company filed its answers and
affirmative defenses to the Bud Mary Complaint and counterclaims. The Company is seeking, among other relief, monetary damages in
connection with the breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, unjust enrichment, and enforcement
of the guarantees. This matter is still actively ongoing. A Rule 16 Litigation Control Conference is scheduled for December 4, 2024. 

Bowdoin Construction Corp. Litigation 

On February 22, 2023, Bowdoin
Construction Corp. Bowdoin filed a complaint in the Superior Court of Massachusetts in Norfolk County, Massachusetts,
naming the Company (the Bowdoin Complaint ), Bud Mary s and certain related parties as defendants, captioned
Bowdoin Construction Corp. v. Agrify Corporation, Bud Mary s Cultivation, Inc. and BMLC2, LLC, case no. 2382CV00173. The Bowdoin
Complaint relates to a construction contract between Bowdoin and the Company relating to the property that is the subject of the Bud 
Mary s Complaint, and alleges breach of contract by Bud Mary s and by the Company due to nonpayment of approximately
 million due under the contract and related indemnification claims and mechanics liens. million is included in accounts
payable and thousand is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Two
of Bowdoin s subcontractors, Hannon Electric, Inc.and Electric Supply Center Corp, have filed a separate suits against Agrify in
the amount of million and thousand, respectively. These amounts are part of the million claimed in Bowdoin s Complaint.
The Company has denied liability in all such suits. Bowdoin and Agrify are attempting to work cooperatively to settle the subcontractor
disputes. A status conference will be held concerning this Litigation and consolidated related subcontractor suits in January 2025. 

32 

million towards the initial production
of VFUs during 2021. Since February 2021, the Company increased the purchase order with Mack to approximately million towards production
of VFUs during 2021 and 2022. The Company believed the supply agreement with Mack would provide the Company with increased scaling capabilities
and the ability to meet the potential future demand of its customers more efficiently. The supply agreement contemplates that, following
an introductory period, the Company negotiated a minimum percentage of the VFU requirements that the Company purchase from Mack each year
based on the agreed-upon pricing formula. The introductory period is not time-based but rather refers to the production of an initial
number of units after which the parties have rights to adjust pricing and negotiate a certain minimum requirements percentage. The Company
believed this approach would result in both parties making a more informed decision with respect to the pricing and other terms of the
supply agreement with Mack. On October 11, 2022, the Company received a million invoice from Mack for inventory purchased on the
Company s behalf to build VFUs. As part of the terms of the contract manufacturing agreement, Mack had the contractual right to
bill the Company for any inventory that had aged greater than nine months. Due to a slowdown in the demand for the VFUs and the lack of
a demand forecast that the Company could provide to the vendor, Mack exercised the right to invoice the Company for the slow-moving inventory.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a contingent liability in the amount of million, representing an estimate of the
amount payable to Mack with respect to the original Mack purchase agreement, and which was included in accounts payable in the condensed
consolidated balance sheet. On March 2, 2023, Mack filed an arbitration action seeking the amounts owed to Mack for purchased inventory.
On October 27, 2023, and effective as of October 18, 2023, Mack and the Company entered into a Modification and Settlement Agreement (the
 Modification Agreement with respect to the dispute rather than engaging in litigation through the courts. 

On February 29, 2024, the
Company met its contractual obligations under the terms of the Modification Agreement. In settlement of the dispute, the Company made
cash payments of and to Mack and issued to Mack a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock.
In the first quarter of 2024, management derecognized the previously recognized contingent liability, resulting in a credit of approximately
 million, recorded within gain on settlement of contingent liabilities, on the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations
during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 

On August 30, 2024, the Company
and Mack entered into an amendment to the Modification Agreement, which modified the payment terms and VFU purchase requirements under
the Modification Agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company agreed to make payments of million prior to October 31, 2024 (the
 October Payment and an additional million prior to December 31, 2024. The Company has not made the October Payment
as of the date hereof, however the Company is working with Mack to extend the date of the October Payment. The Company also agreed to
purchase at least 25 VFUs prior to October 31, 2024 and a further 25 VFUs between November 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024. Upon payment
in accordance with the terms of the amendment, the Company will be entitled to certain residual inventory in the possession of Mack, and
the warrant issued to Mack will be terminated. 

TRC Electronics Litigation 

The Company was named as
a defendant in a complaint filed by TRC Electronics, Inc. TRC on April 13, 2023 in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. In the complaint, TRC asserts two causes of action against the Company: (1) breach of contract,
and (2) promissory estoppel. TRC s claims are based on allegations that the Company failed to make payments due under three purchase
orders for commercial electronics parts. TRC seeks damages in the amount of , plus attorneys fees, costs, and post-judgment
interest. The Company has filed an answer denying liability on TRC s claims and is currently in the discovery process. 

33 

million alleging overbilling, breach of the Valiant Agreement, and
violation of Chapter 18.27 and 19.86 of the Revised Code of Washington. On March 5, 2024, McCutchan filed a complaint in the Superior
Court of Washington for King County naming the Company, Valiant, and certain related parties as defendants. In the complaint, McCutchan
asserts two causes of action against the Company: (1) breach of contract, (2) voidable contract, (3) interference with business or economic
expectancy, (4) unjust enrichment, and (5) defamation. McCutchan s claims are based on allegations of misrepresentations made by
the Company to pay McCutchan for work completed on the Project as well as a failure to pay under the Valiant Agreement. In the alternative,
McCutchan is alleging the Assignment is void and not a valid contract. McCutchan is seeking to collect no less than million against
the Company and all other named defendants. The parties are currently in the discovery process, initial discovery responses are due on
November 7, 2024. 

Valiant Group LLC 

The Company filed two separate complaints against Valiant for overbilling,
misrepresentation, and breach of contract for the Treehouse project in Nevada and Hannah Project in Washington. Agrify obtained
judgments against Valiant in Nevada for million for the Treehouse project and million in Washington for the Hannah Project.
Agrify has domesticated those judgments in Massachusetts and is seeking to enforce them against Valiant, its successor in interest, Intrepid
Investments LLC, and the principals of Valiant. Agrify filed an action for supplementary proceedings to collect on the judgments. The
action is in the early stages and there is no guarantee that the court would award the full amount and no guarantee that Agrify would
be able to successfully collect the full amount. 

Other Litigation 

In September 2023, the Company
settled a legal dispute with a specific customer that resulted in the recognition of a gain of approximately million, of which 
million was paid in October 2023, with the remaining approximate million to be paid in equal monthly installments, beginning in January,
2024. This gain was recognized as part of other income, net, per the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024, with the approximate million receivable balance recognized as part of prepaid expenses and
other current assets, per the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet, as of September 30, 2024. The settlement also resulted in
the return of equipment to the Company in October 2023. 

The Company is currently
pursuing 10 separate legal proceedings in attempting to collect approximately million outstanding receivables. The Company is not
confident that all legal proceedings and collection efforts will yield in positive results or return of equipment. 

On April 25, 2024, Medical
Investor Holdings, LLC dba Vertical Companies MIH filed a complaint against Agrify demanding . MIH purchased an
XMU hydrocarbon extraction system from Precision in October 2021. MIH chose not to include installation and training in the original purchase
but is now having problems with this equipment resulting in the claims against Precision, now owned by the Company. This case was dismissed
without prejudice by opposing counsel on August 1, 2024. 

The Company is also a defendant or plaintiff in a variety of other
litigation matters that are individually insignificant. The timing and amount of any settlements, including potential payments made or
received, is uncertain. Nonetheless, management currently estimates that the Company s aggregate net loss exposure with respect
to these cases is within the range of approximately to . Given the Company has determined these losses are probable of
occurring and reasonably estimable, an accrual was recorded in the amount of within general and administrative expenses within
the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

On July 2022, a former sales
Vice President of the Company filed suit against the Company claiming he is owed back wages, commission and is entitled to equity in the
company, under theories of liability under Massachusetts labor laws including retaliation, breach of contract, breach of covenant of good
faith and fair dealing, fraudulent inducement, tortious interference and unjust enrichment. The Company filed its answer to the initial
complaint in January 2023. The Company believes this is a meritless claim and has responded to various discovery requests. 

34 

. The Company made payment and took collection of 25 VFUs in the second quarter
of 2024. The Company also granted Mack a second lien position on all Agrify assets. 

On August 30, 2024, the Company
entered into an amendment to the Modification Agreement with Mack, which modified the payment terms and VFU purchase requirements under
the Modification Agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company agreed to make the October Payment of million and an additional
 million prior to December 31, 2024. The Company has not made the October Payment as of the date hereof, however the Company is working
with Mack to extend the date of the October Payment. The Company also agreed to purchase at least 25 VFUs prior to October 31, 2024 and
a further 25 VFUs between November 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024. 

The Company is also required
to pay a storage fee of to Mack, per month, for VFU parts subject to the Modification Agreement. 

Other Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company is potentially
subject to claims related to various non-income taxes (such as sales, value-added, consumption, and similar taxes) from various tax authorities,
including in jurisdictions in which the Company already collects and remits such taxes. If the relevant taxing authorities successfully
pursue these claims, the Company could be subject to additional tax liabilities. 

Refer to Note 7 Debt,
included elsewhere in the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for details of the Company s future
minimum debt payments. Refer to Note 8 Leases, included elsewhere in the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements for details of the Company s future minimum lease payments under operating and financing lease liabilities. Refer to
Note 12 Income Taxes, included elsewhere in the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for information
regarding income tax contingencies. 

Topline Performance Group 

NEIA 

Greenstone Holdings 

Valiant Americas, LLC 

On July 12, 2023, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note to GIC Acquisition, LLC, an entity that is owned and managed by the Company s former Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer. Refer to Note 7 - Debt for further disclosure related to this Related Party Note including related transactions
occurring during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

35 

to . The conversion price applicable to the 2024 CP Note will remain unchanged with an exercise
price of per share, in each case at a conversion price of (as may be adjusted per the 2024 CP Note). 

Issuance of Convertible Note; Board and Management
Changes 

On November 5, 2024, the
Company issued a Secured Convertible Note (the Green Thumb Note to RSLGH, LLC (the Investor ), a subsidiary
of Green Thumb Industries Inc. Green Thumb ). The Green Thumb Note is a secured obligation of the Company and ranks senior
to all indebtedness of the Company except for indebtedness held by CP Acquisitions and Mack. The Green Thumb Note will mature on November
5, 2025 and has a annualized interest rate, with interest to be paid on the first calendar day of each September and March while
the Green Thumb Note is outstanding, in cash, beginning January 1, 2025. The principal amount of the Green Thumb Note will be payable
on the maturity date. The Green Thumb Note provides for advances of up to million in the aggregate, of which million was advanced
upon issuance. 

The Green Thumb Note imposes
certain customary affirmative and negative covenants upon the Company, including covenants relating to corporate existence, indebtedness,
liens, distributions, affiliate transactions, and issuance of other notes. If an event of default under the Green Thumb Note occurs, the
Investor can elect to redeem the Green Thumb Note for cash equal to the then-outstanding principal amount of the Green Thumb Note (or
such lesser principal amount accelerated by the Investor), plus accrued and unpaid interest, including default interest, which accrues
at a rate per annum equal to from the date of a default or event of default, or, only in connection with certain events of default. 

If the Investor elects to
convert the Green Thumb Note, the conversion price per share will be , subject to customary adjustments for certain corporate events.
The conversion of the Green Thumb Note will be subject to certain customary conditions and the receipt of stockholder approval to the
extent necessary under Nasdaq listing rules. 

Immediately prior to the
issuance of the Green Thumb Note, Raymond Chang, I-Tseng Jenny Chan and entities affiliated with each of them sold shares of Common Stock
and Pre-Funded Warrants to the Investor. Immediately following the issuance of the Green Thumb Note, Mr. Chang resigned as Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Ms. Chan resigned as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. The Board of Directors
appointed Benjamin Kovler as Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer and Armon Vakili and Richard Drexler as members of the Board
of Directors to fill the vacancies resulting from Mr. Chang s and Ms. Chan s resignations. 

36 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The information contained
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is intended to update the information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2023 filed with the Securities And Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 15, 2024, as amended on April 29,
2024 (the Form 10-K and presumes that readers have access to, and will have read, the Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other information contained in such Form 10-K. The following
discussion and analysis also should be read together with our financial statements and the notes to the financial statements included
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

The following discussion
contains certain statements that may be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Such statements appear in a number of places in this Report, including, without limitation, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These statements are not guarantees of future performance
and involve risks, uncertainties and requirements that are difficult to predict or are beyond our control. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of this quarterly report. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We strongly encourage
investors to carefully read the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K in the section entitled Risk Factors 
for a description of certain risks that could, among other things, cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements.
We assume no responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following should
also be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and notes thereto that appear elsewhere in this report. 

Except as otherwise indicated
herein or as the context otherwise requires, references in this quarterly report to we, us, our, 
 Company, and Agrify refer to Agrify Corporation, a Nevada corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Overview 

We are a developer of proprietary
precision hardware and software grow solutions for the indoor commercial agriculture industry and provide equipment and solutions for
cultivation, extraction, post-processing, and testing for the cannabis and hemp industries. We believe we are the only company with an
automated and fully integrated grow solution in the industry. Our Agrify Precision Elevated cultivation solution
seamlessly combines our integrated hardware and software offerings with a broad range of associated services including consulting, engineering,
and construction and is designed to deliver the most complete commercial indoor farming solution available from a single provider. The
totality of our product offerings and service capabilities forms an unrivaled ecosystem in what has historically been a highly fragmented
market. 

Agrify Corporation was incorporated
in the state of Nevada on June 6, 2016, originally incorporated as Agrinamics, Inc. (or Agrinamics ). On September 16, 2019,
Agrinamics amended its articles of incorporation to reflect a name change to Agrify Corporation. 

Our corporate headquarters
are located in Troy, Michigan. We also lease properties located within various geographic regions in which we conduct business, including
Colorado, Georgia, and Michigan. 

Reverse Stock Split 

On July 5, 2023, we effected
a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of our Common Stock. On October 8, 2024, we effected a 1-for-15 reverse stock split of our Common Stock.
All share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to give effect to the reverse stock splits for all periods presented
unless otherwise indicated. 

37 

Recent Developments 

Business Developments 

At the beginning of 2023,
we announced a strategic plan to foster sustainable long-term growth through cost efficiencies and enhanced sales and growth initiatives.
We have been focused on growing our cultivation business by helping our existing Agrify Total Turn-Key customers to bring their facilities
online and driving additional sales through our rapid deployment pack program. As a result, we have successfully installed Agrify total
turn-key solution program TTK Solution equipment for and commenced our Las Vegas customer, Nevada Holistic Medicine, our
Denver Colorado customer, Denver Greens, and signed several new customers such as Golden Lake Business Park in California, and Harvest
Works in New Jersey. As a testimony to the Agrify Vertical Farming Unit s VFU ability to produce high quality flower,
Nevada Holistic Medicine is already consistently harvesting 9 pounds of A-grade flower per VFU, or roughly 64 grams per canopy square
foot, and seeing 90 + A-grade flower produced with exceptional color, trichome, and terpene levels. 

Similarly, because we have
streamlined our expansive extraction portfolio of technologies, we have successfully supported the deployment of several turnkey solvent-based
and solventless extraction packages to customers in California, Michigan, and the East Coast. In addition, we have released several new
technologies and products into the market based on customer feedback, including our first peer-reviewed Cannabeast 13 Distillation Unit,
a Diamond Miner, Stitch-less Double Filtration Rosin Bags, and the revamped PX30 Hydrocarbon Extractor. We have also made significant
strides to receive Underwriters Laboratories Compliance for Precision Extractions EXP Explosion Proof Rooms in an effort to continue
our commitment to safety and quality within cannabis extraction facilities. 

These developments illustrate
our continuous innovation, and commitment to safety within the cannabis sector as we adapt to evolving market demands. More importantly,
we believe our growing partnership across the Country is a strong testimony to operators continued trust in Agrify s team
and technologies in the most competitive markets. 

Note Amendment, Consolidation and Conversion 

On January 25, 2024, following
stockholder approval at an annual meeting of stockholders on January 8, 2024, we and CP Acquisitions LLC CP Acquisitions consolidated the outstanding principal and interest due under the junior secured promissory note (the Junior Secured Note to CP Acquisitions and a promissory note with an original principal amount of 35.0 million (the Exchange Note to High
Trail Special Situations LLC (the Original Lender into a convertible note (the Convertible Note and amended
and restated the Convertible Note (as amended and restated, the Restated Note ), with an outstanding principal amount of
approximately 18.3 million at the time of issuance of the Restated Note. The Restated Note amended the terms of the Convertible Note
by, among other things, (i) reducing the conversion price to 1.46 per share of Common Stock, (ii) increasing the beneficial ownership
limitation to 49.99 with respect to any individual or group, provided that CP Acquisitions may assign its right to receive shares upon
conversion to Raymond Chang, the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and/or I-Tseng Jenny Chan, a former member
of the board of directors of the Company (the Board or their affiliates, in which case the 49.99 beneficial ownership
limitation will apply to each of them individually, (iii) extending the maturity date to December 31, 2025, (iv) increasing the interest
rate from 9 to 10 per annum, (v) increasing the default interest from 15 to 18 per annum, and (vi) providing for the payment of interest
every six months, or in lieu of cash interest payments, we may issue shares as payments-in-kind at a conversion price equal to the higher
of (i) 1.46 or (ii) a 20 discount to our trailing seven-day volume weighted average price as of the date of interest payment. Immediately
following the execution of the Restated Note, CP Acquisitions immediately elected to convert approximately 3.9 million of outstanding
principal into an aggregate of 2,671,633 shares of Common Stock, and assigned its rights to receive such shares to entities affiliated
with Mr. Chang and Ms. Chan. Following the conversion, there was 15.0 million in principal amount outstanding under the Restated Note. 

38 

Nasdaq Compliance 

On March 5, 2024, we received
a deficiency letter from the staff Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying us that, for
the last 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for our Common Stock had closed below 1.00 per share, which is the minimum closing
price required to maintain continued listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Requirement ).
In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we had 180 calendar days to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement.
The compliance period would have expired on September 3, 2024. On September 4, 2024, the Staff notified us in writing that we were eligible
for an additional 180-day compliance period, or until March 3, 2025, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement. On October
8, 2024, we completed a 1-for-15 reverse stock split of our Common Stock, in which each fifteen shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
was combined and converted into one share of Common Stock to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement. On October 22, 2024,
the Staff notified us that we had regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement. 

We can provide no assurances
that we will continue to meet Nasdaq listing requirements and otherwise remain listed on Nasdaq. If we fail to continue to satisfy the
continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, such as the corporate governance requirements or the Minimum Bid Requirement, Nasdaq will take
steps to delist our Common Stock. Such a de-listing would likely have a negative effect on the price of our Common Stock and would impair
stockholders ability to sell or purchase our Common Stock when they wish to do so, as well as adversely affect our ability to issue
additional securities and obtain additional financing in the future. 

Public Offering 

On February 27, 2024, we
entered into a placement agency agreement with Alexander Capital, LP as placement agent, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell
an aggregate of 2,760,000 shares of Common Stock, and, in lieu of Common Stock to certain investors that so chose, Pre-Funded Warrants Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase 3,963,684 shares of Common Stock. The public offering price for each share of Common Stock
was 0.38, and the offering price for each Pre-Funded Warrant was 0.379, which equals the public offering price per share of the Common
Stock, less the 0.001 per share exercise price of each Pre-Funded Warrant. The Offering was made pursuant to a registration statement
on Form S-1 that we filed with the SEC on January 26, 2024 and was declared effective on February 14, 2024. Raymond Chang, our former
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, participated in the offering on the same terms as other investors. The net proceeds from the public
offering were approximately 2.2 million, after deducting placement agent fees and commissions and expenses. The public offering closed
on February 28, 2024. 

Debt Modification; Warrant Amendments 

On May 21, 2024, we and CP
Acquisitions entered into an amendment to the Convertible Note (the Consolidated Note Amendment ), pursuant to which CP Acquisitions
may elect, in lieu of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Note, to instead receive Pre-Funded Warrants.
The conversion price applicable to the Pre-Funded Warrants will remain unchanged at 21.90. Immediately following the execution of the
Consolidated Note Amendment, CP Acquisitions elected to convert 11.5 million of outstanding principal into a Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable
at issuance for up to 525,114shares of Common Stock having a fair value of approximately 2.9 million (the CP Warrant Conversion ). 

On May 21, 2024, we and GIC
Acquisition, LLC GIC ), the holder of an unsecured promissory note (the GIC Note ), amended and restated the
GIC Note (the Restated GIC Note to increase the aggregate principal amount to approximately 2.29 million, extend the maturity
date to December 31, 2025, and provide that the Restated Junior Note may be converted into Common Stock of the Company or, at GIC s
election, Pre-Funded Warrants, in each case at a conversion price of 4.65. Immediately following the execution of the Restated GIC Note,
GIC elected to convert all of the outstanding principal under the Restated GIC Note into a Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable at issuance
for up to 492,204 shares of Common Stock having a fair value of approximately 2.7 million (the GIC Warrant Conversion ,
and, collectively with the CP Warrant Conversion, the Related Party Warrant Conversions ). 

39 

On June 30, 2024, we executed
an amendment to the Pre-Funded Warrants, pursuant to which we revised certain provisions of the Pre-Funded Warrants to (i) remove the
adjustment to the exercise price of the Pre-Funded Warrants when there is a bona fide equity financing with the primary purpose of raising
capital (the Adjustment Provisions and (ii) increase the threshold for a change of control from 50 to greater than 50 .
On August 12, 2024, our stockholders approved a proposal to amend the Pre-Funded Warrants to add the Adjustment Provisions at a future
date. Pursuant to that approval, on August 28, 2024, we entered into amendments to the Pre-Funded Warrants to insert the Adjustment Provisions.
As a result of the warrant amendments and the subsequent issuance of 189,645 shares of Common Stock to Ionic Ventures, LLC Ionic at an effective purchase price of approximately 2.109 per share of Common Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the
Pre-Funded Warrant held by CP Acquisitions was adjusted to 5,452,288 and the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded
Warrant held by GIC was adjusted to 1,085,122. On August 30, 2024, CP Acquisitions partially exercised its Pre-Funded Warrant and entities
affiliated with Mr. Chang and Ms. Chan received an aggregate of 383,127 shares of Common Stock upon the exercise. On September 27, 2024,
we further amended the Pre-Funded Warrants to remove the Adjustment Provisions from each warrant and (ii) preventing the holders from
any additional exercise of either of the Pre-Funded Warrants at any time between September 27, 2024 and October 9, 2024. 

Change in Accounting Firm 

On June 20, 2024 after an
evaluation process, the audit committee of our Board (the Audit Committee dismissed Marcum LLP as our independent registered
public accounting firm and appointed MATSUURA Matsuura as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
year ending December 31, 2024, in each case effective as of June 25, 2024. On June 30, 2024, the audit practice of Matsuura was combined
in a transaction pursuant to which Matsuura merged its operations with GuzmanGray, a professional corporation GuzmanGray ).
On July 19, 2024, Matsuura resigned as our auditors and the Audit Committee appointed GuzmanGray as our independent registered public
accounting firm effective as of the Effective Date. 

Equity Line of Credit Facility 

On August 28, 2024, we entered
into the Purchase Agreement and a registration rights agreement with Ionic pursuant to which Ionic committed to purchase up to an aggregate
of 15.0 million of our Common Stock, subject to certain limitations, from time to time and at our sole discretion over the 36-month term
of the Purchase Agreement. 

From and after the date the
registration statement relating to the resale of the shares sold to Ionic is declared effective, we may from time to time on any business
day, by written notice delivered by us to Ionic, direct Ionic to purchase between 250,000 and 750,000 of shares of Common Stock on such
business day, at a purchase price per share that will be equal to 93 (or 80 if the Common Stock is not then trading on the Nasdaq Capital
Market) of the lowest daily VWAP over a specified measurement period beginning after the delivery of the purchase notice, as described
further in the Purchase Agreement (each, a Regular Purchase ). The Purchase Agreement also permitted us to deliver an exemption
purchase notice for 400,000 on the date of signing, with the shares so purchased to be delivered following the Commencement Date, and
we delivered an exemption purchase notice for 400,000 for the purchase by Ionic of 189,645 shares of Common Stock. We will control the
timing and amount of any sales of Common Stock to Ionic pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. Ionic has no right to require us to sell any
shares of Common Stock to Ionic, but Ionic is obligated to make purchases as we direct, subject to certain conditions. 

Issuance of Junior Note 

On August 14, 2024, we issued
the 2024 CP Note to CP Acquisitions. Pursuant to the 2024 CP Note, CP Acquisitions would lend up to 1,500,000 to the Company. The 2024
CP Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, will mature in full on July 1, 2025, and may be prepaid without any fee or penalty.
The 2024 CP Note is secured by our assets and ranks junior to existing secured indebtedness. The 2024 CP Note may be converted into Common
Stock of the Company or, at CP Acquisitions election, Pre-Funded Warrants with an exercise price of 0.001 per share, in each case
at a conversion price of 3.9495. 

40 

Mack Molding Modification Agreement 

On October 27, 2023, and
effective as of October 18, 2023, we entered into a Modification and Settlement Agreement (the Modification Agreement with
Mack Molding Company Mack with respect to a dispute with Mack under an existing supply agreement. On February 29, 2024,
we met our contractual obligations under the terms of the Modification Agreement. In settlement of the dispute, we made cash payments
of 500,000 and 250,000 to Mack and issued to Mack a warrant to purchase 750,000 shares of Common Stock. 

On August 30, 2024, we entered
into an amendment to the Modification Agreement with Mack, which modified the payment terms and VFU purchase requirements under the Modification
Agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, we agreed to make payments of 1.0 million prior to October 31, 2024 and an additional 1.0 million
prior to December 31, 2024. We also agreed to purchase at least 25 VFUs prior to October 31, 2024 and a further 25 VFUs between November
1, 2024 and December 31, 2024. Upon payment in accordance with the terms of the amendment, we will be entitled to certain residual inventory
in the possession of Mack, and the warrant issued to Mack will be terminated. 

Convertible Note Amendment 

On October 18, 2024, we entered
into an amendment with CP Acquisitions to the 2024 CP Note, pursuant to which the maximum principal sum of the 2024 CP Note was increased
from 1,500,000 to 3,000,000. The conversion price applicable to the 2024 CP Note will remain unchanged with an exercise price of 0.001
per share, in each case at a conversion price of 3.9495 (as may be adjusted per the 2024 CP Note). 

Issuance of Convertible Note; Board and Management
Changes 

On November 5, 2024, we issued
a Secured Convertible Note (the Green Thumb Note to RSLGH, LLC (the Investor ), a subsidiary of Green Thumb
Industries Inc. Green Thumb ). The Green Thumb Note is a secured obligation and ranks senior to all indebtedness of the
Company except for indebtedness held by CP Acquisitions and Mack. The Green Thumb Note will mature on November 5, 2025 and has a 10.0 
annualized interest rate, with interest to be paid on the first calendar day of each September and March while the Green Thumb Note is
outstanding, in cash, beginning January 1, 2025. The principal amount of the Green Thumb Note will be payable on the maturity date. The
Green Thumb Note provides for advances of up to 20.0 million in the aggregate, of which 10.0 million was advanced upon issuance. If
the Investor elects to convert the Green Thumb Note, the conversion price per share will be 3.158, subject to customary adjustments for
certain corporate events. The conversion of the Green Thumb Note will be subject to certain customary conditions and the receipt of stockholder
approval to the extent necessary under Nasdaq listing rules. 

Immediately prior to the issuance of the Green
Thumb Note, Raymond Chang, I-Tseng Jenny Chan and entities affiliated with each of them sold shares of Common Stock and Pre-Funded Warrants
to the Investor. Immediately following the issuance of the Green Thumb Note, Mr. Chang resigned as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
and Ms. Chan resigned as a member of our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors appointed Benjamin Kovler as our Chairman and Interim
Chief Executive Officer and Armon Vakili and Richard Drexler as members of the Board of Directors to fill the vacancies resulting from
Mr. Chang s and Ms. Chan s resignations. 

Plans to Acquire the
Se orita Brand of THC Beverages 

On November 12, 2024, we
announced that we signed a non-binding letter of intent to acquire certain assets from Double or Nothing LLC, the owner and creator
of the Se orita brand of hemp-derived legal THC HDLT drinks, in exchange for 530,000 shares of Agrify common
stock or common stock equivalents (the Transaction ). The Transaction would involve the acquisition of assets involved in
the operation of Se orita s HDLT business. There can be no assurances that we will reach a binding agreement and
if we do, the terms could differ from those stated above. 

41 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. Significant estimates include assumptions about collection of accounts and notes receivable, the valuation and recognition
of stock-based compensation expense, valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and useful life of fixed assets and intangible assets. 

Financial Overview 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates 

Our management s discussion
and analysis of our financial position and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and
accompanying notes. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates, which include estimates related to accruals, stock-based compensation
expense, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. We base our estimates on historical experience and
other market-specific or other relevant assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ
materially from those estimates or assumptions. 

The Company accounts for
warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms
and applicable authoritative guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity ASC 480 and ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). Management s assessment
considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, whether they meet the definition of a liability
pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether
the warrants are indexed to the Company s own Common Stock among other conditions for equity classification. 

For issued or modified warrants
that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, they are recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of
issuance. For issued or modified warrants that are precluded from equity classification, they are recorded as a liability at their initial
fair value on the date of issuance and marked-to-market each reporting period with the changes in fair value of warrant liabilities recorded
in other income (expense), net in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations until the warrants are exercised.
The fair value of the warrant liabilities are estimated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 

The estimated fair value
of the warrant liabilities is determined using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Black-Scholes option-pricing model are assumptions used in
calculating the estimated fair values that represent the Company s best estimate. The volatility rate is determined utilizing the
Company s own share price and the share price of competitors over time. 

Revenue Recognition 

Overview 

We generate revenue from
the following sources: (1) equipment sales, (2) providing services and (3) construction contracts. 

42 

In accordance with ASC Topic
606, Revenue Recognition ASC 606 ), we recognize revenue from contracts with customers using a five-step model, which
is described below: 

identify the customer contract; 

identify performance obligations
that are distinct; 

determine the transaction price; 

allocate the transaction price
to the distinct performance obligations; and 

recognize revenue as the performance
obligations are satisfied. 

Identify the customer
contract 

A customer contract is generally
identified when there is approval and commitment from both use and its customer, the rights have been identified, payment terms are identified,
the contract has commercial substance and collectability, and consideration is probable. Specifically, we obtain written/electronic signatures
on contracts and a purchase order, if said purchase orders are issued in the normal course of business by the customer. 

Identify performance
obligations that are distinct 

A performance obligation
is a promise by us to provide a distinct good or service or a series of distinct goods or services. A good or service that is promised
to a customer is distinct if the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that
are readily available to the customer, and our promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from
other promises in the contract. 

Determine the transaction
price 

The transaction price is
the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer, excluding
sales taxes that are collected on behalf of government agencies. 

Allocate the transaction
price to distinct performance obligations 

The transaction price is
allocated to each performance obligation based on the relative standalone selling prices SSP of the goods or services
being provided to the customer. Our contracts typically contain multiple performance obligations, for which we account for individual
performance obligations separately, if they are distinct. The standalone selling price reflects the price we would charge for a specific
piece of equipment or service if it was sold separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. 

Recognize revenue as
the performance obligations are satisfied 

Revenue is recognized when,
or as, performance obligations are satisfied by transferring control of a promised product or service to a customer. 

43 

Significant Judgments 

We enter into contracts that
may include various combinations of equipment, services and construction, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted
for as separate performance obligations. Contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to
a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately
versus together may require significant judgment. Once we determine the performance obligations, the transaction price is determined,
which includes estimating the amount of variable consideration to be included in the transaction price, if any. We then allocate the transaction
price to each performance obligation in the contract based on the SSP. The corresponding revenue is recognized as the related performance
obligations are satisfied. 

Judgment is required to determine
the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. We determine SSP based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately
and the methods of estimating SSP under the guidance of ASC 606-10-32-33. If the SSP is not observable through past transactions, we estimate
the SSP, taking into account available information such as market conditions, expected margins, and internally approved pricing guidelines
related to the performance obligations. We license our software as a SaaS type subscription license, whereby the customer only has a right
to access the software over a specified time period. The full value of the contract is recognized ratably over the contractual term of
the SaaS subscription, adjusted monthly if tiered pricing is relevant. We typically satisfy our performance obligations for equipment
sales when equipment is made available for shipment to the customer; for services sales as services are rendered to the customer and for
construction contracts both as services are rendered and when contract is completed. 

We utilize the cost-plus
margin method to determine the SSP for equipment and build-out services. This method is based on the cost of the services from third parties,
plus a reasonable markup that we believe is reflective of a market-based reseller margin. 

We determine the SSP for
services in time and materials contracts by observable prices in standalone services arrangements. 

We estimate variable consideration
in the form of royalties, revenue share, monthly fees, and service credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end
of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. Variable consideration is typically not subject to constraint. Changes
to variable consideration were not material for the periods presented. 

If a contract has payment
terms that differ from the timing of revenue recognition, we will assess whether the transaction price for those contracts include a significant
financing component. We have elected the practical expedient that permits an entity to not adjust for the effects of a significant financing
component if we expect that at the contract inception, the period between when the entity transfers a promised good or service to a customer
and when the customer pays for that good or service, will be one year or less. For those contracts in which the period exceeds the one-year
threshold, this assessment, as well as the quantitative estimate of the financing component and its relative significance, requires judgment.
Accordingly, we impute interest on such contracts at an agreed upon interest rate and will present the financing components separately
as financial income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we did not have any such financial income. 

Payment terms with customers
typically require payment in advance or payment 30 days from invoice date. Our agreements with customers do not provide for any refunds
for services or products and therefore no specific reserve for such is maintained. In the infrequent instances where customers raise a
concern over delivered products or services, we have endeavored to remedy the concern and all costs related to such matters have been
insignificant in all periods presented. 

We have elected to treat
shipping and handling activities after the customer obtains control of the goods as a fulfillment cost and not as a promised good or service.
Accordingly, we will accrue all fulfillment costs related to the shipping and handling of consumer goods at the time of shipment. We have
payment terms with its customers of one year or less and has elected the practical expedient applicable to such contracts not to consider
the time value of money. Sales, value add, and other taxes we collect concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. 

44 

We receive payment from customers
based on specified terms that are generally less than 30 days from the satisfaction of performance obligations. There are no contract
assets related to performance under the contract. The difference in the opening and closing balances of our contract liabilities primarily
results from the timing difference between our performance and the customer s payment. We fulfill obligations under a contract with
a customer by transferring products and services in exchange for consideration from the customer. Accounts receivables are recorded when
the customer has been billed or the right to consideration is unconditional. We recognize contract liabilities when consideration has
been received or an amount of consideration is due from the customer, and we have a future obligation to transfer certain proprietary
products. 

In accordance with ASC 606-10-50-13,
we are required to include disclosure on our remaining performance obligations as of the end of the current reporting period. Due to the
nature of our contracts, these reporting requirements are not applicable. The majority of our remaining contracts meet certain exemptions
as defined in ASC 606-10-50-14 through 606-10-50-14A, including (i) performance obligation is part of a contract that has an original
expected duration of one year or less and (ii) the right to invoice practical expedient. 

We generally provide a one-year
warranty on our products for materials and workmanship but may provide multiple year warranties as negotiated, and will pass on the warranties
from its vendors, if any, which generally covers this one-year period. In accordance with ASC 450-20-25, we accrue for product warranties
when the loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. The reserve for warranty returns is included in accrued expenses and other
current liabilities in our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

Income Taxes 

We account for income taxes
pursuant to the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , ASC 740 which requires, among other things, an asset
and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred tax
assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases
of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is
more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not be realized. 

We follow the provisions
of ASC 740-10-25-5, Basic Recognition Threshold. When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that some positions taken
would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position
taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10-25-6, the benefit
of a tax position is recognized in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in the period during which, based on all
available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the
resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions
that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent
likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions
taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying
balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. We believe
our tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such, we have not recorded a liability for unrecognized
tax benefits. 

We recognize the benefit
of a tax position when it is effectively settled. ASC 740-10-25-10, Basic Recognition Threshold provides guidance on how
an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits.
ASC 740-10-25-10 clarifies that a tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority.
For tax positions considered effectively settled, we recognize the full amount of the tax benefit. 

45 

Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 

We follow the provisions
of ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ,( ASC 718 establishes standards surrounding the accounting
for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services. ASC Topic 718 focuses primarily on accounting
for transactions in which an entity obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions, such as options issued under our Stock
Option Plans. 

The fair value of each option
is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model incorporates certain assumptions for inputs
including a risk-free market interest rate, expected dividend yield of the underlying Common Stock, expected option life, and expected
volatility in the market value of the underlying Common Stock. 

The Black-Scholes option-pricing
model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options, which have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable.
In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including the expected stock price volatility.
Because our stock options and warrants have characteristics different from those of our traded stock, and because changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management s opinion, the existing models do not necessarily
provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of such stock options. The risk-free interest rate is based upon quoted market yields
for United States Treasury debt securities with a term similar to the expected term. The expected dividend yield is based upon our history
of having never issued a dividend and management s current expectation of future action surrounding dividends. We calculate the
expected volatility of the stock price based on the corresponding volatility of our peer group stock price for a period consistent with
the underlying instrument s expected term. The expected lives for such grants were based on the simplified method for employees
and directors. 

In arriving at stock-based
compensation expense, we estimate the number of stock-based awards that will be forfeited due to employee turnover. Our forfeiture assumption
is based primarily on its turn-over historical experience. If the actual forfeiture rate is higher than the estimated forfeiture rate,
then an adjustment will be made to increase the estimated forfeiture rate, which will result in a decrease to the expense recognized in
our financial statements. If the actual forfeiture rate is lower than the estimated forfeiture rate, then an adjustment will be made to
lower the estimated forfeiture rate, which will result in an increase to expense recognized in our financial statements. The expense we
recognize in future periods will be affected by changes in the estimated forfeiture rate and may differ significantly from amounts recognized
in the current period. 

It is important that the
discussion of our operating results that follows be read in conjunction with the critical accounting policies disclosed above. 

46 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Three and Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

The following table summarizes
our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three months ended 
 September 30, 
 Nine months ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue (including 0, 0, 0, and 46 from related parties, respectively) 
 1,934 
 3,139 
 7,526 
 14,009 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 1,709 
 2,165 
 6,009 
 11,447 
 
 Gross profit 
 225 
 974 
 1,517 
 2,562 

General and administrative 
 3,364 
 4,321 
 9,726 
 16,066 
 
 Selling and marketing 
 348 
 812 
 1,204 
 3,522 
 
 Research and development 
 168 
 486 
 628 
 1,864 
 
 (Gain) loss on settlement of contingent liabilities 

(5,935 

Gain on early termination of lease 

(39 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 10 
 (67 
 1 
 (62 
 
 Change in contingent consideration 

(2,180 
 (1,322 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 3,890 
 5,552 
 3,405 
 20,068 
 
 Operating (loss) income 
 (3,665 
 (4,578 
 (1,888 
 (17,506 
 
 Interest income (expense), net 
 (38 
 (363 
 (166 
 (1,562 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 (15,098 
 1,975 
 (15,502 
 3,599 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net 

(4,631 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 150 
 874 
 169 
 874 
 
 Total other expense, net 
 (14,986 
 2,486 
 (15,499 
 (1,720 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (18,651 
 (2,092 
 (17,387 
 (19,226 
 
 Loss attributable to non-controlling interest 

2 
 
 Net (loss) income attributable to Agrify Corporation 
 (18,651 
 (2,092 
 (17,387 
 (19,224 
 
 Net (loss) income per share attributable to Common Stockholders basic (1) 
 (17.31 
 (19.02 
 (16.82 
 (202.21 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 
 1,077,780 
 109,983 
 1,033,582 
 95,068 

Revenues 

Our
goal is to provide our customers with a variety of products to address their entire indoor agriculture needs. Our core product offering
includes our VFUs and Agrify Integrated Grow Racks with our Agrify Insights software,
which are supplemented with environmental control products, grow lights, facility build-out services and extraction equipment. 

We
generate revenue from sales of cultivation solutions, including ancillary products and services, Agrify Insights software,
facility build-outs and extraction equipment and solutions. We believe that our product mix form an integrated ecosystem which allows
us to be engaged with our potential customers from early stages of the grow cycle first during the facility build-out; to the
choice of cultivation solutions, running the grow business with our Agrify Insights software
and finally, our extraction, post-processing and testing services to transform harvest into a sellable product. We believe that delivery
of each solution in the various stages in the process will generate sales of additional solutions and services. 

47 

The following table provides
a breakdown of our revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three months ended 
 September 30, 

Nine months ended 
 September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cultivation solutions, including ancillary products and services 
 281 
 138 
 143 
 104 
 1,719 
 633 
 1,086 
 172 
 
 Agrify Insights software 
 70 
 58 
 12 
 21 
 200 
 123 
 77 
 63 
 
 Facility build-outs 

0 
 
 882 
 (882 
 (100 
 
 Extraction solutions 
 2,171 
 3,335 
 (1,164 
 (35 
 7,737 
 13,499 
 (5,762 
 (43 
 
 Sales discounts on cultivation and extraction solutions 
 (588 
 (392 
 (196 
 (50 
 (2,130 
 (1,128 
 (1,002 
 89 
 
 Total revenue 
 1,934 
 3,139 
 (1,205 
 (38 
 7,526 
 14,009 
 (6,483 
 (46 

Revenues decreased by 1.2
million, or 38 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. Revenues decreased by 6.4 million,
or 46 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The comparative decrease in revenue was generated
primarily from decreases in revenue from facility build-outs and extraction solutions. Extraction division revenues decreased by 1.2
million and 5.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, primarily due to changes in contract terms
with customers which expedited cash flows but reduced overall demand. Additionally, design and build revenues decreased by 0 and 0.9
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively due to the discontinued build-out of facilities under our
TTK Solutions. 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Cost of goods sold represents
a combination of the following: construction-related costs associated with our facility build-outs, internal and outsourced labor and
material costs associated with the assembly of both cultivation equipment (primarily VFUs) and extraction equipment, as well as labor
and parts costs associated with the sale or provision of other products and services. 

The following table provides
a breakdown of our cost of goods sold for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three months ended 
 September 30, 

Nine months ended 
 September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cultivation solutions, including ancillary products and services 
 197 
 556 
 (359 
 (65 
 1,186 
 1,579 
 (393 
 (25 
 
 Facility build-outs 
 36 
 3 
 33 
 1100 
 48 
 971 
 (923 
 (95 
 
 Extraction solutions 
 1,476 
 1,606 
 (130 
 (8 
 4,775 
 8,897 
 (4,122 
 (46 
 
 Total cost of goods sold 
 1,709 
 2,165 
 (456 
 (21 
 6,009 
 11,447 
 (5,438 
 (48 

48 

Cost of goods sold decreased
by 0.5 million, or 21 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. Cost of goods sold decreased
by 5.4 million, or 48 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The comparative quarterly decrease
in cost of goods sold is associated with decreases in cost of goods sold related to facility build-outs and extraction solutions which
aligns with the reduction in revenue over the same period for each of these revenue streams. 

Gross Profit 

Three months ended September 30, 

Nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Gross profit 
 225 
 974 
 (749 
 (77 
 1,517 
 2,562 
 (1,045 
 (41 

Gross profit totaled 0.2
million, or 11.6 , of total revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.0 million, or 31.0 , of total revenue
during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit totaled 1.5 million, or 20.2 of total revenue during the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 compared to a gross profit of 2.6 million, or 18.3 of total revenue during the nine months ended September
30, 2023. The comparative 0.8 million third-quarter year over year decrease in gross profit, as well as the comparative decrease in gross
profit margin, is primarily attributable to a smaller decrease in costs of goods sold relative to the decrease in revenue for the period.
During the third quarter of 2024, we realized a gross profit margin of 32 associated with our extraction solutions revenue, while we
realized a gross profit margin of 45 on our extraction solution revenues for the third quarter of 2023. 

General and Administrative 

Three months ended 
 September 30, 

Nine months ended 
 September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 General and administrative 
 3,364 
 4,321 
 (957 
 (22 
 9,726 
 16,066 
 (6,340 
 (39 

General and administrative G A expenses consist principally of salaries and related costs for personnel, including stock-based compensation and
travel expenses, associated with executive and other administrative functions. Other G A expenses include, but are not limited to,
professional fees for legal, consulting, depreciation and amortization and accounting services, as well as facility-related costs. 

G A expense decreased
by 1.0 million, or 22 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. G A expense decreased
by 6.3 million, or 39 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily attributable to a decrease in payroll expense of 2.9 million, a decrease in insurance of
 1.5 million, a decrease in stock based compensation of 1.3 million, and a decrease in sales tax expense of 0.5 million. 

49 

Research and Development 

Three months ended September 30, 

Nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Research and development 
 168 
 486 
 (318 
 (65 
 628 
 1,864 
 (1,236 
 (66 

Research
and development R D expenses consisted primarily of costs incurred for the development of our Agrify Insights 
 software, next generation VFUs, and new extraction technology and methodology,
which includes: 

employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, and travel; 

expenses incurred by the subcontractor under agreements to provide engineering work related to the development of our Agrify Insights software and next generation VFUs; 

expenses related to our facilities, depreciation, and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, insurance and other supplies. 

R D expense decreased
by 0.3 million, or 65 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. R D expense decreased
by 1.2 million, or 66 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease is attributable
to the reduction in personnel, outsourced consulting and materials purchased. 

Selling and Marketing 

Three months ended September 30, 

Nine months ended September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Selling and marketing 
 348 
 812 
 (464 
 (57 
 1,204 
 3,522 
 (2,318 
 (66 

Selling and marketing expenses
consist primarily of salaries and related costs of personnel, travel expenses, trade shows and advertising expenses. 

Selling and marketing expenses
decreased by 0.5 million, or 57 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Selling and marketing
expenses decreased by 2.3 million, or 66 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease
is attributable to a decrease in payroll, consulting services, and travel expenses. 

Gain on settlement of contingent liabilities 

Three months ended 
 September 30, 

Nine months ended 
 September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Gain on settlement of contingent liabilities 

0 
 (5,935 
 
 (5,935 
 100 

Gain on settlement of contingent
liabilities relates to the legal settlement effected with Mack as described in Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies within the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2024. On February 29, 2024, we met our performance obligations
in terms of the Modification Agreement with Mack. In the second quarter of 2024, management derecognized the previously recognized contingent
liability, resulting in a credit of approximately 5.9 million, increasing the total gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2024
to approximately 5.9 million. The gain was recorded within gain on settlement of contingent liabilities, on the unaudited condensed consolidated
statement of operations. 

50 

Other Income, Net 

Three months ended 
 September 30, 

Nine months ended 
 September 30, 

(In thousands) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Interest income (expense), net 
 (38 
 (363 
 325 
 (90 
 (166 
 (1,562 
 1,396 
 (89 
 
 Other income (expense), net 
 150 
 874 
 (724 
 (83 
 169 
 874 
 (705 
 (81 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 (15,098 
 1,975 
 (17,073 
 (864 
 (15,502 
 3,599 
 (19,101 
 (531 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of long-term debt, net 

0 
 
 (4,631 
 4,631 
 (100 
 
 Total other expense, net 
 (14,986 
 2,486 
 (17,472 
 (703 
 (15,499 
 (1,720 
 (13,779 
 801 

Interest expense decreased
by 0.3 million, or 90 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. Interest expense decreased
by 1.4 million, or 89 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease in interest expense
is attributable mainly to the decrease in principal balance on outstanding loans. 

The change in fair value of warrant liabilities decreased by 17.1
million, or 864 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The change in fair value of warrant
liabilities decreased by 19.1 million, or 531 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023.
The decrease is primarily related to the fair value remeasurement of warrants as a result of amendments to warrant agreements during the
third quarter of 2024. 

Income (Loss) Attributable to Non-Controlling
Interest 

We consolidate the results
of operations of two less than wholly-owned entities into our unaudited condensed consolidated results of operations. On December 8, 2019,
we formed Agrify Valiant LLC, a joint-venture limited liability company in which we are 60 majority owner and Valiant-America, LLC owns
40 . Agrify Valiant LLC started its operations during the second quarter of 2020. On January 22, 2020, as part of the acquisition of TriGrow,
we received TriGrow s 75 interest in Agrify Brands, LLC (formerly TriGrow Brands, LLC), a licensor of an established portfolio
of consumer brands that utilize our grow technology. The license of these brands is ancillary to the sale of our VFUs and provides a means
to differentiate customers products in the marketplace. It is not a material aspect of our business and we have not realized any
royalty income. Accordingly, we are currently evaluating whether to continue this legacy business from an operational standpoint, as well
as from a legal and regulatory perspective. 

Income (Loss) attributable
to non-controlling interest represents the portion of profit (or loss) that are attributable to non-controlling interest calculated as
a product of the net income of the entity multiplied by the percentage of ownership held by the non-controlling interest. In 2023 and
2024 the profit (or loss) attributable to non-controlling interest is immaterial. See the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
for the impact on results. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024,
our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling 267 thousand. Our current working
capital needs are to support revenue growth, to fund construction and equipment financing commitments associated with our TTK Solutions,
manage inventory to meet demand forecasts and support operational growth. Our long-term financial needs primarily include working capital
requirements and capital expenditures. We anticipate that we will allocate a significant portion of our current balance of working capital
to satisfy the financing requirements of our current and future TTK arrangements. These arrangements require a significant amount of upfront
capital necessary to fund construction, associated with facility build-outs, and equipment. There are many factors that may negatively
impact our available sources of funds in the future, including the ability to generate cash from operations, raise debt capital and raise
cash from the issuance of our securities. The amount of cash generated from operations is dependent upon factors such as the successful
execution of our business strategy and general economic conditions. 

51 

We may opportunistically
raise debt capital, subject to market and other conditions. Additionally, as part of our growth strategies, we may also raise debt capital
for strategic alternatives and general corporate purposes. If additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able
to raise such capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating
results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Indebtedness 

CP Acquisitions Junior Secured Note 

On October 27, 2023, CP Acquisitions,
an entity affiliated with and controlled by our former Chief Executive Officer and former member of our Board of Directors, purchased
the Exchange Note and the Convertible Note from CP Acquisitions (the Note Purchase ). As part of the same transaction, we
issued the Junior Secured Note to CP Acquisitions. Pursuant to the Junior Secured Note, CP Acquisitions would lend up to 3.0 million
to us. The Junior Secured Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, would mature in full on December 31, 2023, and may be prepaid
without any fee or penalty. On December 4, 2023, CP Acquisitions and the Company amended and restated the Junior Secured Note agreement.
Pursuant to the terms of the amendment, the maximum principal amount that may be loaned by CP Acquisitions to us was increased to 4.0
million and extended the maturity date thereon to December 31, 2024. On November 30, 2023, CP Acquisitions agreed to forgive 1.0 million
of the principal amount outstanding on the Convertible Note. 

Consolidated CP Acquisitions Note 

On January 25, 2024, we and
CP Acquisitions consolidated the outstanding principal and interest due under the Junior Secured Note and the Exchange Note as well as
the interest due under the Convertible Note into the Convertible Note (collectively, with the Junior Secured Note and the Exchange Note,
the Consolidated Notes ), and amended and restated the Convertible Note with the Restated Note having a total outstanding
principal of 18,308,021. The Restated Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum and will mature in full on December 31, 2025. We
may redeem all or a portion not less than 5.0 million of principal at any time at a price equal to 102.5 of the redeemed principal amount
plus accrued but unpaid interest. If CP Acquisitions elects to convert the Restated Note, the conversion price per share will be 21.90,
subject to customary adjustments for certain corporate events. The conversion of the Restated Note will be subject to certain customary
conditions. The Restated Note may not be converted into shares of Common Stock if such conversion would result in CP Acquisitions and
its affiliates owning an aggregate of in excess of 49.99 of the then-outstanding shares of Common Stock. Immediately following the execution
of the Restated Note, CP Acquisitions elected to convert approximately 3.9 million of outstanding principal into an aggregate of 178,109
shares of Common Stock. 

On May 21, 2024, we and CP
Acquisitions entered into the Consolidated Note Amendment, pursuant to which CP Acquisitions may elect, in lieu of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon conversion of the Restated Note, to instead receive Pre-Funded Warrants. The conversion price applicable to the Pre-Funded
Warrants will remain unchanged at 21.90. Immediately following the execution of the Consolidated Note Amendment, CP Acquisitions elected
to convert 11.5 million of outstanding principal into the CP Warrant Conversion, exercisable at issuance for up to 525,114 shares of
Common Stock having a fair value of approximately 2.9 million. 

GIC Acquisition Note 

On July 12, 2023, our Board
of Directors approved the issuance of the GIC Note to GIC, an entity that is owned and managed by our former Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer. Pursuant to the GIC Note, GIC was obligated to lend us up to 0.5 million, 0.3 million of which was delivered at issuance and
the remaining 0.2 million delivered on July 31, 2023. The GIC Note bore interest at a rate of 10 per annum, would mature in full on
August 6, 2023, and could be prepaid without any fee or penalty. The GIC Note ranked junior to all existing secured indebtedness. On October
27, 2023, the maturity date of the GIC Note was subsequently amended to December 31, 2024, at which point principal and accrued interest
will be repaid in full. 

52 

On May 21, 2024, GIC and
the Company entered into the Restated GIC Note, (the Restated GIC Note collectively with the Consolidated Note Amendment, the Related
Party Debt Amendments to increase the aggregate principal amount to approximately 2.29 million, extend the maturity date to December
31, 2025, and provide that the Restated Junior Note may be converted into Common Stock of the Company or, at GIC s election, Pre-Funded
Warrants, in each case at a conversion price of 4.65. Immediately following the execution of the Restated GIC Note, GIC elected to convert
all of the outstanding principal under the Restated GIC Note into a Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable at issuance for up to 492,203 shares
of Common Stock. 

CP Acquisitions Promissory Note 

On August 14, 2024, we issued
a junior secured promissory note (the 2024 CP Note to CP Acquisitions. Pursuant to the 2024 CP Note, CP Acquisitions would
lend us up to 1,500,000. The 2024 CP Note bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, will mature in full on July 1, 2025, and may be
prepaid without any fee or penalty. The 2024 CP Note is secured by the Company s assets and ranks junior to existing secured indebtedness
of the Company. The 2024 CP Note may be converted into Common Stock or, at CP Acquisition s election, Pre-Funded Warrants with an
exercise price of 0.001 per share, in each case at a conversion price of 3.9495. 

Green Thumb Convertible Note 

On November 5, 2024, we issued
the Green Thumb Note to the Investor. The Green Thumb Note is a secured obligation and ranks senior to all indebtedness of the Company
except for indebtedness held by CP Acquisitions and Mack. The Green Thumb Note will mature on November 5, 2025 and has a 10.0 annualized
interest rate, with interest to be paid on the first calendar day of each September and March while the Green Thumb Note is outstanding,
in cash, beginning January 1, 2025. The principal amount of the Green Thumb Note will be payable on its maturity date. The Green Thumb
Note provides for advances of up to 20.0 million in the aggregate, of which 10.0 million was advanced upon issuance. If the Investor
elects to convert the Green Thumb Note, the conversion price per share will be 3.158, subject to customary adjustments for certain corporate
events. The conversion of the Green Thumb Note will be subject to certain customary conditions and the receipt of stockholder approval
to the extent necessary under Nasdaq listing rules. 

Cash Flows 

The following table presents
the major components of net cash flows from and used in operating, investing, and financing activities for the nine months ended September
30, 2024, and 2023: 

(In thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (6,250 
 (25,940 
 
 Investing activities 
 340 
 25,235 
 
 Financing activities 
 5,743 
 (9,598 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (167 
 (10,303 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, our operating cash flows included a net loss of 17.4 million, a 15.5 million change in the fair value of warrant
liabilities, 2.2 million decrease related to accrued acquisition liabilities due to issuance of held-back-shares, 1.8 million decrease
related to recovery of provision for slow-moving inventory, 7.1 gain on a supply agreement 1.1 million related to depreciation and amortization,
and 0.9 million of stock based compensation expense. Net cash was increased by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 3.3 million. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, our operating cash flows included a net loss of 19.2 million, a change in the provision for credit losses of 14.8
million, a 4.6 million loss on extinguishment of notes payable, and 1.4 million of depreciation and amortization expense, 2.1 million
in stock based compensation expense, a 2.9 million decrease to inventory reserves, and a 3.6 million credit related to the change in
fair value of warrant liabilities. Net cash increased by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 6.2 million. 

53 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, net cash provided in investing activities was 0.3 million, which primarily resulted from cash inflows of 0.3 million
in proceeds from the repayment of a loan receivable. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, net cash provided by investing activities was 25.3 million, which primarily included cash inflows of 10.5 million
in proceeds from the sale of securities and 15.3 million in proceeds from the repayment of a loan receivable, partially offset by cash
outflows of 0.6 million in costs related to the issuance of loans. 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities was 5.7 million. Net cash provided by financing activities was primarily
driven by proceeds from issuance of related party notes of 4.0 million and proceeds from an issuance of Common Stock through an S-1 and
Pre-Funded Warrants offering of 2.1 million, offset by 0.4 million in payments on insurance financing loans. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was 9.6 million, which was primarily driven by repayment of debt in a private
placement of 10.3 million and payments on insurance financing loans of 1.2 million, partially offset by proceeds from the ATM Program
of 1.5 million. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

During the periods presented,
we did not have, nor do we currently have, any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities
often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating
off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. We are therefore not exposed to the financing, liquidity,
market, or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in those types of relationships. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Part I, Item, 2, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

These estimates are based
on our knowledge and understanding of current conditions and actions that we may take in the future. Changes in these estimates will occur
as a result of the passage of time and the occurrence of future events. Subsequent changes in these estimates may have a significant impact
on our financial condition and results of operations and are recorded in the period in which they become known. We have identified the
following estimates that, in our opinion, are subjective in nature, require the exercise of judgment and involve complex analysis: the
fair value of derivative assets and liabilities, goodwill impairment assessment, revenue recognition and cost of goods sold. 

The significant accounting
policies and estimates that have been adopted and followed in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements are detailed
in Note 1 - Overview, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies included in our 2023 Annual Report and Note 1 - Overview,
Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item
1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There have been no changes in these policies and estimates that had a significant impact on the
financial condition and results of operations for the periods covered in this Quarterly Report. 

54 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Adopted 

For more information on recently
issued accounting pronouncements are included within Note 1 - Overview, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, included
elsewhere in the notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements covered under Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. 

New Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 

For more information on new
accounting pronouncements not yet adopted are included within Note 1 - Overview, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies,
included elsewhere in the notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements covered under Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting
company as defined by 17 C.F.R. 229.10, the Company is not required to provide information required by this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and
forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Interim Chief Executive Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by paragraph
(b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Interim Chief Executive Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Interim
Chief Executive Officer concluded that, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting previously identified
in Item 9A, Controls and Procedures of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and filed
with the SEC on April 15, 2024, as amended on April 29, 2024 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable
assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 

Management, with the oversight
of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, continue to focus on remediating the material weaknesses identified in the design and
operation of our internal control over financial reporting, including hiring additional qualified personnel, further documentation and
implementation of control procedures and the implementation of control monitoring. While we have begun the process of talking through
measures which we believe will remediate the underlying cause of these material weaknesses, there can be no assurance as to when the remediation
plan will be fully developed and implemented and whether such measures will be effective. Until our remediation plan is fully implemented
and effective, we will continue to devote time, attention and financial resources to this effort. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Other than those measures
intended to remediate the material weaknesses noted above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

55 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we are
a party to various legal proceedings or claims arising in the ordinary course of business. For information related to legal proceedings,
see the discussion under the caption Legal Proceedings in Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies to our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report, which information is incorporated by reference into this Part
II, Item 1. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As of the date of this report, there are no material
changes to our risk factors as previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

. 

56 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Agrify Corporation, filed October 3, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 4, 2024). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Junior Secured Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of October 18, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 22, 2024). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Secured Convertible Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2024). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Amendment to Pre-Funded Comon Stock Purchase Warrant between Agrify Corporation and CP Acquisitions, LLC dated as of June 30, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 3, 2024) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Amendment to Pre-Funded Comon Stock Purchase Warrant between Agrify Corporation and GIC Acquisitions, LLC dated as of June 30, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 3, 2024) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Purchase Agreement between Ionic Ventures, LLC and Agrify Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2024). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Ionic Ventures, LLC and Agrify Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2024). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment to Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of August 28, 2024, by and between Agrify Corporation and CP Acquisitions, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2024). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment to Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of August 28, 2024, by and between Agrify Corporation and GIC Acquisition LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2024). 
 
 10.5 # 
 
 First Amendment to Modification and Settlement Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2024, by and between Agrify Corporation and Mack Molding Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 4, 2024). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Amendment to Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of September 27, 2024, by and between Agrify Corporation and CP Acquisitions, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2024). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amendment to Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of September 27, 2024, by and between Agrify Corporation and GIC Acquisition LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2024). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Severance Agreement, dated November 5, 2024, between Agrify Corporation and Raymond Chang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2024). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment to Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated as of August 28, 2024, by and between Agrify Corporation and CP Acquisitions, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2024). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith in accordance
with Item 601 (b)(32) of Regulation S-K. 

# Certain confidential portions
of this exhibit were omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation S-K because the identified confidential portions (i) are not
material and (ii) are customarily and actually treated as private or confidential by the Company. 

Schedules and exhibits have
been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish copies of any of the omitted schedules
and exhibits upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

57 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AGRIFY CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Benjamin Kovler 

Benjamin Kovler 

Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and 
Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2024 

58 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022074101ex31-1_agrify.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Benjamin Kovler, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Agrify
Corporation (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Benjamin Kovler 

Name: 
 Benjamin Kovler 

Title: 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer and 
Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ea022074101ex32-1_agrify.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Agrify Corporation (the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below,
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Benjamin Kovler 

Name: 
 Benjamin Kovler 

Title: 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer and 
Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 agfy-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 agfy-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 agfy-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 agfy-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 agfy-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

