<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_746838_0000746838-24-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8252509</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>93693</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1446337</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2904353</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1889738</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1747990</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000746838-24-000030.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030163341
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000746838-24-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNISYS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000746838
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				380387840
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08729
		FILM NUMBER:		241410847

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 LAKEVIEW DRIVE, SUITE 100
		CITY:			BLUE BELL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19422
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2159864011

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		801 LAKEVIEW DRIVE, SUITE 100
		CITY:			BLUE BELL
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19422

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BURROUGHS CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19861204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000746838-24-000030.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 uis-20240930.htm
 10-Q

uis-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission file number 
 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Number of shares of Unisys Common Stock, par value .01, outstanding as of September 30, 2024: 

UNISYS CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Number Information Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 2 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 25 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 32 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 32 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 33 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 33 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 33 
 Item 5 Other Information 33 
 Item 6. Exhibits 33 
 Exhibit Index 34 
 Signatures 35 

INFORMATION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements contained in this report, including, without limitation, statements as to management expectations, assumptions and beliefs presented in Part I, Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Part I, Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, Part II, Item 1. Legal Proceedings and in the notes to the financial statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, projects, may, will, intends, plans, believes, should and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements and such forward-looking statements are made based upon management s current expectations, assumptions and beliefs as of this date concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. There can be no assurance that future developments will be in accordance with management's expectations, assumptions or beliefs, or that the effect of future developments on us will be those anticipated by management. Because actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, we caution readers not to place undue reliance on these statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which that statement is made. The company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which the statement is made. 
 The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, assumptions and beliefs include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as summarized below: 
 Business and Operating 
 cyber incidents, security breaches and other disruptions in our IT systems; 
 our ability to maintain our installed base and sell new solutions and related services; 
 our ability to grow revenue, expand margin and generate sufficient cash flows in our businesses; 
 the adverse effects of volatile, negative or uncertain economic and political conditions as well as acts of war, terrorism, natural disasters or the widespread outbreak of infectious diseases; 
 our ability to effectively anticipate and respond to rapid technological innovation, such as artificial intelligence among others, in our industry; 
 our ability to work with government and public sector clients and additional risks inherent in government and public sector contracting; 
 our ability to maintain our credit rating or access financing markets; 
 our ability to align employees and their skills with client demand and retain and develop employees and management with strong leadership skills; 
 our ability to meet our underfunded defined benefit pension plan obligations; 
 the potential adverse effects of aggressive competition; 
 the performance and capabilities of third parties with whom we have commercial relationships; 
 our contracts may not be as profitable as expected or provide the expected level of revenue; 
 our ability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights and defend against infringement claims; 
 the business and financial risk in the completion of acquisitions or dispositions; 
 Legal and Regulatory 
 our inability to comply with global legal and regulatory requirements; 
 our failure to maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures; 
 our exposure to legal proceedings, investigations and environmental matters; 
 our failure to meet Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) expectations and standards, achieve our ESG goals, or comply with ESG regulations or laws; 
 Accounting 
 our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited; and 
 an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets. 
 Other factors discussed in this report, although not listed here, also could materially affect our future results. 
 2 

Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

UNISYS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) 
 (Millions, except per share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Services Technology Costs and expenses Cost of revenue Services Technology Selling, general and administrative Research and development Goodwill impairment Operating income (loss) ) Interest expense Other (expense), net ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes Consolidated net loss ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net loss attributable to Unisys Corporation ) ) ) ) Loss per share attributable to Unisys Corporation Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 3 

UNISYS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) 
 (Millions) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Consolidated net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation ) Postretirement adjustments, net of tax of ) and ) in 2024 and and ) in 2023 
 ) Total other comprehensive income Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Less comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to Unisys Corporation ) ) ) ) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 4 

UNISYS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
 (Millions) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Properties Less-accumulated depreciation and amortization Properties, net Outsourcing assets, net Marketable software, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Prepaid pension and postretirement assets Deferred income taxes Goodwill Intangible assets, net Restricted cash Assets held-for-sale Other long-term assets Total assets Total liabilities and deficit Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Deferred revenue Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term pension and postretirement liabilities Long-term deferred revenue Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 14) 
 , 2023; 
 Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, shares at cost: 2024; , 2023; 
 ) ) Paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Unisys Corporation stockholders' deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interests Total deficit ) ) Total liabilities and deficit 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 5 

UNISYS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
 (Millions) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Consolidated net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Foreign currency losses (gains) ) Non-cash interest expense Employee stock compensation Depreciation and amortization of properties Depreciation and amortization of outsourcing assets Amortization of marketable software Amortization of intangible assets Goodwill impairment Other non-cash operating activities ) Loss on disposal of capital assets Pension and postretirement contributions ) ) Pension and postretirement expense Deferred income taxes, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding the effect of acquisitions: Receivables, net and contract assets Inventories ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable and current liabilities ) ) Other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from foreign exchange forward contracts Purchases of foreign exchange forward contracts ) ) Investment in marketable software ) ) Capital additions of properties ) ) Capital additions of outsourcing assets ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Payments of long-term debt ) ) Other ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 6 

UNISYS CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (DEFICIT) (Unaudited) 
 (Millions) 
 
 Unisys Corporation Total Total Unisys Corporation Common Stock Par Value Accumu-lated Deficit Treasury Stock At Cost Paid-in Capital Accumu-lated Other Compre-hensive Loss Non-controlling Interests Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) Consolidated net (loss) income ) ) ) Stock-based activity ) Translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Postretirement plans Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) Consolidated net loss ) ) ) ) Stock-based activity ) Translation adjustments ) ) ) Postretirement plans Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) Consolidated net loss ) ) ) Stock-based activity Translation adjustments Postretirement plans ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) ) 

Unisys Corporation Total Total Unisys Corporation Common Stock Par Value Accumu-lated Deficit Treasury Stock At Cost Paid-in Capital Accumu-lated Other Compre-hensive Loss Non-controlling Interests Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) Consolidated net (loss) income ) ) ) Stock-based activity ) Translation adjustments Postretirement plans ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Consolidated net (loss) income ) ) ) Stock-based activity ) Translation adjustments Postretirement plans ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Consolidated net (loss) income ) ) ) Stock-based activity Translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Postretirement plans Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 7 

UNISYS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Note 1 - 

Note 2 - 
 
 8 

Note 3 - 
 million. The net charges related to workforce reductions were million, principally related to severance costs, and was comprised of: (a) a charge of million and (b) a credit of million for changes in estimates. The company recorded a net credit of million comprised of a credit of million for net foreign currency gains related to exiting foreign countries and a charge million for other expenses related to cost reduction efforts. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the company recognized net cost-reduction charges and other costs of million. The net charges related to workforce reductions were million, principally related to severance costs, and were comprised of: (a) a charge of million and (b) a credit of million for changes in estimates. The company recorded charges of million comprised of million for professional fees and other expenses related to cost-reduction efforts and million for net foreign currency losses related to exiting foreign countries. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the company recognized net cost-reduction charges and other costs of million. The net charges related to workforce reductions were million, principally related to severance costs, and were comprised of: (a) a charge of million and (b) a credit of million for changes in estimates. The company recorded a net charge of million comprised of a charge of million for net foreign currency losses related to exiting foreign countries and a net credit of million for changes in estimates related to other cost-reduction efforts. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the company recognized net cost-reduction charges and other costs of million. The net charges related to workforce reductions were million, principally related to severance costs, and were comprised of: (a) a charge of million and (b) a credit of million for changes in estimates. The company recorded a net charge of million comprised of a charge of million for professional fees and other expenses related to cost-reduction efforts and a credit of million for net foreign currency gains related to exiting foreign countries. 
 Selling, general and administrative Research and development Other (expense), net ) ) Total 
 Liabilities and expected future payments related to the company s work-force reduction actions are as follows: 
 Total U.S. International Balance at December 31, 2023 Additional provisions Payments ) ) ) Changes in estimates ) ) Translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2024 Expected future utilization on balance at September 30, 2024: 
 Short-term 
 9 

Note 4 - 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service benefit ) ) ) ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss Net periodic pension expense (income) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Total U.S. Plans International Plans Total U.S. Plans International Plans Service cost (i) 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service benefit ) ) ) ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss Settlement losses (ii) (iii) 
 Net periodic pension expense (income) ) (i) Service cost is reported in selling, general and administrative expense. All other components of net periodic pension expense (income) are reported in other (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 (ii) In March 2024, the company purchased a group annuity contract, with plan assets, for approximately million to transfer projected benefit obligations related to approximately retirees of one of the company s U.S. defined benefit pension plans. This action resulted in a pre-tax settlement loss of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (iii) In March 2023, the company purchased a group annuity contract, with plan assets, for approximately million to transfer projected benefit obligations related to approximately retirees of one of the company s U.S. defined benefit pension plans. This action resulted in a pre-tax settlement loss of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 In 2024, the company expects to make cash contributions of approximately million primarily for its international defined benefit pension plans. In 2023, the company made cash contributions of million to its worldwide defined benefit pension plans. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the company made cash contributions of million and million, respectively. 
 At the end of each year, the company estimates its future cash contributions to its U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans based on year-end pension data and assumptions. Any material deterioration in the value of the company s U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan assets, as well as changes in pension legislation, volatility in the capital markets, discount rate changes, asset return changes, or changes in economic or demographic trends, could require the company to make cash contributions to its U.S. defined benefit pension plans in different amounts and on a different schedule than previously contemplated. 
 10 

Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) Recognized net actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service benefit ) ) Net periodic postretirement benefit income ) ) ) ) 
 (i) Service cost is reported in selling, general and administrative expense. All other components of net periodic postretirement benefit expense (income) are reported in other (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 The company expects to make cash contributions of million to its postretirement benefit plan in 2024. In 2023, the company made cash contributions of million to its postretirement benefit plan. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the company made cash contributions of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 5 - 
 million and million of share-based restricted stock and restricted stock unit compensation expense, respectively. 
 Restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards may contain time-based units, performance-based units, total shareholder return market-based units, or a combination of these units. Each performance-based and market-based unit will vest into to shares depending on the degree to which the performance or market conditions are met. Compensation expense for performance-based awards is recognized as expense ratably for each installment from the date of grant until the date the restrictions lapse and is based on the fair market value at the date of grant and the probability of achievement of the specific performance-related goals. Compensation expense for market-related awards is recognized as expense ratably over the measurement period, regardless of the actual level of achievement, provided the service requirement is met. Restricted stock unit grants for the company s directors vest upon award and compensation expense for such awards is recognized upon grant. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited and expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 11 

million and million, respectively. The fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units with time and performance conditions was determined based on the trading price of the company s common shares on the date of grant. 
 Risk-free interest rate (i) 
 Expected volatility (ii) 
 Expected life of restricted stock units in years (iii) 
 Expected dividend yield 
 (i) Represents the continuously compounded semi-annual zero-coupon U.S. treasury rate commensurate with the remaining performance period. 
 (ii) Based on historical volatility for the company that is commensurate with the length of the performance period. 
 (iii) Represents the remaining life of the longest performance period. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding restricted stock and restricted stock units granted under the company s plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The aggregate weighted-average grant-date fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. 

Note 6 -) ) ) ) Foreign exchange gains (losses) (ii) 
 ) Other, net (iii) 
 ) Total other (expense), net ) ) ) ) 
 (i) Includes million and million of U.S. pension settlement losses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. See Note 4. 
 (ii) Includes net foreign exchange gains of million and net foreign exchange losses of million, respectively, in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, related to substantial completion of liquidation of foreign subsidiaries. Includes net foreign currency losses of million and net foreign currency gains of million, respectively, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, related to substantial completion of liquidation of foreign subsidiaries. 
 (iii) Other, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes a net gain of million related to a favorable judgment received in a Brazilian services tax matter. Additionally, other, net includes environmental costs related to previously disposed businesses. 
 
 Note 7 - 
 million and million, respectively, primarily driven by a change in the company s indefinite reinvestment assertion of the earnings in certain foreign subsidiaries and the geographic distribution of income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the effective tax rate was ) and ) , respectively, primarily driven by a change in the company s indefinite reinvestment assertion of the earnings in certain foreign subsidiaries, non-creditable withholding taxes in the U.S., jurisdictions with no valuation allowance that are subject to tax, and U.S. operating losses with no tax benefit as the deferred tax assets are subject to 
 12 

million in United Kingdom. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the provision for income taxes was million and million, respectively, primarily driven by geographic distribution of income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the effective tax rate was ) and ) , respectively, primarily driven by U.S. operating losses with no tax benefit as the deferred tax assets are subject to a full valuation allowance, non-creditable withholding taxes in the U.S. and jurisdictions with no valuation allowance that are subject to tax. The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was also impacted by an additional valuation allowance of million in Latin America. 
 Accounting rules governing income taxes require that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recognized using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities. These rules also require that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized. 
 The company evaluates the realizability of its deferred tax assets by assessing its valuation allowance and by adjusting such amount, if necessary. The realization of the company s net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2024, is primarily dependent on the ability to generate sustained taxable income in various jurisdictions. Judgment is required to estimate forecasted future taxable income, which may be impacted by future business developments, actual results, strategic operational and tax initiatives, legislative, and other economic factors and developments. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance would result in additional or lower income tax expense in that period and could have a significant impact on that period s earnings. 
 A full valuation allowance is currently maintained for all U.S. and certain foreign deferred tax assets in excess of deferred tax liabilities. The company will record a tax provision or benefit for those international subsidiaries that do not have a full valuation allowance against their net deferred tax assets. Any profit or loss recorded for the company s U.S. operations will have no provision or benefit associated with it due to such valuation allowance, except with respect to withholding taxes not creditable against future taxable income. As a result, the company s provision or benefit for taxes may vary significantly depending on the geographic distribution of income. 
 Under U.S. tax law, distributions from foreign subsidiaries to U.S. stockholders are generally exempt from taxation. Consequently, the deferred income tax liability on undistributed earnings is generally limited to any foreign withholding or other foreign taxes that will be imposed on such distributions. As of September 30, 2024, the company is no longer asserting indefinite reinvestment of the earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries, as such, a related deferred tax liability of million has been established for the company s investment in those foreign subsidiaries. The deferred tax liability is included in other long-term liabilities on the company s consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 13 

Note 8 -) ) ) ) Weighted average shares Basic loss per common share ) ) ) ) Diluted loss per common share computation: Net loss attributable to Unisys Corporation ) ) ) ) Weighted average shares Plus incremental shares from assumed vesting of employee stock plans 
 Adjusted weighted average shares Diluted loss per common share ) ) ) ) Anti-dilutive restricted stock units (i) 
 
 (i) Amounts represent shares excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share, as their effect, if included, would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented. 

Note 9 - 
 Contract assets - long-term (i) 
 Deferred revenue - current ) ) Deferred revenue - long-term ) ) 
 (i) Reported in other long-term assets on the company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Significant changes in the above contract liability balances were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue recognized that was included in deferred revenue at the beginning of the period 
 
 Note 10 - 
 million and million, respectively, of deferred commissions. 
 14 

(i) Reported in selling, general and administrative expense in the company s consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 Costs on outsourcing contracts are generally expensed as incurred. However, certain costs incurred upon initiation of an outsourcing contract (costs to fulfill a contract), principally initial customer setup, are capitalized and expensed over the initial contract life. These costs are included in outsourcing assets, net in the company s consolidated balance sheets. The amount of such costs at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was million and million, respectively. These costs are amortized over the initial contract life and reported in cost of revenue. 
 
 The remaining balance of outsourcing assets, net is comprised of fixed assets and software used in connection with outsourcing contracts. These costs are capitalized and depreciated over the shorter of the initial contract life or in accordance with the company s fixed asset policy. 
 
 Note 11 - 
 or less, which have not been designated as hedging instruments. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the notional amount of these contracts was million and million, respectively. The fair value of these forward contracts is based on quoted prices for similar but not identical financial instruments; as such, the inputs are considered Level 2 inputs. 
 Other accrued liabilities Total fair value 
 15 

) ) ) 
 Financial assets with carrying values approximating fair value include cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. Financial liabilities with carrying values approximating fair value include accounts payable and other liabilities. The carrying amounts of these financial assets and liabilities approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 
 
 senior secured notes due November 1, 2027 
 
 Long-term debt is carried at amortized cost and its estimated fair value is based on market prices classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Note 12 - 
 Goodwill impairment ) ) Translation adjustments Balance at September 30, 2024 
 At September 30, 2024, the amount of goodwill allocated to reporting units with negative net assets within Other was million. 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 The company reviews goodwill for impairment annually, as well as whenever there are events or changes in circumstances (triggering events), which indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The company continuously monitors its revenue, gross profit and operating profit growth and evaluates other relevant events and circumstances including changes to U.S. treasury rates and equity risk premiums, tax rates, recent market valuations from transactions by comparable companies, volatility in the company s market capitalization, and general industry, market and macro-economic conditions, that could unfavorably impact the recoverability of the goodwill carrying value. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the company reviewed its estimated long term expected future cash flows for its Digital Workplace Solutions (DWS) reporting unit as operating results were below estimated forecast due to the impact of the slower pace of client signings driven by the current economic environment and industry dynamics. Based on this, the company concluded that a triggering event existed and conducted a quantitative goodwill assessment for its reporting unit as of September 30, 2024. 
 The fair value of the DWS reporting unit was estimated using both the income approach and the market approach using a weighted methodology to determine its fair value. 
 The income approach is a forward-looking approach to estimating fair value and relies primarily on internal forecasts. Within the income approach, the method used is the discounted cash flow method, which is considered a Level 3 nonrecurring fair value measurement. The company starts with a forecast of all expected net cash flows associated with the reporting unit, which 
 16 

million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Based on the annual impairment analysis performed during the fourth quarter of 2023, the Cloud, Applications Infrastructure Solutions (CA I) reporting unit had a excess of fair value over book value, including goodwill. 
 It is possible that future changes in such circumstances or in the inputs and assumptions used in estimating the fair value of the reporting units could require the company to record an additional non-cash impairment charge. 
 Intangible Assets, Net 
 Customer relationships (ii) 
 Marketing (ii) 
 Total 
 (i) Amortization expense is included within cost of revenue - technology in the consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization expense was million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, amortization expense was million and million, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 17 

Note 13 - 
 senior secured notes due November 1, 2027 (Face value of million less unamortized issuance costs of and million at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023, respectively) (i) 
 Finance leases Other debt Total Less current maturities Total long-term debt 
 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 
 The company has outstanding million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes). The 2027 Notes pay interest semiannually on May 1 and November 1 and will mature on November 1, 2027, unless earlier repurchased or redeemed. The 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by Unisys Holding Corporation, Unisys NPL, Inc. and Unisys AP Investment Company I, each of which is a U.S. corporation that is directly or indirectly owned by the company (the subsidiary guarantors). 
 The 2027 Notes and the related guarantees rank equally in right of payment with all of the existing and future senior debt of the company and its subsidiary guarantors and senior in right of payment to any future subordinated debt of the company and its subsidiary guarantors. The 2027 Notes and the related guarantees are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities (including preferred stock, trade payables and pension liabilities) of the subsidiaries of the company that are not subsidiary guarantors. The 2027 Notes and the guarantees are secured by liens on substantially all assets of the company and the subsidiary guarantors, other than certain excluded assets (the collateral). The liens securing the 2027 Notes on certain ABL collateral are subordinated to the liens on Asset Based Lending (ABL) collateral in favor of the ABL secured parties and, in the future, the liens securing the 2027 Notes may be subordinated to liens on the collateral securing certain permitted first lien debt, subject to certain limitations and permitted liens. 
 The company may, on any one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the 2027 Notes at specified redemption premiums, declining to par for any redemptions on or after November 1, 2025. 
 The indenture contains covenants that limit the ability of the company and its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; (ii) pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem its capital stock; (iii) prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; (iv) issue certain preferred stock or similar equity securities; (v) make loans and investments; (vi) sell assets; (vii) create or incur liens; (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates; (ix) enter into agreements restricting its subsidiaries ability to pay dividends; and (x) consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets. These covenants are subject to several important limitations and exceptions. 
 If the company experiences certain kinds of changes of control (as defined in the indenture), it will be required to offer to repurchase the 2027 Notes at of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest as of the repurchase date, if any. In addition, if the company sells assets, under certain circumstances it must apply the proceeds towards an offer to repurchase the 2027 Notes at a price equal to par plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 The indenture also provides for events of default, which, if any of them occur, would permit or require the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding 2027 Notes to be due and payable immediately. 
 18 

Amortization of issuance costs Total 
 Asset Based Lending (ABL) Credit Facility 
 The company has a secured revolving credit facility (the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility), which matures on October 29, 2025 and provides for revolving loans and letters of credit up to an aggregate amount of million (with a limit on letters of credit of million), with an accordion feature provision allowing for the aggregate amount available under the credit facility to be increased up to million upon the satisfaction of certain specified conditions. Availability under the credit facility is subject to a borrowing base calculated by reference to the company s receivables. At September 30, 2024, the company had borrowings and million of letters of credit outstanding. Availability under the facility was million net of letters of credit issued. See Note 19 for subsequent amendment to the company s Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility. 
 The Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility is subject to a springing maturity, under which the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility will immediately mature days prior to the maturity date of the company s 2027 Notes or any date on which contributions to pension funds in the United States in an amount in excess of million are required to be paid unless the company is able to meet certain conditions, including that the company has the liquidity (as defined in the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility) to cash settle the remaining outstanding balance of the 2027 Notes or the amount of such pension payments, as applicable, no default or event of default has occurred under the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility, the company s liquidity is above million and the company is in compliance with the then applicable fixed charge coverage ratio on a pro forma basis. 
 The Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility is guaranteed by the subsidiary guarantors and any future material domestic subsidiaries. The facility is secured by the assets of the company and the subsidiary guarantors, other than certain excluded assets, under a security agreement entered into by the company and the subsidiary guarantors in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as agent for the lenders under the credit facility. 
 The company is required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio if the availability under the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility falls below the greater of of the lenders commitments under the facility and million. 
 The Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, including, but not limited to, that there has been no material adverse change in the company s business, properties, operations or financial condition. The Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility includes restrictions on the ability of the company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur other debt or liens, dispose of assets and make acquisitions, loans and investments, repurchase its equity, and prepay other debt. These restrictions are subject to several important limitations and exceptions. Events of default include non-payment, failure to comply with covenants, materially incorrect representations and warranties, change of control and default under other debt aggregating at least million, subject to relevant cure periods, as applicable. 
 At September 30, 2024, the company has met all covenants and conditions under its various lending and funding agreements. For at least the next 12 months, the company expects to continue to meet these covenants and conditions. 
 
 Note 14 - 
 19 

million. 
 As previously disclosed, the company received voluntary requests for information and documents from the SEC relating to the company s policies, procedures and disclosures in connection with cybersecurity incidents. The company is cooperating with the SEC s investigation of certain of the company s cybersecurity risk disclosures and cybersecurity-related internal controls, including with respect to the material weaknesses that the company identified and disclosed in the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. The company is in discussions with the SEC staff regarding a potential non-scienter-based settlement of the alleged issues arising from the investigation but there can be no assurance that the company will be able to resolve the matter on terms acceptable to the company and the SEC. The company believes it has an adequate provision for this matter . See Note 19 for subsequent resolution of the SEC investigation. 
 With respect to the specific legal proceedings and claims described above, except as otherwise noted, either (i) the amount or range of possible losses in excess of amounts accrued, if any, is not reasonably estimable or (ii) the company believes that the amount or range of possible losses in excess of amounts accrued that are estimable would not be material. Nonetheless, the company is unable to predict the outcome from such matters and it is possible that an adverse result could be material to the company s financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Environmental Matters 
 As of September 30, 2024, the company has an estimated environmental liability for a site that its predecessor company previously operated of approximately million, of which million is reported in other accrued liabilities and million in other long-term liabilities on the company s consolidated balance sheet. The company has an agreement related to this site, which provides for a partial reimbursement of certain costs when all cleanup work has been approved and finalized. As of September 30, 2024, the company expects to recover approximately million, which is included in other long-term assets on the company s consolidated balance sheet. As the company continues to perform investigation activities and if events and circumstances change, the company may incur future additional costs, which could have a material impact on the company s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 20 

Note 15 -) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Current period other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) )) ) Pension and postretirement plans (ii) : 
 Amortization of prior service benefit ) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses Settlement losses Total before tax Income tax ) ) ) ) Total reclassifications for the period 
 (i) Reported in other (expense), net in the consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 (ii) These items are included in net periodic pension and postretirement cost (see Note 4). 

Note 16 - 
 Interest 
 Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 
 Cash and cash equivalents subject to contractual restrictions and are therefore not readily available are classified as restricted cash. At September 30, 2024, the company maintains cash balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits. The company monitors this risk by evaluating the creditworthiness of the financial institutions. 
 21 

Note 17 - 
 22 

Gross profit Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue Gross profit 
 Total Segments DWS CA I ECS Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenue Gross profit Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue Gross profit 
 Other revenue Total consolidated revenue 
 Other gross profit (loss) 
 ) ) Total gross profit Selling, general and administrative expense ) ) ) ) Research and development expense ) ) ) ) Goodwill impairment 
 ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other (expense), net ) ) ) ) Total loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) 
 Other revenue and other gross profit (loss) are comprised of an aggregation of a number of immaterial business activities. These activities principally provide for the management of processes and functions for clients in select industries, helping them improve performance and reduce costs. Additionally, other gross profit (loss) includes restructuring charges, amortization of purchased intangibles and unusual and nonrecurring items that are not allocated to specific segments. 
 23 

United Kingdom Other foreign Total 
 
 Note 18 - 
 billion of remaining performance obligations of which approximately is estimated to be recognized as revenue by the end of 2024, by the end of 2025, by the end of 2026, by the end of 2027 and thereafter. 
 
 Note 19 - 
 million, with an accordion feature provision allowing for the aggregate amount available to be increased up to million. 
 SEC Settlement 
 million civil penalty, which was accrued in an earlier period when deemed probable and estimable. The settlement is not an admission by the company of any wrongdoing . 
 24 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this quarterly report. 
 
 Overview 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the company reported net loss attributable to Unisys Corporation of 61.9 million, or 0.89 per diluted share, compared with a loss of 50.0 million, or 0.73 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the company reported net loss attributable to Unisys Corporation of 223.4 million, or 3.23 per diluted share, compared with a loss of 265.4 million, or 3.89 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 132.3 million and 183.2 million, respectively, of U.S. pension plan settlement losses. 
 The net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a goodwill impairment charge of 39.1 million within the Digital Workplace Solutions (DWS) reportable segment and a tax provision established for certain foreign subsidiaries of 29.0 million as the company is no longer asserting indefinite reinvestment of the earnings of those foreign subsidiaries. 
 In March 2024, the company purchased a group annuity contract, with plan assets, for approximately 195 million to transfer projected benefit obligations related to one of the company s U.S. defined benefit pension plans. This action resulted in a pre-tax settlement loss of 132.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 In March 2023, the company purchased a group annuity contract, with plan assets, for approximately 265 million to transfer projected benefit obligations related to one of the company s U.S. defined benefit pension plans. This action resulted in a pre-tax settlement loss of 183.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Results of operations 
 Company results 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 497.0 million compared with 464.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 7.0 from the prior-year period. The increase was primarily due to the timing of software license renewals within the Enterprise Computing Solutions segment. Foreign currency fluctuations had a 1 percentage-point negative impact on revenue in the current period compared with the prior-year period. 
 Revenue from U.S. operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 210.3 million, compared with 217.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 3.3 from the prior-year period. Revenue from international operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 286.7 million, compared with 247.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase 16.0 from the prior-year period. Foreign currency had a 2 percentage-point negative impact on international revenue in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the company recognized net cost-reduction charges and other costs of 1.6 million. The net charges related to workforce reductions were 2.0 million, principally related to severance costs, and was comprised of: (a) a charge of 2.5 million and (b) a credit of 0.5 million for changes in estimates. The company recorded a net credit of 0.4 million comprised of a credit of 0.7 million for net foreign currency gains related to exiting foreign countries and a charge 0.3 million for other expenses related to cost reduction efforts. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the company recognized net cost-reduction charges and other costs of 4.6 million. The net charges related to workforce reductions were 1.6 million, principally related to severance costs, and were comprised of: (a) a charge of 3.5 million and (b) a credit of 1.9 million for changes in estimates. The company recorded charges of 3.0 million comprised of 2.5 million for professional fees and other expenses related to cost-reduction efforts and 0.5 million for net foreign currency losses related to exiting foreign countries. 
 25 

The charges (credits) were recorded in the following statement of income (loss) classifications: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cost of revenue 1.4 0.7 Selling, general and administrative 0.9 3.1 Research and development 0.3 Other (expense), net (0.7) 0.5 Total 1.6 4.6 
 Gross profit and gross profit margin were 145.0 million and 29.2 in the three months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with 95.3 million and 20.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily driven by the timing of software license renewals. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense in the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 91.9 million (18.5 of revenue) compared with 108.1 million (23.3 of revenue) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by lower professional services and lower cost reduction and other expenses. 
 Research and development expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 6.5 million and 4.3 million, respectively. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the company reported an operating profit of 7.5 million compared with an operating loss of 17.1 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by the timing of software license renewals and lower selling, general and administrative expense as discussed above, partially offset by a goodwill impairment charge of 39.1 million related to the DWS reportable segment (see Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details on the goodwill impairment). 
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 7.9 million and 7.8 million, respectively. 
 Other (expense), net was expense of 8.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with expense of 3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. See Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details of other (expense), net. 
 The loss before income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 8.6 million compared with loss of 28.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 included a goodwill impairment charge of 39.1 million related to the DWS reportable segment. 
 The provision for income taxes was 53.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with a provision of 20.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The change in the tax provision was primarily driven by a provision of 29.0 million established for certain foreign subsidiaries for which the company is no longer asserting indefinite reinvestment of earnings and the geographic distribution of income. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was (619.8) and (71.6) , respectively, primarily driven by a change in the company s indefinite reinvestment assertion of the earnings in certain foreign subsidiaries, non-creditable withholding taxes in the U.S., jurisdictions with no valuation allowance that are subject to tax, and U.S. operating losses with no tax benefit as the deferred tax assets are subject to a full valuation allowance. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details of the change in the company s indefinite reinvestment assertion of the earnings in certain foreign subsidiaries. 
 The company evaluates quarterly the realizability of its deferred tax assets by assessing its valuation allowance and by adjusting such amount, if necessary. The company records a tax provision or benefit for those international subsidiaries that do not have a full valuation allowance against their deferred tax assets. Any profit or loss recorded for the company s U.S. operations will have no provision or benefit associated with it due to the company s valuation allowance, except with respect to refundable tax credits and withholding taxes not creditable against future taxable income. As a result, the company s provision or benefit for taxes may vary significantly period to period depending on the geographic distribution of income. 
 The realization of the company s net deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on the ability to generate sustained taxable income in various jurisdictions. Judgment is required to estimate forecasted future taxable income, which may be impacted by future business developments, actual results, strategic operational and tax initiatives, legislative, and other economic factors and developments. Any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance would result in additional or lower income tax expense in that period and could have a significant impact on that period s earnings. 
 26 

Net loss attributable to Unisys Corporation for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 61.9 million, or 0.89 per diluted share, compared with a loss of 50.0 million, or 0.73 per diluted share, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 included a goodwill impairment charge of 39.1 million related to the DWS reportable segment and a tax provision of 29.0 million established for certain foreign subsidiaries for which the company is no longer asserting indefinite reinvestment of earnings. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1,463.0 million compared with 1,457.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 0.4 from the prior-year period. Foreign currency fluctuations had a negligible impact on revenue in the current period compared with the prior-year period. 
 Revenue from U.S. operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 627.0 million, compared with 630.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 0.6 from the prior-year period. Revenue from international operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 836.0 million, compared with 827.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 1.1 from the prior-year period. Foreign currency had a negligible impact on international revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the company recognized net cost-reduction charges and other costs of 8.5 million. The net charges related to workforce reductions were 7.9 million, principally related to severance costs, and were comprised of: (a) a charge of 12.2 million and (b) a credit of 4.3 million for changes in estimates. The company recorded a net charge of 0.6 million comprised of a charge of 1.0 million for net foreign currency losses related to exiting foreign countries and a net credit of 0.4 million for changes in estimates related to other cost-reduction efforts. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the company recognized net cost-reduction charges and other costs of 5.3 million. The net charges related to workforce reductions were 4.4 million, principally related to severance costs, and were comprised of: (a) a charge of 10.0 million and (b) a credit of 5.6 million for changes in estimates. The company recorded a net charge of 0.9 million comprised of a charge of 3.8 million for professional fees and other expenses related to cost-reduction efforts and a credit of 2.9 million for net foreign currency gains related to exiting foreign countries. 
 The charges (credits) were recorded in the following statement of income (loss) classifications: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cost of revenue 2.8 4.1 Selling, general and administrative 3.6 3.6 Research and development 1.1 0.5 Other (expense), net 1.0 (2.9) Total 8.5 5.3 
 Gross profit and gross profit margin were 410.9 million and 28.1 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared with 370.1 million and 25.4 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily due to delivery modernization and labor cost savings initiatives. Additionally, prior year gross profit margin was negatively impacted by certain adjustments related to a previously exited contract. 
 Selling, general and administrative expense in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 305.5 million (20.9 of revenue) compared with 321.3 million (22.0 of revenue) in the prior-year period. The decrease was primarily driven by lower professional services. 
 Research and development expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 17.5 million and 15.9 million, respectively. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the company reported an operating profit of 48.8 million compared with an operating profit of 32.9 million for the prior-year period. The increase was primarily driven by higher gross profit and lower selling, general and administrative expense as discussed above, partially offset by a goodwill impairment charge of 39.1 million related to the DWS reportable segment (see Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details on the goodwill impairment). 
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 23.7 million compared with 22.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 27 

Other (expense), net was expense of 159.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with expense of 217.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other (expense), net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 132.3 million and 183.2 million, respectively, of U.S. pension plan settlement losses. Additionally, other (expense), net for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a net gain of approximately 14.9 million related to a favorable judgment received in a Brazilian services tax matter. See Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details of other (expense), net. 
 The loss before income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 134.6 million compared with a loss of 207.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023.The loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 132.3 million and 183.2 million, respectively, of U.S. pension plan settlement losses. Additionally, the loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a goodwill impairment charge of 39.1 million related to the DWS reportable segment. 
 The provision for income taxes was 89.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with a provision of 55.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in the tax provision was driven by a provision of 29.0 million established for certain foreign subsidiaries for which the company is no longer asserting indefinite reinvestment of earnings and the geographic distribution of income. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was (66.2) and (26.9) , respectively, primarily driven by U.S. operating losses with no tax benefit as the deferred tax assets are subject to a full valuation allowance, a change in the company s indefinite reinvestment assertion of the earnings in certain foreign subsidiaries, non-creditable withholding taxes in the U.S. and jurisdictions with no valuation allowance that are subject to tax. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for details of the change in the company s indefinite reinvestment assertion of the earnings in certain foreign subsidiaries. 
 Net loss attributable to Unisys Corporation for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 223.4 million, or 3.23 per diluted share, compared with a loss of 265.4 million, or 3.89 per diluted share, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 included 132.3 million and 183.2 million, respectively, of U.S. pension plan settlement losses net of tax. Additionally, the net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included a goodwill impairment charge of 39.1 million related to the DWS reportable segment and a tax provision of 29.0 million established for certain foreign subsidiaries for which the company is no longer asserting indefinite reinvestment of earnings. 
 Segment results 
 The company s reportable segments are as follows: 
 Digital Workplace Solutions (DWS), which provides modern and traditional workplace solutions; 
 Cloud, Applications Infrastructure Solutions (CA I), which provides digital platform, applications, and infrastructure solutions; and 
 Enterprise Computing Solutions (ECS), which provides solutions that harness secure, continuous high-intensity computing and enable digital services through software-defined operating environments. 
 The accounting policies of each segment are the same as those followed by the company as a whole. The company evaluates segment performance based on gross profit exclusive of the service cost component of postretirement income or expense, cost reduction charges, amortization of purchased intangibles and unusual and nonrecurring items, which are included in other gross profit. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 A summary of the company s operations by segment is presented below: 
 Total Segments DWS CA I ECS Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenue 420.3 130.9 131.5 157.9 Gross profit percent 32.7 16.3 16.3 60.0 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue 396.6 140.9 133.5 122.2 Gross profit percent 25.9 14.8 15.3 50.2 
 
 28 

DWS revenue was 130.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 7.1 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in revenue was primarily driven by lower discretionary volume with clients as compared to the prior-year period. Foreign currency fluctuations had a 1 percentage-point negative impact on DWS revenue in the current period compared with the prior-year period. Gross profit percent was 16.3 in the current period compared with 14.8 in the year-ago period. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by delivery modernization and efficiency initiatives. 
 CA I revenue was 131.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.5 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currency fluctuations had a negligible impact on CA I revenue in the current period compared with the prior-year period. Gross profit percent was 16.3 in the current period compared with 15.3 in the prior-year period. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by labor cost savings initiatives. 
 ECS revenue was 157.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 29.2 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currency fluctuations had a 3 percentage-point negative impact on ECS revenue in the current period compared with the prior-year period. Gross profit percent was 60.0 in the current period compared with 50.2 in the prior-year period. The increase in revenue and gross profit was driven by the timing software license renewals. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 A summary of the company s operations by segment is presented below: 
 Total Segments DWS CA I ECS Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Revenue 1,232.5 395.3 394.8 442.4 Gross profit percent 31.3 15.6 16.9 58.0 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Revenue 1,244.0 406.9 392.1 445.0 Gross profit percent 30.0 13.5 15.1 58.4 
 
 DWS revenue was 395.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 2.9 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in revenue was primarily driven by lower discretionary volume with clients, partially offset by revenue from expansion and new scope for existing clients and new logo contracts, as compared to the prior-year period. Foreign currency fluctuations had a negligible impact on DWS revenue in the current period compared with the prior-year period. Gross profit percent was 15.6 in the current period compared with 13.5 in the prior-year period. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by delivery modernization and efficiency initiatives. 
 CA I revenue was 394.8 million for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 0.7 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currency fluctuations had a negligible impact on CA I revenue in the current period compared with the prior-year period. Gross profit percent was 16.9 in the current period compared with 15.1 in the prior-year period. The increase in gross profit was primarily driven by labor cost savings initiatives. 
 ECS revenue was 442.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 0.6 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Foreign currency fluctuations had a negligible impact on ECS revenue in the current period compared with the prior-year period. Gross profit percent was 58.0 in the current period compared with 58.4 in the prior-year period. 
 
 Financial condition 
 The company s principal sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash from operations and its revolving credit facility, discussed below. The company and certain international subsidiaries have access to uncommitted lines of credit from various banks. The company believes that it will have adequate sources of liquidity to meet its expected cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
 Cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2024 were 373.7 million compared to 387.7 million at December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, 256.7 million of cash and cash equivalents were held by the company s foreign subsidiaries and branches operating outside of the U.S. The company may not be able to readily transfer approximately one-fifth of these funds out of the country in which they are located as a result of local restrictions, contractual or other legal arrangements or commercial considerations. Additionally, any transfers of these funds to the U.S. in the future may require the company to 
 29 

accrue or pay withholding or other taxes on a portion of the amount transferred. At September 30, 2024, the company maintains cash balances in various operating accounts in excess of federally insured limits. The company monitors this risk by evaluating the creditworthiness of the financial institutions. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by operations was 58.5 million compared to cash provided of 51.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Cash used for investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 54.0 million compared to cash usage of 46.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net proceeds of foreign exchange forward contracts were 5.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with net proceeds of 14.3 million in the prior-year period. Proceeds from foreign exchange forward contracts and purchases of foreign exchange forward contracts represent derivative financial instruments used to reduce the company s currency exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. In the current period, the investment in marketable software was 36.7 million compared with 32.9 million in the prior-year period, capital additions of properties were 11.0 million compared with 15.4 million in the prior-year period and capital additions of outsourcing assets were 11.2 million compared with 11.4 million in the prior-year period. 
 Cash used for financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 13.7 million compared to cash used of 14.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 In March 2024, the company purchased a group annuity contract, with plan assets, for approximately 195 million to transfer projected benefit obligations related to approximately 3,800 retirees of one of the company s U.S. defined benefit pension plans. This action resulted in a pre-tax settlement loss of 132.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. After considering this most recent group annuity contract purchase, the company has successfully reduced its global defined benefit pension obligations since December 2020 by 2.2 billion, including 1.5 billion in the U.S. 
 The company will continue to evaluate opportunities for additional reduction of its global defined benefit pension obligations in future periods depending on overall market conditions. Due to the company s significant postretirement plans accumulated other comprehensive losses, future group annuity contract purchases could result in material non-cash settlement losses. 
 At the end of each year, the company estimates its future cash contributions to its U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans based on year-end pension data and assumptions. In 2023, the company made cash contributions of 42.4 million to its worldwide defined benefit pension plans. Based on current legislation, global regulations, recent interest rates and expected returns, the company estimates future cash contributions of approximately 22 million in 2024, primarily for its international defined benefit pension plans. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the company made cash contributions of 17.6 million and 37.1 million, respectively. The company estimates that cash contributions to its U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans will begin in 2025, increasing the total estimated contributions for the company s U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans to approximately 92 million in 2025. If the company is not able to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, we may need to obtain additional funding in order to make these contributions. Any material deterioration in the value of the company s U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan assets, as well as changes in pension legislation, volatility in the capital markets, discount rate changes, asset return changes, or changes in economic or demographic trends, could require the company to make cash contributions to its U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans in different amounts and on a different schedule than previously contemplated. 
 At September 30, 2024, total debt was 496.2 million compared to 504.2 million at December 31, 2023. 
 The company has a secured revolving credit facility (the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility), which matures on October 29, 2025, and provides for revolving loans and letters of credit up to an aggregate amount of 145.0 million (with a limit on letters of credit of 40.0 million), with an accordion feature provision allowing for the aggregate amount available under the credit facility to be increased up to 175.0 million upon the satisfaction of certain specified conditions. Availability under the credit facility is subject to a borrowing base calculated by reference to the company s receivables. At September 30, 2024, the company had no borrowings and 7.0 million of letters of credit outstanding. Availability under the facility was 99.0 million net of letters of credit issued. Any borrowings under the facility will be subject to variable interest rates. 
 The Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility is subject to a springing maturity, under which the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility will immediately mature 91 days prior to the maturity date of the company s 6.875 Senior Secured Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes) or any date on which contributions to pension funds in the United States in an amount in excess of 100.0 million are required to be paid unless the company is able to meet certain conditions, including that the company has the liquidity (as defined in the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility) to cash settle the remaining outstanding balance of the 2027 Notes or the amount of such pension payments, as applicable, no default or event of default has occurred under the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility, the company s liquidity is above 130.0 million and the company is in compliance with the then applicable fixed charge coverage ratio on a pro forma basis. 
 The Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility is guaranteed by Unisys Holding Corporation, Unisys NPL, Inc. and Unisys AP Investment Company I, each of which is a U.S. corporation that is directly or indirectly owned by the company (the 
 30 

subsidiary guarantors). The facility is secured by the assets of the company and the subsidiary guarantors, other than certain excluded assets, under a security agreement entered into by the company and the subsidiary guarantors in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as agent for the lenders under the credit facility. 
 The company is required to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio if the availability under the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility falls below the greater of 10 of the lenders commitments under the facility and 14.5 million. 
 The Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties, including, but not limited to, that there has been no material adverse change in the company s business, properties, operations or financial condition. The Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility includes restrictions on the ability of the company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur other debt or liens, dispose of assets and make acquisitions, loans and investments, repurchase its equity, and prepay other debt. These restrictions are subject to several important limitations and exceptions. Events of default include non-payment, failure to comply with covenants, materially incorrect representations and warranties, change of control and default under other debt aggregating at least 50.0 million, subject to relevant cure periods, as applicable. 
 At September 30, 2024, the company has met all covenants and conditions under its various lending and funding agreements. For at least the next 12 months, the company expects to continue to meet these covenants and conditions. 
 On October 28, 2024. the company amended the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility (the Amendment ). Among other things, the Amendment extended the maturity from October 29, 2025 to October 29, 2027 and reduced the aggregate amount of loans and letters of credit available under the Amended and Restated ABL Credit Facility to 125.0 million, with an accordion feature provision allowing for the aggregate amount available to be increased up to 155.0 million. 
 From time to time, the company may explore a variety of additional debt and equity sources to fund its liquidity and capital needs. 
 The company may, from time to time, redeem, tender for, or repurchase its securities in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions depending upon availability, market conditions and other factors. 
 The company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are material or reasonably likely to become material to its financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 There have been no significant changes to the company s critical accounting policies and estimates as reported in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 31 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 There has been no material change in the company s assessment of its sensitivity to market risk since its disclosure in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, management performed, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), an evaluation of the effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Based upon that evaluation, the CEO and the CFO concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 32 

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Information with respect to legal proceedings is set forth in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except for the following: 
 Impairment of goodwill has negatively impacted our results of operations. If goodwill or intangible assets are further or fully impaired in the future, our results of operations will be negatively impacted even further. 
 On an annual basis, and whenever circumstances arise, we review goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. The impairment test is based on several factors, estimates and assumptions, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, market capitalization and relevant entity-specific events. Significant changes to these factors could impact the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of goodwill or intangible assets and may indicate potential impairment. As described in Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q, during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we determined that a triggering event had occurred and therefore performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test for the Digital Workplace Solutions reporting unit. As a result, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 39.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. We will continue to conduct an impairment analysis of our goodwill and intangible assets on an annual basis, as well as whenever there are events or changes in circumstances (triggering events), which indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We could be required to record additional impairment charges in the future if any recoverability assessments reflect estimated fair values that are less than the recorded values of our reporting units. Further impairments of our goodwill or intangible assets would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). 
 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 
 The Board of Directors of the company has determined to hold the company s 2025 annual meeting of stockholders on May 8, 2025, at a time and location to be set forth in the company s notice of 2025 annual meeting and proxy statement. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 See Exhibit Index 
 33 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification of Peter A. Altabef, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Debra McCann, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32.1 Certification of Peter A. Altabef, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 32.2 Certification of Debra McCann, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 101 The following financial information from Unisys Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss), (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit), and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 34 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 UNISYS CORPORATION Date: October 30, 2024 
 By: /s/ Debra McCann Debra McCann Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 By: /s/ David Brown David Brown Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q32024-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Peter A. Altabef, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Unisys Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 
 s Peter A. Altabef Name Peter A. Altabef Title Chair and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q32024-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Debra McCann, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Unisys Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 
 s Debra McCann Name Debra McCann Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q32024-ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
 I, Peter A. Altabef, Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Unisys Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 
 s Peter A. Altabef Peter A. Altabef Chair and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 q32024-ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 
 I, Debra McCann, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Unisys Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 
 s Debra McCann Debra McCann Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 uis-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 uis-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 uis-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 uis-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 uis-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

