<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241004_10-Q_edgar_data_1005286_0001005286-24-000145.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6964546</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73137</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1338701</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2134764</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1808659</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1485705</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001005286-24-000145.hdr.sgml : 20241004
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241004074136
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001005286-24-000145
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240825
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241004
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241004

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIFECORE BIOMEDICAL, INC. \DE\
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005286
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				943025618
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0525

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27446
		FILM NUMBER:		241353506

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3515 LYMAN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			CHASKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55318
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9523684300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3515 LYMAN BOULEVARD
		CITY:			CHASKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55318

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LANDEC CORP \CA\
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951222

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001005286-24-000145.txt : 20241004

10-Q
 1
 lfcr-20240825.htm
 10-Q

lfcr-20240825 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Quarter Ended , or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition period for _________ to _________. 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered The Global Select Market 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Emerging Growth Company Non Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of September 27, 2024, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 LIFECORE BIOMEDICAL, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 INDEX Page Part I. 
 Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Convertible Preferred Stock and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three Months Ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023 
 4 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 1 
 Organization, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 5 
 2 
 Revenue 
 7 
 3 
 Restructuring Costs 
 7 
 4 
 Earnings Per Share 
 8 
 5 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 8 
 6 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 9 
 7 
 Accounts Receivable 
 10 
 8 
 Inventories 
 11 
 9 
 Property, Plant, and Equipment 
 12 
 10 
 Debt 
 13 
 11 
 Leases 
 14 
 12 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 15 
 13 
 Convertible Preferred Stock and Common Stock 
 16 
 14 
 Income Taxes 
 17 
 15 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 17 
 16 
 Discontinued Operations 
 18 
 17 
 Subsequent Events 
 18 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 25 
 Item 4 . 
 Controls and Procedures 
 25 
 Part II. 
 Other Information 
 27 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 27 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 27 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 27 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 28 
 Signatures 
 29 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 LIFECORE BIOMEDICAL, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and par values) August 25, 2024 May 26, 2024 (unaudited) 
 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses Accounts receivable, related party Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total Current Assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Total Assets LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK, AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation Other accrued liabilities Current portion of lease liabilities Deferred revenues Deferred revenues, related party Current portion of long-term debt, net, related party Total Current Liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion, net, related party Revolving credit facility Debt derivative liability, related party Long-term lease liabilities, less current portion Deferred taxes, net Deferred revenues, less current portion, related party Other non-current liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies, see Note 15 
 par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024, respectively 
 Shareholders Equity: Common Stock, par value; and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 
 ) Total Liabilities, Convertible Preferred Stock, and Shareholders Equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 -1- 

Table of Contents 

 LIFECORE BIOMEDICAL, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands, except share and per share values) 
 
 Three Months Ended August 25, 2024 August 27, 2023 Revenues Revenues, related party Total Revenues 
 Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating costs and expenses: Research and development Selling, general, and administrative Total operating costs and expenses Operating loss ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) Interest expense, related party 
 ) ) Change in fair value of debt derivative liability, related party Other expense, net 
 ) ) Net loss from continuing operations before taxes ) ) Provision for income tax benefit (expense) ) Net loss from continuing operations ) ) Discontinued operations: Income from discontinued operations Income tax benefit Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net loss ) ) Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share: Loss from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Total basic and diluted net loss per share Shares used in per share computation: Basic and Diluted 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 -2- 

Table of Contents 

 LIFECORE BIOMEDICAL, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Three Months Ended August 25, 2024 
 Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares 
 Amount 
 Balance at May 26, 2024 ) Issuance of stock under stock plans, net of shares withheld Convertible Preferred Stock paid-in-kind PIK dividend ) ) Accretion of Convertible Preferred Stock issuance costs ) ) Taxes paid by the Company for employee stock plans ) ) Stock-based compensation costs Net loss ) ) Balance at August 25, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Three Months Ended August 27, 2023 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 
 Shareholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 
 Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at May 28, 2023 ) ) Issuance of stock under stock plans, net of shares withheld Convertible Preferred Stock PIK dividend ) ) Accretion of Convertible Preferred Stock issuance costs ) ) Taxes paid by the Company for employee stock plans ) ) Stock-based compensation costs Net loss ) ) Balance at August 27, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 -3- 

Table of Contents 

 LIFECORE BIOMEDICAL, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands) 
 Three Months Ended August 25, 2024 August 27, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Deferred taxes ) Non-cash interest expense Non-cash interest expense, related party Change in debt derivative liability, related party ) ) Provision for expected credit losses ) Other, net Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Accounts receivable, related party ) Inventories ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation Other liabilities ) Deferred revenues ) ) Deferred revenues, related party ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of common stock under stock-based compensation plans Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from revolving credit facility, net Taxes paid by the Company for employee stock plans ) ) Principal payments on equipment financing, related party ) Principal payments on finance leases ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash ) ) Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Purchases of property, plant, and equipment in accounts payable Capitalized interest Convertible Preferred Stock PIK dividend 
 
 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 -4- 

Table of Contents 

 LIFECORE BIOMEDICAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) (In thousands, except share and per share values) 

1. 
 -5- 

Table of Contents 

 reportable segment: Lifecore. This is based on the objectives of the business and how our chief operating decision maker, the President and Chief Executive Officer, regularly reviews and manages the business, monitors operating performance and allocates resources. 
 During the three months ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023, the company had significant sales concentrations with certain customers. The Company also had accounts receivable concentrations at August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024. See Note 2 Revenue and Note 7 Accounts Receivable, for the quantification of these concentrations. 
 per share Common Stock were exercised or converted into Common Stock. The Company s diluted common equivalent shares consist of convertible preferred stock, stock options, restricted stock units RSUs ), and performance share units PSUs ). Dilution related to stock options, RSUs and PSUs is calculated using the treasury stock method, which includes the assumed repurchase of common shares from cash received upon stock option exercises, and unrecognized compensation expense. The potential dilutive effect of the Convertible Preferred Stock is calculated using the if-converted method assuming the conversion as of the earliest period reported or at the date of issuance, if later, but are excluded if their effect is anti-dilutive. 
 Refer to Note 10 Debt for additional discussion on the Company s debt agreement with Alcon. 
 -6- 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 
 Fermentation Total 
 The following table disaggregates revenues by the timing of revenue recognition: 
 Three Months Ended August 25, 2024 August 27, 2023 CDMO - Developmental Services revenue recognized over time Revenues recognized at a point in time Total 
 During the three months ended August 25, 2024, the Company had revenues concentrations of 10 or greater from two customers, accounting for and . During the three months ended August 27, 2023, the Company had revenues concentrations of 10 or greater from three customers, accounting for , , and . 

3. 
 
 ) Lease costs Other restructuring costs Total restructuring costs ) 
 The following table presents the movement of the restructuring costs liability from May 26, 2024 through August 25, 2024, excluding discontinued operations, within current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet: 
 May 26, 2024 Expense Payments August 25, 2024 Employee severance and benefit costs ) Lease costs Other restructuring costs ) ) 
 
 -7- 

Table of Contents 

 4.) ) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net loss ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares for basic and diluted net income (loss) per share Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share: Loss from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations Total basic and diluted net loss per share 
 
 Stock Options Restricted Stock Units Performance Share Units (1) 
 Total 
 
 (1) PSUs are not considered dilutive until performance targets are met. 
 
 See Note 13 Convertible Preferred Stock and Common Stock for more information on outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock and Note 12 Stock-based Compensation for more information on outstanding stock options, RSUs and PSUs. 

5. 
 as of August 25, 2024, which was estimated using discounted cash flow model using Level 3 inputs and assumptions. Imprecision in estimating unobservable market inputs can affect the amount of gain or loss recorded for a particular position. The use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 
 -8- 

Table of Contents 

 Total liabilities 
 (1) As of August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024, the fair value of the debt derivative liability is included on its own line in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The key inputs to the valuation models that were utilized to estimate the fair value of the debt derivative liability, related party, were (i) a weighted average probability related to the timing of a change in control over the remaining term of the debt; (ii) the estimated probability related to an event of default of the Alcon Supply Agreement, as amended, weighted as to 30 days from the reporting date and at the end of the term of the Term Loan agreement.; and (iii) a risk-adjusted discount rate. There was no change in the probability related to event of default of the Alcon Supply Agreement during the first fiscal quarter of 2025. 

Implied spread 
 
 Risk free rate 

Decrease in fair value (1) 
 ) ) Balance at end of period 

-9- 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 Related party receivables not yet billed Accounts receivable, related party Total contract assets Current Liabilities: Advances on customer-owned equipment Other accrued liabilities Non related parties deferred revenue Deferred revenues Related party deferred revenue Deferred revenues, related party Non-Current Liabilities: Related party deferred revenue Deferred revenues, less current portion, related party Non-current customer deposit Other non-current liabilities Total contract liabilities 
 
 Revenues recognized during the three months ended August 25, 2024 that were included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of fiscal year 2025, were . 

Description Balance Sheet Presentation August 27, 2023 May 28, 2023 Assets: Receivables not yet billed Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses Related party receivables not yet billed Accounts receivable, related party Total contract assets Current Liabilities: Non related parties deferred revenue Deferred revenues Related party deferred revenue Deferred revenues, related party Non-Current Liabilities: Related party deferred revenue Deferred revenues, less current portion, related party Total contract liabilities 
 
 Revenues recognized during the three months ended August 27, 2023, that were included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of fiscal year 2024, were . 

-10- 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Accounts receivable, less allowance for credit losses 
 
 Gross receivable by bill type are as follows: 
 August 25, 2024 May 26, 2024 Billed Unbilled Accounts receivable 
 
 Three of the Company s customers had accounts receivable concentrations of 10 or greater as of August 25, 2024, accounting for , and of accounts receivable. Two of the Company s customers had accounts receivable concentrations of 10 or greater as of May 26, 2024, accounting for and and . 
 
 Provision (Reduction) ) Charge-offs Ending Balance 

8. 
 
 Raw materials Work in process Gross inventories Less: Inventory reserve ) ) Inventories, net 
 Adjustments to inventory are determined at the raw materials, work-in-process, and finished good levels to reflect obsolescence or impaired balances. Factors influencing inventory obsolescence include changes in demand, product life cycle, product pricing, physical deterioration, and quality concerns. The Company recorded adjustments of and to record inventory to its net realizable value as of August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024, respectively. 
 The Company s inventory serves as part of the collateral for certain of the Company s debt arrangements. Refer to Note 10 Debt for additional discussion on the Company s debt arrangements and related collateral. 
 
 -11- 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 Buildings and building improvements Machinery and equipment Computer equipment and software Furniture and fixtures Construction in process Gross property, plant, and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net property, plant, and equipment 
 The major components of the construction in process are related to multi-head aseptic filler production lines, including the associated building modifications, to significantly increase manufacturing capacity. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for property, plant, and equipment for the three months ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023 was and , respectively. 
 Capitalized interest on construction projects was and for three months ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023, respectively. Interest is capitalized based on the average outstanding construction in process balance, excluding previously capitalized interest, using a interest rate. 
 dollars, are capitalized. The depreciation policy for property, plant, and equipment is as follows: 
 Depreciable Lives (in years) Land improvements Buildings and building improvements Machinery and equipment Transportation equipment Computer hardware and software Furniture, fixtures, and office equipment Tools, molds, and dies 
 
 -12- 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 Equipment financing, related party Total principal amount of long-term debt Less: unamortized debt discount ) ) Less: debt discount, related party 
 ) ) Total long-term debt, net of discounts Less: current portion of long-term debt, net, related party 
 ) ) Long-term debt, net Revolving credit facility 
 Fiscal year 2026 Fiscal year 2027 Fiscal year 2028 Fiscal year 2029 Fiscal year 2030 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Term Loan Credit Facility 
 On May 22, 2023, the Company and Alcon (the Borrowers entered into a Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the Term Loan Credit Facility ). The Term Loan Credit Facility refinanced in full all obligations of the Company and their subsidiaries under its prior term loan credit facility. Upon entry into the Term Loan Credit Facility, the prior term loan credit facility was terminated and all noncompliance with debt covenants were thereby cured. 
 The Term Loan Credit Facility provided for up to in term loans, excluding PIK interest added to the outstanding balance. The obligations under the Term Loan Credit Facility mature on May 22, 2029, and is secured by the same collateral that secures the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). 
 As of August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024, the Company s effective annual interest rate under the Term Loan Credit Facility was for both periods. The annual stated rate is . 
 Equipment Financing 
 On May 22, 2023, the Company entered into an equipment financing agreement with Alcon, totaling . The agreement calls for quarterly principal payments of , plus interest. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On May 22, 2023, the Borrowers and certain of the Company s other subsidiaries, as guarantors, entered into a Limited Waiver, Consent and Fifth Amendment to the credit agreement with BMO, as lender (the Revolving Credit Facility ). 
 As of August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024, the Company s effective annual interest rate under the Revolving Credit Facility was linked to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), and was for both periods. 
 
 -13- 

Table of Contents 

 available for borrowing under our Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Credit Facility was fully drawn. 

11. 
 square foot building in Chaska, MN, miles from its headquarters facility. Lifecore and the lessor made capital improvements prior to occupancy and thus the lease did not become effective until January 2016. Lifecore is currently using the building for warehousing and final packaging. The initial term of the lease was with renewal options. In December 2022, Lifecore exercised one of the options to renew the lease for an additional , which extended the lease to December 31, 2027. That lease amendment contained a buyout option at any time during the renewal period with the purchase price equal to the mortgage balance on the lessor s loan secured by the building. The finance lease obligation at May 26, 2024 assumed the buyout option would be exercised during fiscal year 2028, which was estimated to be . On August 9, 2024, Lifecore amended this lease, which will provide for in cash to the Company in exchange for a revised rent payment schedule and an updated purchase option. The cash payment is scheduled to occur in the second fiscal quarter of 2025. This amendment, when fully executed through the receipt of the cash consideration, will increase the future lease payments by and extend the term to September 30, 2034. During the second quarter when the is scheduled to be received, the additional future payments will be discounted at the Company s incremental borrowing rate, resulting in an increase to the present value of the finance lease obligation. 
 The only other finance lease that Lifecore has relates to a truck that was executed during fiscal year 2024. The truck lease runs for and had an initial capitalized amount of . 
 Operating Leases 
 Lifecore leases facilities and equipment under operating lease agreements with various terms and conditions, which expire at various dates through fiscal year 2033. Certain of these leases have renewal options. The only active operating real estate lease relates to a square foot building in Chanhassen, Minnesota, containing a warehouse and office space. The lease commenced on September 1, 2020 with an initial term of , plus an option to extend it for an additional . The extension period was included in the lease obligation at inception since it was reasonably certain to be exercised. Prior to occupancy, in improvements were made to the building, which was funded by the lessor. Lifecore is reimbursing the lessor for costs over months. The future lease payments under this lease, which extend through 2033, total as of August 25, 2024. 
 An operating lease for the Curation Foods former headquarters located in Santa Maria, California was terminated in December 2023. The property was vacated and surrendered to the lessor on February 29, 2024. 
 to months. The future lease payments under these leases, which extend through March 2027, totaled as of August 25, 2024. 
 
 -14- 

Table of Contents 

 12. 

Assumptions: Expected life (in years) Risk-free interest rate Volatility Dividend yield 
 Options granted Options exercised Options forfeited ) Options expired ) Options outstanding at August 25, 2024 Options exercisable at August 25, 2024 
 
 The intrinsic values presented in the table above were calculated as the excess, if any, of the market price or closing price of the Company s common stock over the exercise price of the options multiplied by the number of options exercised, outstanding or exercisable, as applicable. 
 
 RSUs are valued using the closing price of the Company s common stock on their grant date and expensed ratably over the requisite vesting period of one to . All vesting is subject to continued service. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) RSUs outstanding at August 25, 2024 

-15- 

Table of Contents 

 term and any unvested awards at the end of the term will be forfeited. PSUs subject to market conditions are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model and expensed on an accelerated attribution basis over the derived service period. If the stock price hurdles are not met, expense is not reversed as long as the requisite service period has been met. 
 Granted Vested Forfeited PSUs outstanding at August 25, 2024 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative Stock-based compensation expense Amount capitalized into property, plant, and equipment Total stock-based compensation costs 
 
 As of August 25, 2024, there was of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested equity compensation awards granted under the Lifecore incentive stock plans. This total expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

13. 
 shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Convertible Preferred Stock ), all of which are convertible into shares of Common Stock at the election of the holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock. The Convertible Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Common Stock with respect to dividends, distributions and payments on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution. The Company recorded the Convertible Preferred Stock proceeds of , as well as issuance costs of . The issuance costs are being reduced over the period ending June 29, 2026 as a charge to additional paid-in capital. 
 
 Dividends 
 The holders of Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to dividends on the liquidation preference at the rate of per annum, payable in-kind. The holders are also entitled to participate in dividends declared or paid on the Common Stock on an as-converted basis. As of August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024, the aggregate liquidation preference of the Convertible Preferred Stock was and , respectively. 
 
 Conversion 
 
 Each holder has the right, at its option, to convert its Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at an initial conversion price equal to per share. The conversion price is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, including in the event of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar events, and is also subject to adjustment in the event of subsequent offerings of Common Stock or convertible securities by the Company for less than the conversion price. 
 -16- 

Table of Contents 

 in cumulative monetary penalties and interest under the Registration Rights Agreement due to the delinquent filing of the Company s annual and quarterly reports with the SEC. The amounts expensed within non-operating other expense, net for monetary penalties during the three months ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023 were and , respectively. The Company also incurred in interest on the monetary penalties for the three months ended August 25, 2024, and for the prior year first quarter. The accrual for these liabilities was as of August 25, 2024, which is included in other accrued liabilities. 

14. 
 and an expense of , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three months ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023 was and ) , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three months ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023, was lower than the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 primarily due to the valuation allowance recorded against certain deferred tax assets, offset by the federal and state research and development tax credits. 

15. 
 
 . On February 29, 2024, Curation surrendered possession of the premises to the landlord. The unlawful detainer action has thus been converted to an ordinary civil action. Landlord has filed an amended complaint against both Curation and the Company seeking to recover all rent which will accrue through the expiration of the lease, less any sums landlord collects from a replacement tenant. No trial date has been set yet. 
 
 On January 12, 2024, a landlord for a different property leased by Curation delivered to the Company a pay or quit notice related to such property, seeking payment of past due rent of approximately or requesting Curation to vacate the property. The Company has accrued past due rents, but the ultimate exposure to loss will depend on future events and is not reasonably certain at this time. 
 -17- 

Table of Contents 

 million in damages, including delivery of shares of his stock held in escrow for the indemnification claims described above. On November 3, 2020, the Company filed an answer and cross-complaint against the Plaintiff and other former equity holders of Yucatan for fraud, indemnification, and other claims, and seeking no less than million in damages. In fiscal 2022, 2023 and 2024, the Company reached settlements with several of the cross-defendants, pursuant to which the settling cross-defendants agreed that certain of the shares of stock they received when the Company acquired Yucatan either be sold and the proceeds paid to the Company, or that those shares be released to the Company. As of October 1, 2024, the matter is still proceeding against the Plaintiff and the remaining cross-defendants. 
 
 On November 16, 2023, the Company and the DOJ executed a letter Declination Letter in which the DOJ has declined to prosecute the Company for violations of the FCPA involving the Company s formerly-held subsidiary, Yucatan Foods L.P. Yucatan ). Pursuant to the Declination Letter, in connection with the DOJ s declination to prosecute, in fiscal 2023 the Company agreed to pay disgorgement in the amount of , and to continue to fully cooperate with any ongoing government investigations and any prosecutions that might result in the future. The Company paid the disgorgement amount in full in fiscal 2024. 
 
 At this stage, the ultimate outcome of these or any other investigations, legal actions, or potential claims that may arise from the matters under investigation is uncertain and the Company cannot reasonably predict the timing or outcomes, or estimate the amount of net loss after indemnification, or its effect, if any, on its financial statements. Separately, there are indemnification provisions in the purchase agreement that may allow the Company to recover costs for breach of the purchase agreement from the seller. Because recovery of amounts is contingent upon a legal settlement, amounts have been recorded as recoverable costs through August 25, 2024. 

16. 
 
 on September 19, 2023, which was recognized as income from discontinued operations in the three months ended August 27, 2023. 

17. 
 
 shares of its common stock (the Shares for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately (the Offering ). The purchase price for each Share was . The Offering closed on October 3, 2024. 
 
 On August 28, 2024, the Company appointed Ryan D. Lake as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, effective September 3, 2024. Under Mr. Lake s employment agreement, his compensation and benefits include a PSU award for 
 -18- 

Table of Contents 

 shares and an RSU award of shares. The grant-date fair value of these PSUs was , of which , , and are projected to be recognized during FY2025, FY2026, and FY2027, respectively. The grant-date fair value of the RSUs was , which will be recognized over the vesting period. 
 -19- 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 (All dollar values are in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 26, 2024 (the 2024 Annual Report ). 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbor created under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other safe harbors under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Exchange Act. Words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, plan, intend, believe, may, might, will, should, can have, likely and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected. Potential risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, the timing and expenses associated with operations, the ability to achieve acceptance of new products in the marketplace, government regulations affecting our business, the timing of regulatory approvals, the impact of adverse and uncertain economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets, the mix between domestic and international sales, and those other risks mentioned in this report and the 2024 Annual Report. 
 We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, we caution that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Accordingly, our actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risk factors listed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report and in the 2024 Annual Report. 
 All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements as well as others made in this report, the 2024 Annual Report, and hereafter in our other SEC filings and public communications. 
 
 You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made by us in the context of all risks and uncertainties described with respect to our business. We caution you that the risks and uncertainties identified by us may not be all of the factors that are important to you. Furthermore, the forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

The Company 
 
 The Company is a fully integrated contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) that offers highly differentiated capabilities in the development, fill and finish of complex sterile injectable pharmaceutical products in syringes, vials, and cartridges under contract for product sponsors, along with producing premium, injectable grade sodium hyaluronate (HA) for use as an active pharmaceutical ingredient (API). Lifecore uses its experience in handling of viscous, complex products to be a technical leader in contract development services to create a manufacturable, scalable and compliant production process for many types of medicinal products. These services include activities such as formulation technology development, material component definition, analytical method development, filling optimization, packaging design, stability studies, process validation, clinical production and ultimately production of commercially approved products. The Company has more than 40 years of expertise as a partner for global and emerging biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies across multiple therapeutic categories to bring their innovations to market. 
 Built over many years of experience, Lifecore separates itself from its competition based on its five areas of expertise, including but not limited to Lifecore s ability to: 
 Establish strategic relationships with market leaders: 
 
 Lifecore continues to develop and manufacture products with partners who have strong marketing, sales, and distribution capabilities, reaching the patients they serve. Through its strong reputation and history of providing pharmaceutical grade HA and products, Lifecore has established long-term relationships with global and emerging biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies across multiple therapeutic categories and leverages those partnerships to attract new relationships in other medical markets. 
 -20- 

Table of Contents 

 Expand medical applications for HA : 
 Due to the growing knowledge of the unique characteristics of HA and Lifecore s unique strength and history as a trusted manufacturer of pharmaceutical injectable grade HA products, Lifecore continues to identify and pursue opportunities for the use of HA in other medical applications, such as wound care, aesthetic surgery, drug delivery, next generation orthopedics and device coatings, and through sales to academic and corporate research customers. Further applications may involve expanding process development activity and/or additional licensing of technology. 
 Utilize manufacturing infrastructure to meet customer demand: 
 
 Lifecore has made strategic capital investments in its CDMO business focusing on extending its formulation and filling capacity and capabilities to meet increasing partner demand and regulatory expectations and to attract new contract filling opportunities. 
 Maintain flexibility and speed in product development and supply relationships: 
 
 Lifecore s vertically integrated development and manufacturing capabilities and strong Quality systems allow it to quickly move a product from development to commercial production. Lifecore s role extends from supplying HA raw materials to providing technology transfer and development services to manufacture aseptically filled, finished sterile products, and assuming full supply chain responsibilities (from raw material management through packaging and serialization). 
 Deliver consistent quality: 
 
 Lifecore has built a world class quality and regulatory system that is demonstrated in its results, processes and customer relationships. With over 38 years of a superior track record with global regulatory bodies (FDA, EMA, ANVISA, etc.), Lifecore is the partner of choice for companies looking for proven experience in delivering QbD, cGMP compliance, and manufacturing excellence with pharmaceutical elegance and quality. Lifecore s world class quality and regulatory system and excellent track record with the global regulatory bodies ensure partners that they will safely bring innovative therapies to market. 
 
 We are focused on driving profitable growth with new product development along with clinical and commercial manufacturing of sterile injectable products. Lifecore seeks to expand its presence in the CDMO marketplace by partnering with biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to bring their unique therapies to market. Lifecore s goal of continuing success will be to execute on its three strategic priorities: 
 
 1) Managing Business Development Pipeline: Accelerate product development activities for virtual, small and large biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in various stages of the product lifecycle, spanning clinical development stage to commercialization, which aligns with the business overall product development strategy. 
 
 2) Maximizing Capacity: Meet customer demand by maximizing capacity in the syringe, vial and cartridge multi-purpose filler production line to significantly increase the number of products produced. 
 
 3) Advancing Product Commercialization: Continue to seek out opportunities to advance customers late-stage product development activities by supporting their clinical programs and commercial process scale-up activities. 
 Reportable Segments 
 The Company operates as one reportable segment. This is based on the objectives of the business and how our chief operating decision maker, the President and Chief Executive Officer, monitors operating performance and allocates resources. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 For a discussion of significant related party transactions, refer to Related Party Transactions within Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

-21- 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues and Gross Profit: 
 
 Lifecore generates revenues from two integrated activities: CDMO and HA manufacturing. Lifecore generates revenues from the development and manufacture of HA products and provides contract development and aseptic manufacturing services to customers. 
 
 Numerous factors can influence gross profit, including HA manufacturing product mix, customer mix, manufacturing costs, timing of production, volume, sales discounts, and charges for excess or obsolete inventory, among others. Many of these factors influence or are interrelated with other factors. The Company includes in cost of goods sold all of the following costs: raw materials (including packaging, syringes, fermentation and purification supplies), direct labor, overhead (including indirect labor, depreciation, and facility-related costs), and shipping and shipping-related costs. 
 
 Three Months Ended Change August 25, 2024 August 27, 2023 Amount Total Revenues 
 24,705 24,522 183 1 Gross Profit 5,387 2,728 2,659 97 Gross Profit Percentage 21.8 11.1 10.7 
 
 The increase in total revenues for the three months ended August 25, 2024, compared to the same period last year, was due to a 1.5 million increase in HA manufacturing revenues from our largest customer due to timing of shipments, partially offset by a 1.3 million decrease in CDMO revenues primarily as a result of one customer working down inventory levels built in the prior year period. 
 
 The increase in gross profit for the three months ended August 25, 2024, compared to the same period last year, was due primarily to a favorable sales mix between customers and price increases to our customers within CDMO revenues as evidenced by a favorable rate variance of 2.7 million detailed further below. 
 
 The 1,068 basis points bps improvement in the Gross Profit Percentage is due to a 3.6 million or 1,429 bps increase in CDMO revenue gross profit, of which 2.0 million or 887 bps increase results from a favorable sales mix and 1.6 million or 542 bps increase is due to price increases to our customers, both of which are in CDMO revenues and a 0.2 million or 68 bps increase resulting from the increase in HA manufacturing revenues partially offset by a 1.1 million or 429 bps decrease primarily due to writing down inventories to their net realizable value. 
 Operating Expenses: 
 Three Months Ended Change August 25, 2024 August 27, 2023 Amount Research and Development 2,186 2,146 40 2 Selling, general and administrative 14,785 9,196 5,589 61 Total Operating Expenses 16,971 11,342 5,629 50 
 
 Research and Development R D 
 
 R D expenses consist primarily of product development and commercialization initiatives. R D expenses are focused on new products and applications for HA-based and non-HA biomaterials. R D expenses for the three months ended August 25, 2024 was consistent with the prior period. 
 
 Selling, General, and Administrative SG A 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of salaries and related costs for administrative, public company and business development functions as well as legal fees, and consulting fees. Public company costs include compliance, audit, tax, insurance and investor relations. 
 
 -22- 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in total SG A expenses for the three months ended August 25, 2024, compared to the same period last year, was primarily due to increases in (i) professional fees of 4.7 million, consisting primarily of 2.4 million in audit fees and legal fees of 2.3 million; and (ii) non-cash stock-based compensation expense, primarily due to the impact of performance stock unit grants of 0.9 million. 
 
 Included within SG A for the three months ended August 25, 2024 were higher professional fees than we expect to incur on a normalized basis of approximately (a) 3.6 million of reorganization costs consisting primarily of (i) 1.6 million of audit fee overages related to the completion of the Company s FY 2024 quarterly and annual reporting as a result of switching auditors; (ii) 1.1 million of legal fees related to civil litigation involving the former owners (and sellers) of Yucatan Foods; and (iii) 0.8 million of consulting costs to support the Company s FY 2024 audit; and (b) 1.2 million of legal fees related to the stockholder activist settlement. 
 
 Included within SG A in the prior year three month period ended August 27, 2023 were approximately 2.8 million of costs that we do not expect to incur on a normalized basis consisting primarily of (i) 1.2 million of reorganization costs related to the sale of the food businesses; (ii) 0.8 million of costs related to the Company s strategic alternatives review that was completed in the 4th quarter of FY 2024; (iii) 0.4 million of audit fee overages primarily related to the Company s accounting for the sale of the food businesses in FY 2023; and (iv) 0.2 million of consulting costs to support the Company s FY 2023 audit. 
 
 Other Non-Operating Items : 
 Three Months Ended Change August 25, 2024 August 27, 2023 Amount Interest expense, net (5,368) (3,938) (1,430) 36 Change in fair value of debt derivative liability, related party 900 200 700 350 Other expense, net (203) (170) (33) 19 Provision for income tax benefit (expense) 25 (88) 113 (128) 
 
 Interest Expense, net 
 
 The increase in interest expense, net for the three months ended August 25, 2024, compared to the same period last year, was primarily a result of 997 increased interest expense related to Alcon term loan debt, primarily related to amortization of the debt discount. There was also a reduction in capitalized interest of 258 due to completed projects in the current year. 
 
 Change in fair value of debt derivative liability, related party 
 
 The change in fair value of debt derivative liability, related party for the three months ended August 25, 2024, compared to the same period last year, was primarily due to the change in the market credit spread. There were no changes in the probability factors related to the timing of a change in control and an event of default on the supply agreement with Alcon for the three months ended August 25, 2024. 
 
 Other Expense, net 
 
 Other Expense, net included 275 and 250 in monetary penalties related to the late registration statement filings as contained in the Registration Rights Agreement (excluding interest) for the three months ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023, respectively, and was the primary cause of the increase period over period. 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The income tax provision primarily consist of valuation allowances recorded against certain deferred tax assets, partially offset by the impact of federal and state research and development tax credits and the changes in provisions between the periods were not significant. 

-23- 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of August 25, 2024, the Company had cash of 5,520, a net decrease of 2,942, from the 8,462 balance as of May 26, 2024. The decrease in cash for the three months ended August 25, 2024 and August 27, 2023, were attributed to the following: 
 Three Months Ended August 25, 2024 August 27, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss (16,230) (10,754) Net loss reconciliation adjustments: Depreciation and amortization 1,993 2,168 Stock-based compensation 2,419 1,533 Non-cash interest expense 4,719 3,025 Change in debt derivative liability (900) (200) Changes in operating assets and liabilities 7,356 (1) (4,101) (2) Net cash used in operating activities (643) (8,329) Purchases of property, plant, and equipment (3,392) (5,054) Net cash used in investing activities (3,392) (5,054) Proceeds from exercise of stock options 724 Proceeds from Revolving Credit Facility, net 1,914 2,281 Principal payments on equipment financing (193) Taxes paid for employee common stock plans (589) (45) Other (39) (26) Net cash provided by financing activities 1,093 2,934 Net decrease in cash (2,942) (10,449) 
 (1) The primary reasons for this source of cash were a 6.0 million decrease in total accounts receivable and a 3.6 million increase in operating accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in inventories. 
 (2) The primary reason for this use of cash is a 4.2 million decrease in accounts payable. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The Company s material contractual obligations for the next five years mainly relate to its debt and lease obligations. 
 The Company s future capital requirements will depend on numerous factors, including the progress of its research and development programs; the continued development of marketing, sales and distribution capabilities; the ability of the Company to establish and maintain new licensing arrangements; the costs associated with employment-related claims; any decision to pursue acquisition opportunities; the timing and amount, if any, of payments received under licensing and research and development agreements; the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending, and enforcing intellectual property rights; the ability to comply with regulatory requirements; the emergence of competitive technology and market forces; the effectiveness of product commercialization activities and arrangements; and other factors. If the Company s currently available funds, together with the internally generated cash flow from operations are not sufficient to satisfy its capital needs, the Company would be required to seek additional funding through other arrangements with collaborative partners, sale of real estate or other assets, additional debt or bank borrowings and public or private sales of its securities. There can be no assurance that additional funds, if required, will be available to the Company on favorable terms, if at all. 
 The Company believes that its cash from operations, potential equity offerings, along with existing cash, availability under its Revolving Credit Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement executed on October 3, 2024 will be sufficient to finance its operational and capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
 -24- 

Table of Contents 

 Debt 
 As of August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024, the Company had 161,245 and 157,313 in borrowings outstanding under the Term Loan Credit Facility, at an effective annual interest rate of 22.5 for both periods. 
 As of August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024, the Company had 21,605 and 19,691, respectively, in borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, at an effective annual interest rate of 8.35 for both periods. 
 As of August 25, 2024 and May 26, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the Term Loan Credit Facility and Revolving Credit Facility and had approximately 4,500 available for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to the Company s critical accounting estimates from those disclosed in the Company s 2024 Annual Report. For a discussion of our critical accounting estimates, refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s 2024 Annual Report. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Item 305 of Regulation S-K is not required for Smaller Reporting Companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, we have evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon the evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of August 25, 2024, due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that were disclosed in the 2024 Annual Report. The Company is in the process of determining a plan for the remediation of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Plan for Remediation of the Material Weaknesses 
 Management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee, is committed to remediating the control deficiencies. The remediation efforts are intended to both address the identified material weaknesses and to enhance our overall control environment. 
 Steps taken by management to date include the following: 
 Engaged a third-party consultant to assist with remediation efforts, including enhancing our risk assessment, evaluating gaps in current processes and controls, and developing a remediation plan. 
 We have committed to adding a sufficient number of qualified personnel within our accounting and finance team with the appropriate qualified experience in financial reporting, consolidations, technical accounting, and application of U.S. GAAP. 
 In addition to the above efforts undertaken, the Company plans to initiate the following steps intended to remediate the material weaknesses described above and strengthen its internal control over financial reporting: 
 Performing an updated risk assessment responsive to changes in the business and establishing processes to update timely for future changes. 
 -25- 

Table of Contents 

 Implementing new and enhanced controls and procedures responsive to our risk assessment at an appropriate level of precision related to management review and the completeness of controls required to support the financial reporting framework. 
 Conducting broad-based training over the application of the 2013 COSO Framework for key process owners and control operators. 
 Implementing a Section 302 sub-certification program by business leadership and process owners to reinforce the Company s culture of compliance. 
 Evaluating accounting policies and procedures by performing a detailed review of the Company s policies against GAAP and SEC reporting checklists. 
 Establishing and implementing a SOX Steering Committee. 
 Implementing a process to identify and maintain the information required to support the functioning of internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Enhancing reviews of non-recurring transactions, including preparing technical accounting memos and consulting with subject matter experts, as needed. 
 Expanding the Internal Audit function to perform timely assessment of design and operating effectiveness of controls and evaluation of remediation of control deficiencies. 
 The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until management designs and implements effective controls that operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. As we continue to evaluate operating effectiveness and monitor improvements to our internal control over financial reporting, we may take additional measures to address control deficiencies or modify the remediation plan described above. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the remediation planning efforts described above, there have been no changes in our system of internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended August 25, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 -26- 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings and claims. For further discussion, see the disclosures contained in Note 1 Organization, Basis of Presentation, and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Legal Contingencies, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of the 2024 Annual Report, as our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described therein and herein. Some statements in this report, including statements in the risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. These risks are not the only risks that may affect us. Additional risks that we are not aware of or do not believe are material at the time of this filing may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. There have been no material changes to our risk factors as previously disclosed under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in the 2024 Annual Report. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the three months ended August 25, 2024, none of our directors and executive officers or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 -27- 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Title 3.1 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2024. 
 10.1 
 Cooperation Agreement, effective as of June 28, 2024, by and among Lifecore Biomedical, Inc., Jason Aryeh, Matthew Korenberg and certain 22NW Investors specified therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2024. 
 10.2 
 Cooperation Agreement, effective as of June 28, 2024, between Lifecore Biomedical, Inc. and certain Legion Investors specified therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2024. 
 10.3 
 Cooperation Agreement, effective as of June 28, 2024, between Lifecore Biomedical, Inc. and certain Wynnefield Investors specified therein, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2024. 
 10.4 
 Amendment to the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2024. 
 10.5 
 Employment Agreement effective September 3, 2024 by and between Lifecore Biomedical, Inc. and Ryan D. Lake, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2024. 
 31.1+ 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2+ 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS+ Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents 104+ Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. + Filed herewith. Information is furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 
 -28- 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 LIFECORE BIOMEDICAL, INC. By: /s/ Paul Josephs Paul Josephs President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Ryan D. Lake Ryan D. Lake Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date: October 4, 2024 
 
 -29- 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lfcr-20240825xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Paul Josephs, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lifecore Biomedical, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 4, 2024 
 s Paul Josephs Paul Josephs President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lfcr-20240825xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Ryan D. Lake, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lifecore Biomedical, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 4, 2024 s Ryan D. Lake Ryan D. Lake Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lfcr-20240825xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Lifecore Biomedical, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 25, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul Josephs, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 4, 2024 
 s Paul Josephs 
 Paul Josephs 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 lfcr-20240825xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Lifecore Biomedical, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended August 25, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ryan D. Lake, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 4, 2024 
 
 s Ryan D. Lake 
 Ryan D. Lake 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lfcr-20240825.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lfcr-20240825_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lfcr-20240825_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lfcr-20240825_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lfcr-20240825_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

