<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1488813_0001488813-24-000097.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28912610</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>258235</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2476210</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>16798660</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3947162</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4195905</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001488813-24-000097.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112165137
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001488813-24-000097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Customers Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001488813
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				272290659
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35542
		FILM NUMBER:		241449404

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 READING AVENUE
		CITY:			WEST READING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19611
		BUSINESS PHONE:		484-359-7113

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 READING AVENUE
		CITY:			WEST READING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Customers 1st Bancorp, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100408

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001488813-24-000097.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 cubi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cubi-20240930 
 
 Table of Content s 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 
 
 Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from to . 

(Commission File number) 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbols Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. x Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes No x 

________________________________________ 
 On November 7, 2024, shares of Voting Common Stock were outstanding. 

Table of Content s 

 CUSTOMERS BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Table of Contents Part I 
 Item 1. Customers Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Financial Statements as of September 30, 2024 and for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 51 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 83 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 84 
 PART II 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 85 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 85 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 85 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 86 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 86 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 86 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 87 
 SIGNATURES 
 88 

2 

Table of Content s 

 GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS 
 The following list of abbreviations and acronyms may be used throughout this Report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 2024 Share Repurchase Program 
 Share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors of Customers Bancorp in 2024 
 ACL Allowance for credit losses AFS Available for sale AOCI Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update B2B Business-to-business Bancorp Customers Bancorp, Inc. Bank Customers Bank BBB spread BBB rated corporate bond spreads to U.S. Treasury securities BM Technologies BM Technologies, Inc. BOLI Bank-owned life insurance CBIT TM 
 Customers Bank Instant Token CECL Current expected credit losses CODM 
 Chief operating decision maker 
 Commission U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Company Customers Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries COVID-19 Coronavirus Disease 2019 
 CPI Consumer Price Index CRA Community Reinvestment Act CUBI Symbol for Customers Bancorp, Inc. common stock traded on the NYSE Customers Customers Bancorp, Inc. and Customers Bank, collectively Customers Bancorp Customers Bancorp, Inc. DCF Discounted cash flow EPS Earnings per share EVE Economic value of equity Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934 FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FDIC Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Fed Funds Federal Reserve Board s Effective Federal Funds Rate 
 Federal Reserve, Federal Reserve Board Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FHLB Federal Home Loan Bank FICO Fair, Isaac and Company Fintech Third-Party Financial Technology FMV Fair Market Value FRB Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia GDP Gross domestic product Higher One Higher One Holdings, Inc. HTM Held to maturity LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LPO Limited Purpose Office MMDA Money market deposit accounts NIM Net interest margin, tax equivalent NM Not meaningful NPA Non-performing asset NPL Non-performing loan NYSE New York Stock Exchange OCI Other comprehensive income (loss) OREO Other real estate owned PCD Purchased Credit-Deteriorated PPP Paycheck Protection Program PUT Purchase Upon Termination 
 3 

Table of Content s 

 Rate Shocks Interest rates rising or falling immediately ROU Right-of-use SBA U.S. Small Business Administration SBA loans Loans originated pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SBA SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended Series E Preferred Stock Fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series E Series F Preferred Stock Fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series F SERP Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Share Repurchase Program Share repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors of Customers Bancorp in 2021 SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate TRAC Terminal Rental Adjustment Clause U.S. GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America VIE Variable interest entity 

4 

Table of Content s 

 CUSTOMERS BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET UNAUDITED 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest earning deposits Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities, at fair value (includes allowance for credit losses of and , respectively) 
 Investment securities held to maturity Loans held for sale (includes and , respectively, at fair value) 
 Loans and leases receivable Loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value 
 Allowance for credit losses on loans and leases ) ) Total loans and leases receivable, net of allowance for credit losses on loans and leases FHLB, Federal Reserve Bank, and other restricted stock Accrued interest receivable Bank premises and equipment, net Bank-owned life insurance Goodwill and other intangibles Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits: Demand, non-interest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits FHLB advances Other borrowings Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (NOTE 15) 
 per share; liquidation preference per share; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) Treasury stock, at cost and shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Content s 

 CUSTOMERS BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) UNAUDITED 
 (amounts in thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income: Loans and leases Investment securities Interest earning deposits Loans held for sale Other Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits FHLB advances FRB advances Subordinated debt Other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses 
 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
 Non-interest income: Commercial lease income Loan fees Bank-owned life insurance Mortgage finance transactional fees Net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases ) ) ) ) Loss on sale of capital call lines of credit ) Net gain (loss) on sale of investment securities ) ) ) Unrealized gain on equity method investments Other Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Technology, communication and bank operations Commercial lease depreciation Professional services Loan servicing Occupancy FDIC assessments, non-income taxes and regulatory fees Advertising and promotion Legal settlement expense Other Total non-interest expense Income before income tax expense (benefit) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income Preferred stock dividends Net income available to common shareholders Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Content s 

 CUSTOMERS BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) UNAUDITED 
 (amounts in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale debt securities: Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period Income tax effect ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments for (gains) losses included in net income ) ) Income tax effect ) Amortization of unrealized loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Income tax effect ) ) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale debt securities Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax effect Comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Content s 

 CUSTOMERS BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY UNAUDITED 
 (amounts in thousands, except shares outstanding data) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares of Preferred Stock Outstanding Preferred Stock Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Preferred stock dividends (1) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under share-based compensation arrangements Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares of Preferred Stock Outstanding Preferred Stock Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Preferred stock dividends (1) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under share-based compensation arrangements Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (1) and were declared on Series E and F preferred stock, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Dividends per share of and were declared on Series E and F preferred stock, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 8 

Table of Content s 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares of Preferred Stock Outstanding Preferred Stock Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Preferred stock dividends (1) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under share-based compensation arrangements ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares of Preferred Stock Outstanding Preferred Stock Shares of Common Stock Outstanding Common Stock Additional Paid in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Preferred stock dividends (1) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock under share-based compensation arrangements ) ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (1) and were declared on Series E and F preferred stock, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Dividends per share of and were declared on Series E and F preferred stock, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Content s 

 CUSTOMERS BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS UNAUDITED 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Deferred taxes ) Net amortization (accretion) of investment securities premiums and discounts ) ) Unrealized (gain) loss on investment securities ) Net (gain) loss on sale of investment securities Unrealized gain on equity method investments ) Impairment loss on fixed assets and leases Unrealized (gain) loss on derivatives ) ) Settlement of terminated fair value hedge derivatives (Gain) loss on sale of leased assets under lessor operating leases ) Fair value adjustment on loans held for sale Net (gain) loss on sale of loans and leases Loss on sale of capital call lines of credit Origination and purchases of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from the sales and repayments of loans held for sale Amortization (accretion) of loan net deferred fees, discounts and premiums ) ) Earnings on investment in bank-owned life insurance ) ) (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal repayments of investment securities available for sale Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal repayments of investment securities held to maturity Proceeds from sales of investment securities available for sale Purchases of investment securities available for sale ) Purchases of investment securities held to maturity ) ) Purchases of equity method investments ) Origination of mortgage finance loans ) ) Proceeds from repayments of mortgage finance loans Net (increase) decrease in loans and leases, excluding mortgage finance loans 
 ) Proceeds from sales of loans and leases Purchases of loans ) ) Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance Net (purchases of) proceeds from sale of FHLB, Federal Reserve Bank, and other restricted stock ) Purchases of bank premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Proceeds from sales of leased assets under lessor operating leases Purchases of leased assets under lessor operating leases ) ) Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities ) (continued) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Financing Activities Net increase (decrease) in deposits Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowed funds from FHLB ) Proceeds from long-term borrowed funds from FHLB and FRB Repayments of long-term borrowed funds from FHLB and FRB ) ) Repayments of other long-term borrowings ) Preferred stock dividends paid ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Payments of employee taxes withheld from share-based awards ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Financing Activities ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents Beginning Cash and Cash Equivalents Ending Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: Purchases of investment securities held to maturity upon sale of consumer installment loans Transfer of loans held for investment to held for sale Transfer of loans held for sale to held for investment 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Content s 

 CUSTOMERS BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1 
 branches and provides commercial banking products, primarily loans and deposits. In addition, the Bank also administratively supports loan and other financial products, including equipment finance leases, to customers through its limited-purpose offices. The Bank also serves specialized businesses nationwide, including its mortgage finance loans, commercial equipment financing, SBA lending, specialized lending and consumer loans through relationships with fintech companies. 
 The Bank is subject to regulation of the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities and the Federal Reserve Bank and is periodically examined by those regulatory authorities. 
 
 NOTE 2 
 
 11 

Table of Content s 

 12 

Table of Content s 

 13 

Table of Content s 

 NOTE 3 
 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding basic Share-based compensation plans Weighted-average number of common shares diluted Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 14 

Table of Content s 

 NOTE 4) ) Unrealized gains (losses) arising during period, before tax Income tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Reclassification adjustments for (gains) losses included in net income, before tax ) Income tax effect Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income 
 ) Amortization of unrealized loss on securities transferred from available for sale to held to maturity Income tax effect ) ) Amortization of unrealized loss on securities transferred from available for sale to held to maturity Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at September 30 
 ) ) 

Unrealized Gains (Losses) Available for Sale Securities (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 Balance at January 1 
 ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) arising during period, before tax Income tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Reclassification adjustments for (gains) losses included in net income, before tax ) Income tax effect ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income 
 ) Amortization of unrealized loss on securities transferred from available for sale to held to maturity Income tax effect ) ) Amortization of unrealized loss on securities transferred from available for sale to held to maturity Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at September 30 
 ) ) 
 
 (1) Reclassification amounts for AFS debt securities are reported as gain (loss) on sale of investment securities and amortization of unrealized losses on debt securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity is reported within interest income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 15 

Table of Content s 

 NOTE 5 
 ) ) Agency-guaranteed residential mortgage-backed securities Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations ) Agency-guaranteed commercial collateralized mortgage obligations ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate notes ) ) Private label collateralized mortgage obligations ) Available for sale debt securities ) ) Equity securities (2) 
 Total investment securities, at fair value 
 December 31, 2023 (1) 
 (amounts in thousands) Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Available for sale debt securities: Asset-backed securities ) ) Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Corporate notes ) ) Private label collateralized mortgage obligations ) Available for sale debt securities ) ) Equity securities (2) 
 Total investment securities, at fair value 
 (1) Accrued interest on AFS debt securities totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in accrued interest receivable on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 (2) Includes perpetual preferred stock issued by domestic banks and domestic bank holding companies and equity securities issued by fintech companies, without a readily determinable fair value, and CRA-qualified mutual fund shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. No impairments or measurement adjustments have been recorded on the equity securities without a readily determinable fair value since acquisition. 
 
 16 

Table of Content s 

 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Proceeds from the sale of AFS debt securities were million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross realized losses ) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) on sale of available for sale debt securities ) ) ) 
 These gains (losses) were determined using the specific identification method and were reported as net gain (loss) on sale of investment securities within non-interest income on the consolidated statements of income. 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Asset-backed securities Agency-guaranteed residential mortgage-backed securities Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations Agency-guaranteed commercial collateralized mortgage obligations Collateralized loan obligations Commercial mortgage-backed securities Private label collateralized mortgage obligations Total available for sale debt securities 
 ) ) Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Agency-guaranteed commercial collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) Corporate notes ) ) ) Private label collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 17 

Table of Content s 

 ) ) Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) Corporate notes ) ) ) Private label collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 At September 30, 2024, there were AFS debt securities with unrealized losses in the less-than-twelve-months category and AFS debt securities with unrealized losses in the twelve-months-or-more category. Except for asset-backed securities and corporate notes where there was a change in future estimated cash flows as further discussed below, the unrealized losses were principally due to changes in market interest rates and credit spreads that resulted in a negative impact on the respective securities fair value and expected to be recovered when market prices recover or at maturity. Customers does not intend to sell any of the securities, and it is not more likely than not that Customers will be required to sell any of the securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis. At December 31, 2023, there were AFS debt securities in an unrealized loss position. 
 Customers recorded an allowance for credit losses on asset-backed securities and corporate notes where there was a change in future estimated cash flows during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and on asset-backed securities and corporate notes during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. A discounted cash flow approach is used to determine the amount of the allowance. The cash flows expected to be collected, after considering expected prepayments, are discounted at the original effective interest rate. The amount of the allowance is limited to the difference between the amortized cost basis of the security and its estimated fair value. 
 Credit losses on securities for which credit losses were not previously recorded Credit losses on previously impaired securities Decrease in allowance for credit losses on previously impaired securities ) ) ) ) ) ) Reduction due to sales 
 ) ) Balance at September 30 
 
 18 

Table of Content s 

Credit losses on securities for which credit losses were not previously recorded Credit losses on previously impaired securities Decrease in allowance for credit losses on previously impaired securities ) ) ) ) ) Reduction due to sales 
 ) ) Balance at September 30 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no AFS investment securities holding of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government and its agencies, amounted to greater than 10 of shareholders equity. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers Bank had pledged AFS investment securities aggregating billion and billion in fair value, respectively, as collateral primarily for immediately available liquidity from the FRB. The counterparty does not have the ability to sell or repledge these securities. 
 Investment securities held to maturity 
 ) Agency-guaranteed residential mortgage-backed securities ) Agency-guaranteed commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations ) Agency-guaranteed commercial collateralized mortgage obligations ) Private label collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total held to maturity debt securities ) 
 19 

Table of Content s 

 ) Agency-guaranteed residential mortgage-backed securities ) Agency-guaranteed commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations ) Agency-guaranteed commercial collateralized mortgage obligations ) Private label collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total held to maturity debt securities ) 
 (1) Accrued interest on HTM debt securities totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in accrued interest receivable on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Customers sold consumer installment loans that were classified as held for sale with a carrying value of million, inclusive of million of personal installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs, to third party sponsored VIEs. As part of the sales, Customers recognized a loss on sale of million, inclusive of transaction costs, in net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases within non-interest income in the consolidated statement of income. Customers provided financing to the purchasers for a portion of the sale price in the form of million of asset-backed securities, presented in the table above, collateralized by the sold loans. Customers will act as the servicer for the sold consumer installment loans to the VIEs, and will receive servicing fees. Customers recognized servicing assets of million upon sale. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Customers sold consumer installment loans that were classified as held for sale with a carrying value of million, inclusive of million of other installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs, to third-party sponsored VIEs. As part of these sales, Customers recognized a loss on sale of million, inclusive of transaction costs, in net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases within non-interest income in the consolidated statement of income. Customers provided financing to the purchasers for a portion of the sale price in the form of million of asset-backed securities, presented in the tables above, collateralized by the sold loans. Customers acts as the servicer for the sold consumer installment loans to of the VIEs, and receives a servicing fee. Customers recognized a servicing asset of million upon sale. 
 At the time of the sale, and at each subsequent reporting period, Customers is required to evaluate its involvement with the VIEs to determine if it holds a variable interest in the VIEs and, if so, if Customers is the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. If Customers is both a variable interest holder and the primary beneficiary of the VIEs, it would be required to consolidate the VIEs. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers concluded that its investments in asset-backed securities as well as the servicing fees are considered variable interests in the VIEs as there is a possibility, even if remote, that would result in Customers interests in the asset-backed securities or the servicing fees absorbing some of the losses of the VIEs. 
 20 

Table of Content s 

 Agency-guaranteed residential mortgage-backed securities Agency-guaranteed commercial mortgage-backed securities Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations Agency-guaranteed commercial collateralized mortgage obligations Private label collateralized mortgage obligations Total held to maturity debt securities 
 Customers recorded allowance for credit losses on investment securities classified as held to maturity at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The U.S. government agency securities represent obligations issued by a U.S. government-sponsored enterprise or other federal government agency that are explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. federal government and therefore, assumed to have zero credit losses. The private label collateralized mortgage obligations that are highly rated with sufficient overcollateralization are estimated to have no expected credit losses. Customers recorded allowance for its investments in the asset-backed securities. Customers considered the seniority of its beneficial interests, which include overcollateralization of these asset-backed securities in the estimate of the ACL at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The unrealized losses on HTM debt securities with no ACL were primarily due to changes in market interest rates that resulted in a negative impact on the respective securities fair value and are expected to be recovered when market prices recover or at maturity. 
 Credit Quality Indicator 
 Customers monitors the credit quality of HTM debt securities primarily through credit ratings provided by rating agencies. Investment grade debt securities are rated BBB- or higher by S P Global Ratings, Baa3 or higher by Moody s Investors Service or equivalent ratings by other rating agencies, and are generally considered to be of low credit risk. Except for the asset-backed securities and a private label collateralized mortgage obligation, all of the HTM debt securities held by Customers were investment grade or U.S. government agency guaranteed securities that were not rated at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The asset-backed securities and a private label collateralized mortgage obligation are not rated by rating agencies. Customers monitors the credit quality of these asset-backed securities and a private label collateralized mortgage obligation by evaluating the performance of the sold consumer installment loans and other underlying loans against the overcollateralization available for these securities. 
 21 

Table of Content s 

 Agency-guaranteed residential mortgage-backed securities Agency-guaranteed commercial mortgage-backed securities Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations Agency-guaranteed commercial collateralized mortgage obligations Private label collateralized mortgage obligations Total held to maturity debt securities 
 Customers has elected to not estimate an ACL on accrued interest receivable on HTM debt securities, as it already has a policy in place to reverse or write-off accrued interest, through interest income, for debt securities in nonaccrual status in a timely manner. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no HTM debt securities past due under the terms of their agreements or in nonaccrual status. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers Bank had pledged HTM investment securities aggregating million and million in fair value, respectively, as collateral primarily for immediately available liquidity from the FRB and unused lines of credit with another financial institution. The counterparties do not have the ability to sell or repledge these securities. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 Personal installment loans, at lower of cost or fair value Other installment loans, at fair value 
 Total loans held for sale 
 
 Total loans held for sale included NPLs of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Customers sold million of personal and other installment loans that were classified as held for sale, inclusive of million of personal installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs, to third-party sponsored VIEs. Customers provided financing to the purchasers for a portion of the sales price in the form of million of asset-backed securities while million of the remaining sales proceeds were paid in cash. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Customers sold million of personal and other installment loans that were classified as held for sale, inclusive of million of other installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs, to third-party sponsored VIEs. Customers provided financing to the purchasers for a portion of the sales price in the form of million of asset backed securities while million of the remaining sales proceeds were paid in cash. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES for additional information. 
 22 

Table of Content s 

 NOTE 7 
 Other commercial and industrial (2) 
 Multifamily Commercial real estate owner occupied Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Construction Total commercial loans and leases receivable Consumer: Residential real estate Manufactured housing Installment: Personal Other Total consumer loans receivable Loans and leases receivable Loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value Allowance for credit losses on loans and leases ) ) Total loans and leases receivable, net of allowance for credit losses on loans and leases (3) 
 
 (1) Includes direct finance and sales-type equipment leases of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Includes PPP loans of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Includes deferred (fees) costs and unamortized (discounts) premiums, net of ) million and ) million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Customers total loans and leases receivable includes loans receivable reported at fair value based on an election made to account for these loans at fair value, and loans and leases receivable predominately reported at their outstanding unpaid principal balance, net of charge-offs, deferred costs and fees, unamortized premiums and discounts, and evaluated for impairment. The total amount of accrued interest recorded for total loans was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is presented in accrued interest receivable in the consolidated balance sheet. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were million and million of individually evaluated loans that were collateral-dependent, respectively. Substantially all individually evaluated loans were collateral-dependent and consisted primarily of commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, and residential real estate loans. Collateral-dependent commercial and industrial loans were secured by accounts receivable, inventory and equipment; collateral-dependent commercial real estate loans were secured by commercial real estate assets; and residential real estate loans were secured by residential real estate assets. 
 23 

Table of Content s 

 Multifamily Commercial real estate owner occupied Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Construction Residential real estate Manufactured housing Installment Total 
 December 31, 2023 (amounts in thousands) 30-59 Days past due (1) 
 60-89 Days past due (1) 
 90 Days or more past due (2) 
 Total past due Loans and leases not past due (3)(4) 
 Total loans and leases (4) 
 Commercial and industrial, including specialized lending 
 Multifamily Commercial real estate owner occupied Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Construction Residential real estate Manufactured housing Installment Total 
 (1) Includes past due loans and leases that are accruing interest because collection is considered probable. 
 (2) Includes loans amounting to million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, that are still accruing interest because collection is considered probable. 
 (3) Loans and leases where next payment due is less than 30 days from the report date. The tables exclude PPP loans of million, of which million were 30-59 days past due and million were 60 days or more past due as of September 30, 2024, and PPP loans of million, of which million were 30-59 days past due and million were 60 days or more past due as of December 31, 2023. Claims for guarantee payments are submitted to the SBA for eligible PPP loans that are more than 60 days past due. 
 (4) Includes PCD loans of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 24 

Table of Content s 

 Multifamily Commercial real estate owner occupied Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Residential real estate Manufactured housing Installment Total 
 Interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans was insignificant for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Accrued interest reversed when the loans went to nonaccrual status was insignificant for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value 
 Mortgage finance loans consist of commercial loans to mortgage companies. These mortgage finance lending transactions are subject to master repurchase agreements. As a result of the contractual provisions, for accounting purposes, control of the underlying mortgage loan has not transferred and the rewards and risks of the mortgage loans are not assumed by Customers. The mortgage finance loans are designated as loans held for investment and reported at fair value based on an election made to account for the loans at fair value. Pursuant to the agreements, Customers funds the pipelines for these mortgage lenders by sending payments directly to the closing agents for funded mortgage loans and receives proceeds directly from third party investors when the underlying mortgage loans are sold into the secondary market. The fair value of the mortgage finance loans is estimated as the amount of cash initially advanced to fund the mortgage, plus accrued interest and fees, as specified in the respective agreements. The interest rates on these loans are variable, and the lending transactions are short-term, with an average life under days from purchase to sale. The primary goal of these lending transactions is to provide liquidity to mortgage companies. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, all of Customers mortgage finance loans were current in terms of payment. As these loans are reported at their fair value, they do not have an ACL and are therefore excluded from ACL-related disclosures. 
 25 

Table of Content s 

 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) for credit losses on loans and leases ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance, September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Ending Balance, December 31, 2023 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) for credit losses on loans and leases ) ) Ending Balance, September 30, 2024 
 (amounts in thousands) Commercial and industrial (1)(2) 
 Multifamily Commercial real estate owner occupied Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Construction Residential real estate Manufactured housing Installment Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Ending Balance, 
 June 30, 2023 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) for credit losses on loans and leases ) ) ) Ending Balance, September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Ending Balance, December 31, 2022 Allowance for credit losses on FDIC PCD loans, net of charge-offs (3) 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (benefit) for credit losses on loans and leases ) Ending Balance, September 30, 2023 
 (1) Includes specialized lending. 
 (2) PPP loans include an embedded credit enhancement from the SBA, which guarantees 100 of the principal and interest owed by the borrower provided that the SBA s eligibility criteria are met. As a result, the eligible PPP loans do not have an ACL. 
 (3) Represents million of allowance for credit losses on PCD loans recognized upon acquisition of a venture banking loan portfolio (included within specialized lending) from the FDIC on June 15, 2023, net of million of charge-offs for certain of these PCD loans upon acquisition. 
 26 

Table of Content s 

 million, a decrease of million from the December 31, 2023 balance of million. The decrease in ACL for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to slight improvements in macroeconomic forecasts and a decrease in consumer installment loan balances held for investment. 
 Loan Modifications for Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty 
 A borrower is considered to be experiencing financial difficulty when there is a significant doubt about the borrower s ability to make the required principal and interest payments on the loan or to get an equivalent financing from another creditor at a market rate for a similar loan. 
 When borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty, Customers may make certain loan modifications as part of loss mitigation strategies to maximize expected payment. To be classified as a modification made to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty, the modification must be in the form of an interest rate reduction, principal forgiveness, or an other-than-insignificant payment delay (payment deferral), term extension, or combinations thereof. 
 Customers will generally try other forms of relief before principal forgiveness. Any contractual reduction in the amount of principal due without receiving payment or assets is considered forgiveness. For the purpose of this disclosure, Customers considers any contractual change in interest rate that results in a reduction in interest rate relative to the current stated interest rate as an interest rate reduction. Generally, Customers considers any delay in payment of greater than 90 days in the last 12 months to be significant. Term extensions extend the original contractual maturity of the loan. For the purpose of this disclosure, modification of contingent payment features or covenants that would have accelerated payment are not considered term extensions. 
 Manufactured housing Personal installment Total 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Term Extension Payment Deferral Debt Forgiveness Interest Rate Reduction and Term Extension Total Percentage of Total by Financing Class Manufactured housing Personal installment Total 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands) Interest Rate Reduction Term Extension Payment Deferral Debt Forgiveness Interest Rate Reduction and Term Extension Total Percentage of Total by Financing Class Commercial and industrial, including specialized lending 
 Multifamily Residential real estate Manufactured housing Personal installment Total 
 27 

Table of Content s 

 Manufactured housing Personal installment Total 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were commitments to lend additional funds to debtors experiencing financial difficulty whose loans have been modified during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Manufactured housing Personal installment 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Weighted Average Weighted Average (dollars in thousands) Interest Rate Reduction ) Term Extension (in months) Payment Deferral (in months) Debt Forgiven Interest Rate Reduction ) Term Extension (in months) Payment Deferral (in months) Debt Forgiven Commercial and industrial, including specialized lending Multifamily Commercial real estate owner occupied Residential real estate Manufactured housing Personal installment 
 The performance of loans made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in which modifications were made is closely monitored to understand the effectiveness of modification efforts. Loans are considered to be in payment default at 90 days or more past due. The following table presents an aging analysis of loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and the nine months ended ended September 30, 2023. 
 28 

Table of Content s 

 Multifamily Residential real estate Manufactured housing Personal installment Total 
 September 30, 2023 (1) 
 (dollars in thousands) 30-59 Days past due 60-89 Days past due 90 Days or more past due Current Total Commercial real estate owner occupied Manufactured housing Personal installment Total 
 (1) Customers adopted ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures ASU 2022-02 effective January 1, 2023, therefore, the September 30, 2023 balances only include loans since ASU 2022-02 became effective. 
 The loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were modified during the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 that subsequently defaulted were not material. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the loans that were made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that subsequently defaulted were not material. Customers ACL is influenced by loan level characteristics that inform the assessed propensity to default. As such, the provision for credit losses is impacted by changes in such loan level characteristics, such as payment performance. Loans made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty can be classified as either accrual or nonaccrual. 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 The ACL represents management s estimate of expected losses in Customers loans and leases receivable portfolio, excluding mortgage finance loans reported at fair value pursuant to a fair value option election and PPP loans receivable. Commercial and industrial including specialized lending, multifamily, owner occupied commercial real estate, non-owner occupied commercial real estate, and construction loans are rated based on an internally assigned risk rating system which is assigned at the time of loan origination and reviewed on a periodic, or on an as needed basis. Residential real estate, manufactured housing and installment loans are evaluated based on the payment activity of the loan. 
 To facilitate the monitoring of credit quality within the commercial and industrial including specialized lending, multifamily, owner occupied commercial real estate, non-owner occupied commercial real estate, and construction loan portfolios, and as an input in the ACL lifetime loss rate model for the commercial and industrial loan portfolio, the Bank utilizes the following categories of risk ratings: pass/satisfactory (includes risk rating 1 through 6), special mention, substandard, doubtful, and loss. The risk rating categories, which are derived from standard regulatory rating definitions, are assigned upon initial approval of credit to borrowers and updated periodically thereafter. Pass ratings, which are assigned to those borrowers who do not have identified potential or well-defined weaknesses and for whom there is a high likelihood of orderly repayment, are updated periodically based on the size and credit characteristics of the borrower. All other categories are updated on a quarterly basis during the month preceding the end of the calendar quarter. While assigning risk ratings involves judgment, the risk-rating process allows management to identify riskier credits in a timely manner and allocate the appropriate resources to manage those loans and leases. The 2023 Form 10-K describes Customers Bancorp s risk rating grades. 
 Risk ratings are not established for certain consumer loans, including residential real estate, home equity, manufactured housing, and installment loans, mainly because these portfolios consist of a larger number of homogeneous loans with smaller balances. Instead, these portfolios are evaluated for risk mainly based upon aggregate payment history through the monitoring of delinquency levels and trends and are classified as performing and non-performing. PPP loans of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are excluded in the tables below as these loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA, provided that the eligibility criteria are met. 
 29 

Table of Content s 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial and industrial loans and leases Commercial and industrial loans and leases charge-offs: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (1) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (1) 
 Multifamily loans: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total multifamily loans Multifamily loans charge-offs: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial real estate owner occupied loans: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial real estate owner occupied loans Commercial real estate owner occupied loans charge-offs: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied loans: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied loans Commercial real estate non-owner occupied loans charge-offs: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Construction loans: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total construction loans 
 
 30 

Table of Content s 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Total commercial loans and leases receivable Total commercial loans and leases receivable charge-offs: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Residential real estate loans: Performing Non-performing Total residential real estate loans Residential real estate loans charge-offs: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Manufactured housing loans: Performing Non-performing Total manufactured housing loans Manufactured housing loans charge-offs: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Installment loans: Performing Non-performing Total installment loans Installment loans charge-offs: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Total consumer loans Total consumer loans charge-offs: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Loans and leases receivable Loans and leases receivable charge-offs: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 (1) Charge-offs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 included million and million, respectively, of commercial and industrial loans originated under the PPP that were subsequently determined to be ineligible for SBA forgiveness and guarantee and were ultimately deemed uncollectible. 
 
 31 

Table of Content s 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial and industrial loans and leases Commercial and industrial loans and leases charge-offs: For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 (1)(2) 
 Multifamily loans: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total multifamily loans Multifamily loans charge-offs: For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Commercial real estate owner occupied loans: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial real estate owner occupied loans Commercial real estate owner occupied loans charge-offs: For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied loans: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial real estate non-owner occupied loans Commercial real estate non-owner occupied loans charge-offs: For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Construction loans: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total construction loans Construction loans charge-offs: For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Total commercial loans and leases receivable 
 32 

Table of Content s 

 Residential real estate loans: Performing Non-performing Total residential real estate loans Residential real estate loans charge-offs: For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Manufactured housing loans: Performing Non-performing Total manufactured housing loans Manufactured housing loans charge-offs: For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Installment loans: Performing Non-performing Total installment loans Installment loans charge-offs: For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 Total consumer loans Total consumer loans charge-offs: For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 Loans and leases receivable Loans and leases receivable charge-offs: For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 (1) Excludes million of charge-offs for certain PCD loans against million of allowance for credit losses on PCD loans recognized upon acquisition of a venture banking loan portfolio (included within specialized lending) from the FDIC on June 15, 2023. These PCD loans were originated in years 2016 to 2022. 
 million of commercial and industrial loans originated under the PPP that were subsequently determined to be ineligible for SBA forgiveness and guarantee and were ultimately deemed uncollectible. 
 33 

Table of Content s 

 Other commercial and industrial Commercial real estate owner occupied Residential real estate Personal installment (2) 
 Other installment (2) 
 Total Sales (3) 
 Specialized lending (4) 
 Other commercial and industrial (5) 
 Commercial real estate owner occupied (5) 
 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Personal installment 
 Other installment Total 
 (1) Amounts reported in the above table are the unpaid principal balance at time of purchase. The purchase price was and of the loans unpaid principal balance for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The purchase price was and of the loans unpaid principal balance for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Installment loan purchases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 consist of third-party originated unsecured consumer loans. None of the loans held for investment are considered sub-prime at the time of origination. Customers considers sub-prime borrowers to be those with FICO scores below 660. 
 (3) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, sales of loans held for investment resulted in gain or loss and net losses of million, respectively, included in net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases in the consolidated statements of income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, sales of loans held for investment resulted in net losses of million and net gains of million, respectively. 
 (4) Includes a loss of million from the sale of million of short-term syndicated capital call lines of credit million of loans held for investment in unpaid principal balance and million of unfunded loan commitments) included in the consolidated statement of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (5) Primarily sales of SBA loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Loans Pledged as Collateral 
 Customers has pledged eligible commercial and residential real estate, multifamily, commercial and industrial, PPP and consumer installment loans as collateral for borrowings outstanding or available immediately from the FHLB and FRB in the amount of billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 8 
 and . These operating leases comprise substantially all of Customers obligations in which Customers is the lessee. These lease agreements typically consist of initial lease terms ranging between one and , with options to renew the leases or extend the term up to at Customers sole discretion. Some operating leases include variable lease payments that are based on an index or rate, such as the CPI. Variable lease payments are not included in the liability or ROU asset and are recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments are incurred. Customers operating lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Pursuant to these agreements, Customers does not have any commitments that would meet the definition of a finance lease. 
 As most of Customers operating leases do not provide an implicit rate, Customers utilized its incremental borrowing rate when determining the present value of lease payments. 
 34 

Table of Content s 

 LIABILITIES Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities 
 
 (1) There were variable lease costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and sublease income for operating leases was immaterial. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum payments Less: interest 
 Present value of lease liabilities 
 Customers does not have leases where it is involved with the construction or design of an underlying asset. Cash paid pursuant to the operating lease liabilities was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Cash paid pursuant to the operating lease liabilities was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These payments were reported as cash flows used in operating activities in the statement of cash flows. 
 years years 
 Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 
 Equipment Lessor 
 Customers commercial equipment financing group goes to market through the following origination platforms: vendors, intermediaries, direct and capital markets. The commercial equipment financing group is primarily focused on serving the following industries: transportation, construction (includes crane and utility), marine, franchise, general manufacturing (includes machine tool), helicopter/fixed wing, solar, packaging, plastics and food processing. Lease terms typically range from months to months. The commercial equipment financing group offers the following products: Loans, Capital Lease, PUT, TRAC, Split-TRAC, and FMV. Customers commercial equipment financing group leases equipments under direct finance, sales-type or operating leases. 
 35 

Table of Content s 

 million within net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases and the corresponding investment tax credits within income tax expense (benefit) in the statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Customers recognized interest income from its sales-type and direct financing leases of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Customers recognized interest income from its sales-type and direct financing leases of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Leased assets under operating leases are reported at amortized cost net of accumulated depreciation and any impairment charges, and are presented in other assets. The depreciation expense of the leased assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term of the leases up to the expected residual value. The expected residual value and, accordingly, the monthly depreciation expense, may change throughout the term of the lease. Operating lease rental income for leased assets is recognized in commercial lease income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Customers periodically reviews its operating leased assets for impairment. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the operating leased asset exceeds its fair value and is not recoverable. The carrying amount of operating leased assets is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the lease payments and the estimated residual value upon the eventual disposition of the equipment. 
 Guaranteed residual assets Loans and leases receivable Unguaranteed residual assets Loans and leases receivable Deferred initial direct costs Loans and leases receivable Unearned income Loans and leases receivable ) ) Net investment in direct financing and sales-type leases 
 Operating leases Investment in operating leases Other assets Accumulated depreciation Other assets ) ) Deferred initial direct costs Other assets Net investment in operating leases Total lease assets 
 36 

Table of Content s 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum payments Less: interest Present value of lease receivables 
 
 NOTE 9 
 Demand, interest bearing Savings, including money market deposit accounts Time Total deposits 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total time deposits 
 Time deposits greater than the FDIC limit of 250,000 totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Demand deposit overdrafts reclassified as loans were million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank had billion and billion in deposits, respectively, to which it had pledged billion and billion of available borrowing capacity through the FHLB to the depositors through a standby letter of credit arrangement, respectively. 
 37 

Table of Content s 

 NOTE 10 - 
 short-term debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Average balance during the period Weighted-average interest rate during the period FHLB advances Maximum outstanding at any month end Average balance during the period Weighted-average interest rate during the period Federal funds purchased Maximum outstanding at any month end Average balance during the period Weighted-average interest rate during the period 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers Bank had aggregate availability under federal funds lines totaling billion. 
 Long-term debt 
 FHLB and FRB advances 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 Total long-term FHLB and FRB advances 
 (1) Amounts reported in the above table include fixed rate long-term advances from FHLB of million with maturities ranging from March 2025 to March 2028, and variable rate long-term advances from FHLB of million with maturities ranging from March 2028 to June 2029 with a returnable option that can be repaid without penalty on certain predetermined dates at Customers Bank's option, at September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Includes million and million of unamortized basis adjustments from interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of long-term advances from FHLB at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Refer to NOTE 14 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES for additional information. 
 (3) Excludes the effect of interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of long-term advances from FHLB. 
 38 

Table of Content s 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total long-term FHLB advances 
 (1) Amounts reported in the above table include variable rate long-term advances from FHLB of million with maturities ranging from March 2028 to June 2029 with a returnable option that can be repaid without penalty on certain predetermined dates at Customers Bank's option. 
 The maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB and FRB at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was as follows: (amounts in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB Total maximum borrowing capacity with the FRB 
 Qualifying loans and securities serving as collateral against FHLB and FRB advances 
 
 Senior and Subordinated Debt 
 Long-term senior notes and subordinated debt at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 (dollars in thousands) Carrying Amount Issued by Ranking September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Rate Issued Amount Date Issued Maturity Price Customers Bancorp Senior (1) 
 August 2021 August 2031 Customers Bancorp Senior September 2019 September 2024 Total other borrowings Customers Bancorp Subordinated (2)(3) 
 December 2019 December 2034 Customers Bank Subordinated (2)(4) 
 June 2014 June 2029 Total subordinated debt 
 (1) The senior notes will bear an annual fixed rate of until August 15, 2026. From August 15, 2026 until maturity, the notes will bear an annual interest rate equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be the three-month term SOFR , plus basis points. Customers Bancorp has the ability to call the senior notes, in whole, or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal balance at certain times on or after August 15, 2026. 
 (2) The subordinated notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. 
 (3) Customers Bancorp has the ability to call the subordinated notes, in whole, or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal balance at certain times on or after December 30, 2029. 
 until June 26, 2024. From June 26, 2024 until maturity, the notes bear an annual interest rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus basis points. Pursuant to the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act enacted by Congress on March 15, 2022, Customers substituted three-month term SOFR plus a tenor spread adjustment of 26.161 basis points for three-month LIBOR as the benchmark reference rate in order to calculate the annual interest rate after June 26, 2024. Customers Bank has the ability to call the subordinated notes, in whole, or in part, at a redemption price equal to of the principal balance at certain times on or after June 26, 2024 . 
 39 

Table of Content s 

 NOTE 11 
 shares of the Company s common stock. The term of the 2024 Share Repurchase Program will extend for from June 26, 2024, unless earlier terminated. Purchases of shares under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program may be executed through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, through the use of Rule 10b5-1 plans, or otherwise. The exact number of shares, timing for such purchases, and the price and terms at and on which such purchases are to be made will be at the discretion of the Company and will comply with all applicable regulatory limitations. 
 The Company s previously authorized common stock repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program ), authorized on August 25, 2021, subsequently expired on September 27, 2023. At expiration, the Share Repurchase Program had shares that had not been repurchased. 
 Customers Bancorp purchased shares of its common stock for million under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Customers Bancorp purchased shares and shares of its common stock for million under the previously authorized Share Repurchase Program during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Preferred Stock 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers Bancorp has series of preferred stock outstanding. June 15, 2021 Series F September 16, 2016 December 15, 2021 Totals 
 and , respectively, beginning with dividends declared on October 25, 2023. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 million will be phased in at 25 per year beginning on January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, our regulatory capital ratios reflected 25 , or million, benefit associated with the CECL transition provisions. 
 40 

Table of Content s 

 N/A N/A Customers Bank Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. N/A N/A Customers Bank Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. N/A N/A Customers Bank Tier 1 capital (to average assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. N/A N/A Customers Bank As of December 31, 2023: Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. N/A N/A Customers Bank Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. N/A N/A Customers Bank Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. N/A N/A Customers Bank Tier 1 capital (to average assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. N/A N/A Customers Bank 
 The Basel III Capital Rules require that we maintain a capital conservation buffer with respect to each of common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital to risk-weighted assets, which provides for capital levels that exceed the minimum risk-based capital adequacy requirements. A financial institution with a conservation buffer of less than the required amount is subject to limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and stock repurchases, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. 
 
 NOTE 13 
 41 

Table of Content s 

 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of Customers financial instruments as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 Investment securities: 
 The fair values of equity securities with a readily determinable fair value, AFS debt securities and debt securities reported at fair value based on a fair value option election are determined by obtaining quoted market prices on nationally recognized and foreign securities exchanges (Level 1), quoted prices in markets that are not active (Level 2), matrix pricing (Level 2), which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted market prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted prices, or internally and externally developed models that use unobservable inputs due to limited or no market activity of the instrument (Level 3). 
 When quoted market prices are not available, Customers employs an independent pricing service that utilizes matrix pricing to calculate fair value. Such fair value measurements consider observable data such as dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, yield curves, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayments speeds, credit information, and respective terms and conditions for debt instruments. Management maintains procedures to monitor the pricing service s results and has an established process to challenge their valuations, or methodologies, that appear unusual or unexpected. 
 Customers also utilizes internally and externally developed models that use unobservable inputs due to limited or no market activity of the instrument. These models use unobservable inputs that are inherently judgmental and reflect our best estimates of the assumptions a market participant would use to calculate fair value. Certain unobservable inputs in isolation may have either a directionally consistent or opposite impact on the fair value of the instrument for a given change in that input. When multiple inputs are used within the valuation techniques, a change in one input in a certain direction may be offset by an opposite change from another input. These assets are classified as Level 1, 2 or 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. 
 42 

Table of Content s 

 days prior to sale. These assets are classified as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. 
 Loans receivable - Mortgage finance loans (fair value option): 
 The fair value of mortgage finance loans is the amount of cash initially advanced to fund the mortgage, plus accrued interest and fees, as specified in the respective agreements. The loan is used by mortgage companies as short-term bridge financing between the funding of the mortgage loans and the finalization of the sale of the loans to an investor. Changes in fair value are not generally expected to be recognized because at inception of the transaction the underlying mortgage loans have already been sold to an approved investor. Additionally, the interest rate is variable, and the transaction is short-term, with an average life of under days from purchase to sale. These assets are classified as Level 2 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. 
 Derivatives (assets and liabilities): 
 The fair values of interest rate swaps, interest rate caps and credit derivatives are determined using models that incorporate readily observable market data into a market standard methodology. This methodology nets the discounted future cash receipts and the discounted expected cash payments. The discounted variable cash receipts and payments are based on expectations of future interest rates derived from observable market interest rate curves. In addition, fair value is adjusted for the effect of nonperformance risk by incorporating credit valuation adjustments for Customers and its counterparties. These assets and liabilities are classified as Level 2 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. 
 Derivative assets and liabilities are presented in other assets and accrued interest payable and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Financial Instruments Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Collateral-dependent loans: 
 Collateral-dependent loans are those loans that are accounted for under ASC 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ASC 326 ), in which the Bank has measured impairment generally based on the fair value of the loan s collateral or DCF analysis. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties that collateralize the loans, DCF based upon the expected proceeds, sales agreements or letters of intent with third parties. These assets are generally classified as Level 3 fair values, based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. 
 The following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of Customers fair value in its entirety because fair value calculations are only provided for a limited portion of Customers assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making these estimates, comparisons between Customers disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful. 
 43 

Table of Content s 

 Debt securities, available for sale Debt securities, held to maturity Loans held for sale Total loans and leases receivable, net of allowance for credit losses on loans and leases FHLB, Federal Reserve Bank, and other restricted stock Derivatives Liabilities: Deposits FHLB advances Other borrowings Subordinated debt Derivatives 
 
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2023 (amounts in thousands) Carrying Amount Estimated Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Debt securities, available for sale Debt securities, held to maturity Loans held for sale Total loans and leases receivable, net of allowance for credit losses on loans and leases FHLB, Federal Reserve Bank, and other restricted stock Derivatives Liabilities: Deposits FHLB advances Other borrowings Subordinated debt Derivatives 
 
 44 

Table of Content s 

 Agency-guaranteed residential mortgage-backed securities Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations Agency-guaranteed commercial collateralized mortgage obligations Collateralized loan obligations Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate notes Private label collateralized mortgage obligations Derivatives Loans held for sale fair value option Loans receivable, mortgage finance fair value option Total assets recurring fair value measurements Liabilities Derivatives Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis: Assets Collateral-dependent loans Total assets nonrecurring fair value measurements 
 45 

Table of Content s 

 Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations Collateralized loan obligations Commercial mortgage-backed securities Corporate notes Private label collateralized mortgage obligations Derivatives Loans held for sale fair value option Loans receivable, mortgage finance fair value option Total assets recurring fair value measurements Liabilities Derivatives Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis: Assets Collateral-dependent loans Total assets nonrecurring fair value measurements 

Principal payments and premium amortization ) ) Increase in allowance for credit losses ) ) Decrease in allowance for credit losses Change in fair value recognized in OCI Balance at September 30 
 Asset-backed securities (amounts in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Balance at January 1 Principal payments and premium amortization ) ) Increase in allowance for credit losses ) ) Decrease in allowance for credit losses Change in fair value recognized in OCI Balance at September 30 
 46 

Table of Content s 

 Originations 
 Sales 
 ) Principal payments 
 ) Change in fair value recognized in earnings 
 Balance at September 30 
 Other Installment Loans 
 (amounts in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Balance at January 1 Originations 
 Sales 
 ) Principal payments 
 ) Change in fair value recognized in earnings 
 Balance at September 30 
 There were no transfers between levels during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Discounted cash flow Discount rate Annualized loss rate Constant prepayment rate - 

- 

- 

Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements (dollars in thousands) Fair Value Estimate Valuation Technique Unobservable Input Range (Weighted Average) December 31, 2023 Asset-backed securities Discounted cash flow Discount rate Annualized loss rate Constant prepayment rate - 

- 

- 

47 

Table of Content s 

 NOTE 14 
 Fair Value Hedges of Benchmark Interest-Rate Risk 
 Customers is exposed to changes in the fair value of certain of its fixed rate AFS debt securities, deposits and FHLB advances due to changes in the benchmark interest rate. Customers uses interest rate swaps to manage its exposure to changes in fair value on these instruments attributable to changes in the designated benchmark interest rate such as the Fed Funds Effective Swap Rate. Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of certain fixed rate AFS debt securities involve the payment of fixed-rate amounts to a counterparty in exchange for Customers receiving variable-rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of certain deposits and FHLB advances involve the payment of variable-rate amounts to a counterparty in exchange for Customers receiving fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. For derivatives designated and that qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in net interest income. 
 At September 30, 2024, Customers had outstanding interest rate derivatives with notional amounts totaling billion that were designated as fair value hedges of certain AFS debt securities, deposits and FHLB advances. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Customers entered into and interest rate derivatives with notional amounts totaling million and billion, respectively, that were designated as fair value hedges of certain deposits and FHLB advances. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Customers entered into interest rate derivatives with notional amounts totaling billion, of which were terminated with notional amounts totaling million that were designated as fair value hedges of certain deposits and FHLB advances resulting in million of basis adjustments being amortized over the remaining terms of the hedged items as a reduction in interest expense. At December 31, 2023, Customers had outstanding interest rate derivatives with notional amounts totaling million that were designated as fair value hedges of certain AFS debt securities and FHLB advances. 
 Deposits FHLB advances 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 Customers executes interest rate swaps (typically the loan customers will swap a floating-rate loan for a fixed-rate loan) and interest rate caps with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. The customer interest rate swaps and interest rate caps are simultaneously offset by interest rate swaps and interest rate caps that Customers executes with a third party in order to minimize interest-rate risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate swaps and interest rate caps associated with this program do not meet the hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer swaps and caps and the offsetting third-party market swaps and caps are recognized directly in earnings. At September 30, 2024, Customers had interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of billion and interest rate caps with an aggregated notional amount of million related to this program. At December 31, 2023, Customers had interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of billion and interest rate caps with an aggregate notional amount of million related to this program. 
 48 

Table of Content s 

 Other liabilities 
 December 31, 2023 Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities (amounts in thousands) Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Balance Sheet Location Fair Value Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps and caps (1) 
 Other assets Other liabilities 
 (1) Customers centrally cleared derivatives are legally settled through variation margin payments and these payments are reflected as a reduction of the related derivative asset or liability, including accrued interest, on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Effect of Derivative Instruments on Net Income 
 Recognized on hedged AFS debt securities Net interest income ) ) ) ) Recognized on hedged deposits Net interest income ) ) Recognized on hedged FHLB advances Net interest income ) ) ) ) Total Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate swaps and caps Other non-interest income 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 By entering into derivative contracts, Customers is exposed to credit risk. The credit risk associated with derivatives executed with customers is the same as that involved in extending the related loans and is subject to the same standard credit policies. To mitigate the credit-risk exposure to major derivative dealer counterparties, Customers only enters into agreements with those counterparties that maintain credit ratings of high quality or with central clearing parties. 
 Agreements with major derivative dealer counterparties contain provisions whereby default on any of Customers indebtedness would be considered a default on its derivative obligations. Customers also has entered into agreements that contain provisions under which the counterparty could require Customers to settle its obligations if Customers fails to maintain its status as a well/adequately capitalized institution. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of derivatives in a net asset position related to these agreements was million. In addition, Customers, which has collateral posting thresholds with certain of these counterparties, had received million of cash as collateral at September 30, 2024. Customers records cash posted or received as collateral with these counterparties, except with a central clearing entity, as a reduction or an increase in the outstanding balance of cash and cash equivalents and an increase in the balance of other assets or other liabilities. 
 49 

Table of Content s 

 ) ) Interest rate derivative liabilities with institutional counterparties ) 
 Gross Amounts Recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet Net Amount (amounts in thousands) Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Received/Posted December 31, 2023 Interest rate derivative assets with institutional counterparties ) ) Interest rate derivative liabilities with institutional counterparties ) 
 
 NOTE 15 
 50 

Table of Content s 

 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This report and all attachments hereto, as well as other written or oral communications made from time to time by us, may contain forward-looking information within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include statements with respect to Customers Bancorp, Inc. s strategies, goals, beliefs, expectations, estimates, intentions, capital raising efforts, financial condition and results of operations, future performance and business. Statements preceded by, followed by, or that include the words may, could, should, pro forma, looking forward, would, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan, project, or similar expressions generally indicate a forward-looking statement. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based on various important factors (some of which, in whole or in part, are beyond Customers Bancorp, Inc. s control). Numerous competitive, economic, regulatory, legal and technological events and factors, among others, could cause Customers Bancorp, Inc. s financial performance to differ materially from the goals, plans, objectives, intentions and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements, including: a continuation of the recent turmoil in the banking industry, responsive measures taken by us and regulatory authorities to mitigate and manage related risks, regulatory actions taken that address related issues and the costs and obligations associated therewith, such as the FDIC special assessments; the potential for negative consequences resulting from regulatory violations, investigations and examinations, including potential supervisory actions, the assessment of fines and penalties, the imposition of sanctions, the need to undertake remedial actions and possible damage to our reputation; effects of competition on deposit rates and growth, loan rates and growth and net interest margin; failure to identify and adequately and promptly address cybersecurity risks, including data breaches and cyberattacks; public health crises and pandemics and their effects on the economic and business environments in which we operate; geopolitical conditions, including acts or threats of terrorism, actions taken by the United States or other governments in response to acts or threats of terrorism and military conflicts, including the war between Russia and Ukraine and escalating conflict in the Middle East, which could impact the economic conditions in the United States; the impact that changes in the economy have on the performance of our loan and lease portfolio, the market value of our investment securities, the demand for our products and services and the availability of sources of funding; the effects of actions by the federal government, including the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and other government agencies, that affect market interest rates and the money supply; actions that we and our customers take in response to these developments and the effects such actions have on our operations, products, services and customer relationships; higher inflation and its impacts; and the effects of any changes in accounting standards or policies. Customers Bancorp, Inc. cautions that the foregoing factors are not exclusive, and neither such factors nor any such forward-looking statement takes into account the impact of any future events. All forward-looking statements and information set forth herein are based on management s current beliefs and assumptions as of the date hereof and speak only as of the date they are made. For a more complete discussion of the assumptions, risks and uncertainties related to our business, you are encouraged to review Customers Bancorp, Inc. s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments thereto, that update or provide information in addition to the information included in the Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings, if any. Customers Bancorp, Inc. does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by Customers Bancorp, Inc. or by or on behalf of Customers Bank, except as may be required under applicable law. 
 Management s discussion and analysis represents an overview of the financial condition and results of operations, and highlights the significant changes in the financial condition and results of operations, as presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for Customers Bancorp, Inc. (the Bancorp or Customers Bancorp ), a financial holding company, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Customers Bank (the Bank ), collectively referred to as Customers herein. This information is intended to facilitate your understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to Customers financial condition and results of operations as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. All quarterly information in this Management s Discussion and Analysis is unaudited. You should read this section in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Customers 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 Like most financial institutions, Customers derives the majority of its income from interest it receives on its interest-earning assets, such as loans, leases and investments. Customers primary source of funds for making these loans, leases and investments are its deposits and borrowings, on which it pays interest. Consequently, one of the key measures of Customers success is the amount of its net interest income, or the difference between the interest income on its interest-earning assets and the interest expense on its interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Another key measure is the difference between the interest income generated by interest earning assets and the interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, relative to the amount of average interest earning assets, which is referred to as net interest margin. 
 51 

Table of Content s 

 There is credit risk inherent in loans and leases requiring Customers to maintain an ACL to absorb credit losses on existing loans and leases that may become uncollectible. Customers maintains this allowance by charging a provision for credit losses on loan and leases against its operating earnings. Customers has included a detailed discussion of this process in NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION to Customers audited consolidated financial statements in its 2023 Form 10-K, as well as several tables describing its ACL in NOTE 7 LOANS AND LEASES RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS AND LEASES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 Impact of Macroeconomic and Banking Industry Uncertainties and Military Conflicts 
 Inflation remains slightly elevated in 2024. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates significantly throughout 2022 and into 2023 in attempts to bring the inflation to its long run target rate of two percent. The Federal Reserve has stated that inflation is moving sustainably toward two percent, and that the risks to achieving its employment and inflation goals are roughly in balance. In light of the progress on inflation and the balance of risks, the Federal Reserve has begun lowering the federal funds rate. However, significant uncertainties exist as to the extent and timing of future rate cuts and their effects on the economic conditions. 
 Significant uncertainties as to future economic conditions continue to exist, including risks of higher inflation and sustained higher interest rate environment, elevated liquidity risk to the U.S. banking system and the exposure to the U.S. commercial real estate market, particularly to the regional banks, disruptions to global supply chain and labor markets and higher oil and commodity prices exacerbated by the military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East. Customers has maintained higher levels of liquidity, reserves for credit losses on loans and leases and off-balance sheet credit exposures and strong capital ratios and shifted the mix of its loan portfolio towards low credit risk commercial loans with floating or adjustable interest rates during the period of high interest rates. As the interest rates begin to decline, Customers has been reducing the Bank's asset sensitivity through derivative hedging and investment securities portfolio rebalancing. Customers remains focused on growing its non-interest bearing and lower-cost interest-bearing deposits. Customers exposure to higher risk commercial real estate such as the office sector is minimal, representing approximately 1 of the loan portfolio as of September 30, 2024. The Bank s debt securities available for sale and held to maturity are available to be pledged as collateral to the FRB and FHLB for additional liquidity. The Bank had approximately 5.2 billion in immediate available liquidity from the FRB and FHLB and cash on hand of 3.1 billion as of September 30, 2024. The Bank s estimated FDIC insured deposits represented approximately 66 of our deposits (inclusive of accrued interest) as of September 30, 2024. When including collateralized and affiliate deposits as FDIC insured, this number increased to 75 of our deposits as of September 30, 2024. Customers continues to monitor closely the impact of uncertainties affecting the macroeconomic conditions, the U.S. banking system, particularly regional banks, the military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, as well as any effects that may result from the federal government s responses including future rate and regulatory actions; however, the extent to which inflation, interest rates and other macroeconomic and industry factors, the geopolitical conflicts and developments in the U.S. banking system will impact Customers operations and financial results during the remainder of 2024 and into 2025 is highly uncertain. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information about the impact that recently adopted or issued accounting guidance will have on us, refer to NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Customers has adopted various accounting policies that govern the application of U.S. GAAP and that are consistent with general practices within the banking industry in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. Customers significant accounting policies are described in NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION in Customers audited consolidated financial statements included in its 2023 Form 10-K. Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by Customers that have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets. Customers considers these accounting policies to be critical accounting policies. The judgments and assumptions used are based on historical experience and other factors, which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgments and assumptions management makes, actual results could differ from these judgments and estimates, which could have a material impact on the carrying values of Customers assets. 
 The critical accounting policy that is both important to the portrayal of Customers financial condition and results of operations and requires complex, subjective judgments is the ACL. This critical accounting policy and material estimate, along with the related disclosures, are reviewed by Customers Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 52 

Table of Content s 

 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Customers ACL at September 30, 2024 represents Customers current estimate of the lifetime credit losses expected from its loan and lease portfolio and its unfunded lending-related commitments that are not unconditionally cancellable. Management estimates the ACL by projecting a lifetime loss rate conditional on a forecast of economic parameters and other qualitative adjustments, for the loans and leases expected remaining term. 
 Customers uses external sources in the creation of its forecasts, including current economic conditions and forecasts for macroeconomic variables over its reasonable and supportable forecast period (e.g., GDP growth rate, unemployment rate, BBB spread, commercial real estate and home price index). After the reasonable and supportable forecast period, which ranges from two to five years, the models revert the forecasted macroeconomic variables to their historical long-term trends, without specific predictions for the economy, over the expected life of the pool, while also incorporating prepayment assumptions into its lifetime loss rates. Internal factors that impact the quarterly allowance estimate include the level of outstanding balances, portfolio performance and assigned risk ratings. Significant loan/borrower attributes utilized in the models include property type, initial loan to value, assigned risk ratings, delinquency status, origination date, maturity date, initial FICO scores, and borrower industry and state. 
 The ACL may be affected materially by a variety of qualitative factors that Customers considers to reflect its current judgment of various events and risks that are not measured in our statistical procedures, including uncertainty related to the economic forecasts used in the modelled credit loss estimates, nature and volume of the loan and lease portfolio, credit underwriting policy exceptions, peer comparison, industry data, and model and data limitations. The qualitative allowance for economic forecast risk is further informed by multiple alternative scenarios, as deemed applicable, to arrive at a scenario or a composite of scenarios supporting the period-end ACL balance. The evaluation process is inherently imprecise and subjective as it requires significant management judgment based on underlying factors that are susceptible to changes, sometimes materially and rapidly. Customers recognizes that this approach may not be suitable in certain economic environments such that additional analysis may be performed at management s discretion. Due in part to its subjectivity, the qualitative evaluation may be materially impacted during periods of economic uncertainty and late breaking events that could lead to a revision of reserves to reflect management s best estimate of expected credit losses. 
 The ACL is established in accordance with our ACL policy. The ACL Committee, which includes the President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Chief Banking Officer, and Chief Credit Officer, among others, reviews the adequacy of the ACL each quarter, together with Customers risk management team. The ACL policy, significant judgments and the related disclosures are reviewed by Customers Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 The net decrease in our estimated ACL as of September 30, 2024 as compared to December 31, 2023 resulted primarily from slight improvements in macroeconomic forecasts and lower consumer installment loan balances held for investment. The provision for credit losses on loans and leases was 17.8 million and 51.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, for an ending ACL balance of 138.8 million 133.2 million for loans and leases and 5.6 million for unfunded lending-related commitments) as of September 30, 2024. 
 To determine the ACL as of September 30, 2024, Customers utilized Moody s September 2024 Baseline forecast to generate its modelled expected losses and considered Moody s other alternative economic forecast scenarios to qualitatively adjust the modelled ACL by loan portfolio in order to reflect management s reasonable expectations of current and future economic conditions. The Baseline forecast at September 2024 assumed slight improvements in macroeconomic forecasts from the second quarter 2024 forecasts of macroeconomic conditions used by Customers; the Federal Reserve Board lowering interest rates by 0.25 percentage point twice in 2024; failures of several regional banks in the first half of 2023 and recent issues around other banks are not symptomatic of a broader problem in the U.S. financial system and policymakers aggressive response will ensure that the failures do not weaken the financial system or further undermine economic growth; the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine continuing for the foreseeable future but its impact on energy, agriculture and other commodity markets and the global economy continues to fade; the war in Israel not spreading to other parts of the Middle East and disrupting global energy markets; the CPI rising 2.9 in 2024 and 2.4 in 2025; and the unemployment rate rising to 4.1 in 2024 and 2025. Customers continues to monitor the impact of the U.S. banking system weaknesses, military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, inflation, and monetary and fiscal policy measures on the U.S. economy and, if pace of the expected recovery is worse than expected, further meaningful provisions for credit losses could be required. 
 53 

Table of Content s 

 As of December 31, 2023, the ACL ending balance was 138.2 million 135.3 million for loans and leases and 2.9 million for unfunded lending-related commitments). To determine the ACL as of December 31, 2023, Customers utilized the Moody s December 2023 Baseline forecast to generate its modelled expected losses and considered Moody s other alternative economic forecast scenarios to qualitatively adjust the modelled ACL by loan portfolio in order to reflect management s reasonable expectations of current and future economic conditions. The Baseline forecast at December 31, 2023 assumed lower growth rates in macroeconomic forecasts compared to the macroeconomic forecasts used by Customers in 2022; the Federal Reserve Board not raising the effective fed funds rate further as it has reached its terminal range of 5.25 to 5.5 , and easing gradually beginning in mid-2024; the federal government avoiding a shutdown in the fourth quarter 2023 and remaining in continuous operation through 2024; recent U.S. bank failures are not symptomatic of a broader problem in the U.S. financial system and policymakers aggressive response will ensure that the failures do not weaken the financial system or the U.S. economy; the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine continuing for the foreseeable future but its fallout on energy, agriculture and other commodity markets and the global economy fading; the war in Israel not broadening to a regional conflict and disrupting global energy markets; the CPI rising 2.8 in 2024 and 2.4 in 2025; and the unemployment rate rising to 4.0 in 2024 and 4.1 in 2025. 
 One of the most significant judgments influencing the ACL is the macroeconomic forecasts from Moody s. Changes in the economic forecasts could significantly affect the estimated credit losses which could potentially lead to materially different allowance levels from one reporting period to the next. Given the dynamic relationship between macroeconomic variables within Customers modelling framework, it is difficult to estimate the impact of a change in any one individual variable on the ACL. However, to illustrate a hypothetical sensitivity analysis, management calculated a quantitative allowance using a 100 weighting applied to an adverse scenario. This scenario includes assumptions around the elevated interest rates weakening credit-sensitive consumer spending and confidence much more than expected; concerns about bank failures raising fears of further collapse in the banking industry, reducing consumer confidence and causing banks to tighten lending standards; the Federal Reserve keeping the fed funds rate at the target range throughout the second quarter of 2024 but easing beginning in the third quarter 2024 as the economy weakens, and below the target range under the Baseline scenario beginning in the first quarter of 2025; military conflict between Russia and Ukraine persisting longer than expected; worries grow that the military conflict in Israel leading to a wider military conflict; unemployment beginning to increase significantly in the fourth quarter of 2024 and the U.S. economy falling into recession in the fourth quarter of 2024. Under this scenario, as an example, the unemployment rate is estimated at 4.5 and 7.9 in 2024 and 2025, respectively. These numbers represent a 0.4 and 3.8 higher unemployment estimate than the Baseline scenario projection of 4.1 for the same time periods, respectively. To demonstrate the sensitivity to key economic parameters, management calculated the difference between a 100 Baseline weighting and a 100 adverse scenario weighting for modelled results. This would result in an incremental quantitative impact to the ACL of approximately 64 million at September 30, 2024. This resulting difference is not intended to represent an expected increase in ACL levels since (i) Customers may use a weighted approach applied to multiple economic scenarios for its ACL process, (ii) the highly uncertain economic environment, (iii) the difficulty in predicting inter-relationships between macroeconomic variables used in various economic scenarios, and (iv) the sensitivity analysis does not account for any qualitative adjustments incorporated by Customers as part of its overall ACL framework. 
 There is no certainty that Customers ACL will be appropriate over time to cover losses in our portfolio as economic and market conditions may ultimately differ from our reasonable and supportable forecast. Additionally, events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or Customers markets, such as geopolitical instability, risks of rising inflation including a near-term recession, or worsening of the U.S. banking system could severely impact our current expectations. If the credit quality of Customers customer base materially deteriorates or the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, Customers net income and capital could be materially adversely affected which, in turn could have a material adverse effect on Customers financial condition and results of operations. The extent to which the geopolitical instability, risks of rising inflation and worsening of the U.S. banking system have and will continue to negatively impact Customers businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be forecasted with precision at this time. 
 For more information, refer to NOTE 7 LOANS AND LEASES RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS AND LEASES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Table of Content s 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth the condensed statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Three Months Ended September 30, QTD 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, YTD (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net interest income 158,545 199,773 (41,228) (20.6) 486,583 514,943 (28,360) (5.5) Provision for credit losses 
 17,066 17,856 (790) (4.4) 52,257 61,088 (8,831) (14.5) Total non-interest income 8,557 17,775 (9,218) (51.9) 60,825 51,893 8,932 17.2 Total non-interest expense 104,018 89,466 14,552 16.3 306,639 258,896 47,743 18.4 Income before income tax expense (benefit) 
 46,018 110,226 (64,208) (58.3) 188,512 246,852 (58,340) (23.6) Income tax expense (benefit) 
 (725) 23,470 (24,195) (103.1) 33,958 58,801 (24,843) (42.2) Net income 46,743 86,756 (40,013) (46.1) 154,554 188,051 (33,497) (17.8) Preferred stock dividends 3,806 3,803 3 0.1 11,391 10,826 565 5.2 Net income available to common shareholders 42,937 82,953 (40,016) (48.2) 143,163 177,225 (34,062) (19.2) 
 Customers reported net income available to common shareholders of 42.9 million and 143.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to net income available to common shareholders of 83.0 million and 177.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Factors contributing to the change in net income available to common shareholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were as follows: 
 Net interest income 
 Net interest income decreased 41.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher-than-expected purchase discount accretion of approximately 27 million recognized on the venture banking loan portfolio acquired from the FDIC on June 15, 2023 due to loan maturities and increased payoffs during the three months ended September 30, 2023 and higher interest expense on deposits, offset in part by lower interest expense from lower average balances of borrowings. Average interest-earning assets decreased by 790.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in interest-earning assets was primarily driven by decreases in investment securities, commercial and industrial loans and consumer installment loans as Customers continued its de-risking strategy and the build out of our held for sale strategy. NIM decreased by 64 basis points to 3.06 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 3.70 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The NIM decrease was primarily attributable to higher-than-expected purchase discount accretion of approximately 27 million recognized on the venture banking loan portfolio acquired from the FDIC on June 15, 2023 due to loan maturities and increased payoffs during the three months ended September 30, 2023, and higher market interest rates on deposits which drove a 27 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Customers total cost of funds, including non-interest bearing deposits was 3.59 and 3.48 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Net interest income decreased 28.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to lower interest income in specialized lending, other commercial and industrial loans and leases and consumer installment loans and higher interest expense on deposits, offset in part by lower interest expense from lower average balances of borrowings. Average interest-earning assets decreased by 332.3 million, primarily related to decreases in specialized lending, PPP loans included in other commercial and industrial loans and leases and consumer installment loans as Customers continued its de-risking strategy and the build out of our held for sale strategy and investment securities, partially offset by an increase in interest-earning deposits. NIM decreased by 12 basis points to 3.16 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 3.28 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The NIM decrease was primarily attributable to higher-than-expected purchase discount accretion of approximately 27 million recognized on the venture banking loan portfolio acquired from the FDIC due to loan maturities and increased payoffs during the three months ended September 30, 2023 and higher market interest rates on deposits, which drove a 49 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Customers total cost of funds, including non-interest bearing deposits was 3.55 and 3.42 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 55 

Table of Content s 

 Provision for credit losses 
 The 0.8 million decrease in the provision for credit losses included 0.7 million increase in provision for credit losses on loans and leases for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, which primarily reflects higher balances in commercial and industrial loan balances held for investment, partially offset by lower consumer installment loan balances held for investment. The ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures is presented within accrued interest payable and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet and the related provision is presented as part of other non-interest expense on the consolidated statement of income. The ACL on loans and leases held for investment represented 1.06 of total loans and leases receivable at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.10 of total loans and leases receivable at September 30, 2023. Net charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 17.0 million, or 50 basis points of average loans and leases on an annualized basis, compared to net charge-offs of 17.5 million, or 50 basis points on an annualized basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to lower charge-offs for consumer installment loans, partially offset by higher charge-offs for commercial and industrial loans. 
 The 8.8 million decrease in the provision for credit losses included 5.9 million decrease in provision for credit losses on loans and leases for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily reflects the recognition of slight improvements in macroeconomic forecasts and lower consumer installment loan balances held for investment. Net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 53.7 million, or 54 basis points of average loans and leases on an annualized basis, compared to net charge-offs of 51.7 million, or 47 basis points on an annualized basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net charge-offs of 51.7 million for nine months ended September 30, 2023 excluded 6.2 million of charge-offs for certain PCD loans acquired from the FDIC applied against 8.7 million of allowance for credit losses on PCD loans recognized upon acquisition of the venture banking loan portfolio on June 15, 2023. The increase in net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, excluding the charge-offs for certain PCD loans acquired from the FDIC, was primarily due to higher charge-offs for commercial and industrial loans, partially offset by decreases in charge-offs for non-owner occupied commercial real estate and consumer installment loans. 
 The provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 also included a benefit to provision for credit losses of 0.7 million and a provision of 0.8 million, respectively, on certain asset-backed securities and corporate notes included in our investment securities available for sale. The provision for credit losses on certain asset-backed securities and corporate notes included in our investment securities available for sale was 0.7 million and 3.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Non-interest income 
 The 9.2 million decrease in non-interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from an increase of 14.2 million in net loss on sale of loans and leases, which included a loss of 14.3 million on leases of commercial clean vehicles that were accounted for as sales-type leases during the three months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by increases of 2.0 million in loan fees and 1.2 million in commercial lease income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. These commercial clean vehicle leases generated the same amount of investment tax credits that were included as a benefit to income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to NOTE 8 LEASES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sales-type leases of commercial clean vehicles. 
 The 8.9 million increase in non-interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from 11.0 million of unrealized gain on equity method investment with a fair value of 16.0 million purchased at a discount for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 5.0 million of loss on sale of capital call lines of credit for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and increases of 4.2 million in loan fees and 2.9 million in commercial lease income. These increases were offset in part by an increase of 13.7 million in net loss on sale of loans and leases, which included a loss of 14.3 million on leases of commercial clean vehicles that were accounted for as sales-type leases during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and a decrease of 2.3 million in bank-owned life insurance income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These commercial clean vehicle leases generated the same amount of investment tax credits that were included as a benefit to income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to NOTE 8 LEASES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sales-type leases of commercial clean vehicles. 
 56 

Table of Content s 

 Non-interest expense 
 The 14.6 million increase in non-interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from increases of 13.9 million in salaries and employee benefits, 5.9 million in other non-interest expense and 0.5 million in professional services. These increases were offset in part by a legal settlement expense of 4.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and decreases of 2.1 million in technology, communication and bank operations and 0.6 million in FDIC assessments, non-income taxes and regulatory fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The 47.7 million increase in non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from increases of 29.4 million in salaries and employee benefits, 10.5 million in FDIC assessments, non-income taxes and regulatory fees, 12.3 million in other non-interest expense and 3.1 million in technology, communication and bank operations. These increases were offset in part by a legal settlement expense of 4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and a decrease of 3.9 million in professional services for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Included in the 10.5 million increase in FDIC assessments, non-income taxes and regulatory fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 4.2 million in FDIC premiums related to periods prior to 2024 and 0.7 million related to an increase in industry-wide FDIC special assessment associated with the bank failures of March 2023. Included in the 3.1 million increase in technology, communication and bank operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 7.1 million of deposit servicing-related fees related to periods prior to 2024. 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 Customers effective tax rate was (1.58) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 21.29 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the effective tax rate primarily resulted from an increase in estimated income tax credits for the year ending December 31, 2024, including 14.3 million of investment tax credits generated from commercial clean vehicles during the three months ended September 30, 2024. These investment tax credits from commercial clean vehicle leases were the same amount as the loss on leases of commercial clean vehicles included within net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases. 
 Customers effective tax rate was 18.01 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 23.82 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in the effective tax rate primarily resulted from an increase in estimated income tax credits for the year ending December 31, 2024, including 14.3 million of investment tax credits generated from commercial clean vehicles during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by tax expense on surrendered bank-owned life insurance policies of 4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These investment tax credits from commercial clean vehicle leases were the same amount as the loss on leases of commercial clean vehicles included within net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases. 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 Preferred stock dividends were 3.8 million and 3.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Preferred stock dividends were 11.4 million and 10.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There were no changes to the amount of preferred stock outstanding during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 NET INTEREST INCOME 
 Net interest income (the difference between the interest earned on loans and leases, investments and interest-earning deposits with banks, and interest paid on deposits, borrowed funds and subordinated debt) is the primary source of Customers earnings. The following table summarizes Customers net interest income, related interest spread, net interest margin and the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for the major categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Information is provided for each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities with respect to (i) changes attributable to volume (i.e., changes in average balances multiplied by the prior-period average rate) and (ii) changes attributable to rate (i.e., changes in average rate multiplied by prior-period average balances). For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume which cannot be segregated have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 
 
 57 

Table of Content s 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income or Expense Average Yield or Cost ) Average Balance Interest Income or Expense Average Yield or Cost ) Due to rate Due to volume Total Assets Interest-earning deposits 3,224,940 44,372 5.47 3,211,753 43,800 5.41 417 155 572 Investment securities (1) 
 3,706,974 46,265 4.97 4,240,116 54,243 5.12 (1,508) (6,470) (7,978) Loans and leases: Commercial and industrial: Specialized lending loans and leases (2) 
 5,805,389 124,667 8.54 5,717,252 157,671 10.94 (35,367) 2,363 (33,004) Other commercial and industrial loans (2)(3) 
 1,533,057 24,654 6.40 1,779,778 28,616 6.38 87 (4,049) (3,962) Mortgage finance loans 1,267,656 17,723 5.56 1,159,698 16,916 5.79 (698) 1,505 807 Multifamily loans 2,071,340 21,147 4.06 2,141,384 21,292 3.94 599 (744) (145) Non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans 1,411,533 21,065 5.94 1,425,831 21,208 5.90 113 (256) (143) Residential mortgages 525,285 6,082 4.61 528,022 5,965 4.48 153 (36) 117 Installment loans 1,029,812 24,228 9.36 1,147,069 24,103 8.34 2,746 (2,621) 125 Total loans and leases (4) 
 13,644,072 239,566 6.99 13,899,034 275,771 7.87 (31,102) (5,103) (36,205) Other interest-earning assets 118,914 1,910 6.39 134,416 2,526 7.45 (340) (276) (616) Total interest-earning assets 20,694,900 332,113 6.39 21,485,319 376,340 6.96 (30,519) (13,708) (44,227) Non-interest-earning assets 535,504 492,691 Total assets 21,230,404 21,978,010 Liabilities Interest checking accounts 5,787,026 65,554 4.51 5,758,215 58,637 4.04 6,631 286 6,917 Money market deposit accounts 3,676,994 42,128 4.56 2,181,184 22,983 4.18 2,241 16,904 19,145 Other savings accounts 1,563,970 18,426 4.69 1,077,298 11,582 4.27 1,223 5,621 6,844 Certificates of deposit 2,339,937 29,721 5.05 4,466,522 52,623 4.67 3,944 (26,846) (22,902) Total interest-bearing deposits (5) 
 13,367,927 155,829 4.64 13,483,219 145,825 4.29 11,305 (1,301) 10,004 Borrowings 1,334,905 17,739 5.29 2,328,955 30,742 5.24 289 (13,292) (13,003) Total interest-bearing liabilities 14,702,832 173,568 4.70 15,812,174 176,567 4.43 10,091 (13,090) (2,999) Non-interest-bearing deposits (5) 
 4,557,815 4,347,977 Total deposits and borrowings 19,260,647 3.59 20,160,151 3.48 Other non-interest-bearing liabilities 195,722 306,822 Total liabilities 19,456,369 20,466,973 Shareholders equity 1,774,035 1,511,037 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 21,230,404 21,978,010 Net interest income 158,545 199,773 (40,610) (618) (41,228) Tax-equivalent adjustment 392 405 Net interest earnings 158,937 200,178 Interest spread 2.80 3.48 Net interest margin 3.05 3.70 Net interest margin tax equivalent (6) 
 3.06 3.70 
 (1) For presentation in this table, average balances and the corresponding average yields for investment securities are based upon historical cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts. 
 (2) Includes owner occupied commercial real estate loans. 
 (3) Includes PPP loans. 
 (4) Includes non-accrual loans, the effect of which is to reduce the yield earned on loans and leases, and deferred loan fees. 
 (5) Total costs of deposits (including interest bearing and non-interest-bearing) were 3.46 and 3.24 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (6) Tax-equivalent basis, using an estimated marginal tax rate of 26 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, presented to approximate interest income as a taxable asset. 
 58 

Table of Content s 

 Net interest income decreased 41.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to lower interest income on commercial and industrial loans and leases, primarily in specialized lending and higher interest expense on deposits, offset in part by lower average balances of borrowings. The decrease in net interest income in specialized lending was primarily attributable to higher-than-expected purchase discount accretion of approximately 27 million recognized on the venture banking loan portfolio acquired from the FDIC on June 15, 2023 due to loan maturities and increased payoffs during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Average interest-earning assets decreased by 790.4 million, primarily related to decreases in investment securities, commercial and industrial loans and consumer installment loans. Total consumer installment loans decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, as consumer installment loans held for investment decreased primarily for risk management purposes and the build out of our held for sale strategy in 2024 in which we accumulate loans with the intent to sell in the future. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, Customers sold 202.5 million of consumer installment loans that were classified as held for sale, inclusive of 53.0 million of personal installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, to two third-party sponsored VIEs. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of consumer installment loans to third-party sponsored VIEs. 
 NIM decreased by 64 basis points to 3.06 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 3.70 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 resulting primarily from higher-than-expected purchase discount accretion of approximately 27 million recognized on the venture banking loan portfolio acquired from the FDIC due to loan maturities and increased payoffs during the three months ended September 30, 2023, and higher market interest rates on deposits which drove a 27 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Customers total cost of funds, including non-interest bearing deposits was 3.59 and 3.48 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 59 

Table of Content s 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income or Expense Average Yield or Cost ) Average Balance Interest Income or Expense Average Yield or Cost ) Due to rate Due to volume Total Assets Interest-earning deposits 3,471,011 142,695 5.49 2,100,435 81,819 5.21 4,632 56,244 60,876 Investment securities (1) 
 3,736,770 140,653 5.03 4,074,464 149,585 4.90 3,842 (12,774) (8,932) Loans and leases: Commercial and industrial: Specialized lending loans and leases (2) 
 5,507,963 361,234 8.76 5,748,053 383,138 8.91 (6,293) (15,611) (21,904) Other commercial and industrial loans (2)(3) 
 1,575,815 76,487 6.48 2,081,688 105,398 6.77 (4,332) (24,579) (28,911) Mortgage finance loans 1,151,173 45,640 5.30 1,240,403 53,934 5.81 (4,558) (3,736) (8,294) Multifamily loans 2,100,501 63,863 4.06 2,176,294 62,857 3.86 3,221 (2,215) 1,006 Non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans 1,385,685 61,714 5.95 1,434,459 61,284 5.71 2,543 (2,113) 430 Residential mortgages 522,876 17,745 4.53 535,502 17,298 4.32 851 (404) 447 Installment loans 1,131,633 80,866 9.55 1,517,632 100,669 8.87 7,287 (27,090) (19,803) Total loans and leases (4) 
 13,375,646 707,549 7.07 14,734,031 784,578 7.12 (5,452) (71,577) (77,029) Other interest-earning assets 112,365 7,031 8.36 119,187 5,463 6.13 1,896 (328) 1,568 Total interest-earning assets 20,695,792 997,928 6.44 21,028,117 1,021,445 6.49 (7,707) (15,810) (23,517) Non-interest-earning assets 487,991 537,160 Total assets 21,183,783 21,565,277 Liabilities Interest checking accounts 5,682,240 191,132 4.49 6,181,097 178,984 3.87 27,301 (15,153) 12,148 Money market deposit accounts 3,419,880 117,106 4.57 2,208,853 63,444 3.84 13,816 39,846 53,662 Other savings accounts 1,708,625 61,008 4.77 966,539 27,707 3.83 8,067 25,234 33,301 Certificates of deposit 2,374,982 89,092 5.01 4,663,548 155,995 4.47 17,041 (83,944) (66,903) Total interest-bearing deposits (5) 
 13,185,727 458,338 4.64 14,020,037 426,130 4.06 58,539 (26,331) 32,208 Federal funds purchased 5,055 188 4.97 (188) (188) Borrowings 1,431,520 53,007 4.95 2,160,332 80,184 4.96 (162) (27,015) (27,177) Total interest-bearing liabilities 14,617,247 511,345 4.67 16,185,424 506,502 4.18 56,385 (51,542) 4,843 Non-interest-bearing deposits (5) 
 4,626,580 3,642,832 Total deposits and borrowings 19,243,827 3.55 19,828,256 3.42 Other non-interest-bearing liabilities 221,278 271,387 Total liabilities 19,465,105 20,099,643 Shareholders equity 1,718,678 1,465,634 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 21,183,783 21,565,277 Net interest income 486,583 514,943 (64,092) 35,732 (28,360) Tax-equivalent adjustment 1,179 1,170 Net interest earnings 487,762 516,113 Interest spread 2.89 3.08 Net interest margin 3.15 3.27 Net interest margin tax equivalent (6) 
 3.16 3.28 
 (1) For presentation in this table, average balances and the corresponding average yields for investment securities are based upon historical cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts. 
 (2) Includes owner occupied commercial real estate loans. 
 (3) Includes PPP loans. 
 (4) Includes non-accrual loans, the effect of which is to reduce the yield earned on loans and leases, and deferred loan fees. 
 (5) Total costs of deposits (including interest bearing and non-interest-bearing) were 3.44 and 3.23 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (6) Tax-equivalent basis, using an estimated marginal tax rate of 26 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, presented to approximate interest income as a taxable asset. 
 60 

Table of Content s 

 Net interest income decreased 28.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to lower interest income in specialized lending, other commercial and industrial loans and leases and consumer installment loans and higher interest expense on deposits, offset in part by lower interest expense from lower average balances of borrowings. The decrease in interest income in specialized lending was attributable to higher-than-expected purchase discount accretion of approximately 27 million recognized on the venture banking loan portfolio acquired from the FDIC on June 15, 2023 due to loan maturities and increased payoffs during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Average interest-earning assets decreased by 332.3 million, primarily in specialized lending, PPP loans included in other commercial and industrial loans and leases, consumer installment loans as Customers continued its de-risking strategy and the build out of our held for sale strategy and investment securities, partially offset by an increase in interest-earning deposits. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Customers sold 202.5 million of consumer installment loans that were classified as held for sale, inclusive of 53.0 million of personal installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, to two third-party sponsored VIEs. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of consumer installment loans to third-party sponsored VIEs. 
 NIM decreased by 12 basis points to 3.16 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 3.28 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 resulting primarily from higher-than-expected purchase discount accretion of approximately 27 million recognized on the venture banking loan portfolio acquired from the FDIC due to loan maturities and increased payoffs during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and higher market interest rates on deposits, which drove a 49 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Customers total cost of funds, including non-interest bearing deposits was 3.55 and 3.42 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 The provision for credit losses is a charge to earnings to maintain the ACL at a level consistent with management s assessment of expected lifetime losses in the loan and lease portfolio at the balance sheet date. Customers recorded a provision for credit losses on loans and leases during the three months ended September 30, 2024, which resulted primarily from higher balances in commercial and industrial loan balances held for investment, partially offset by lower consumer installment loan balances held for investment. Customers recorded a provision for credit losses of 17.8 million for loans and leases and 0.6 million for lending-related commitments, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Customers recorded a provision for credit losses of 17.1 million for loans and leases and 48 thousand for lending-related commitments, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Net charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 17.0 million, or 50 basis points of average loans and leases on an annualized basis, compared to net charge-offs of 17.5 million, or 50 basis points of average loans and leases on an annualized basis, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to lower charge-offs for consumer installment loans, partially offset by higher charge-offs for commercial and industrial loans. 
 Customers recorded a provision for credit losses of 51.6 million for loans and leases and 2.7 million for lending-related commitments, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which resulted primarily from the recognition of slight improvements in macroeconomic forecasts and lower consumer installment loan balances held for investment. Customers recorded a provision for credit losses of 57.4 million for loans and leases and 24 thousand for lending-related commitments, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 53.7 million, or 54 basis points of average loans and leases on an annualized basis, compared to net charge-offs of 51.7 million, or 47 basis points of average loans and leases on an annualized basis, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net charge-offs of 51.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 excluded 6.2 million of charge-offs for certain PCD loans acquired from the FDIC applied against 8.7 million of allowance for credit losses on PCD loans recognized upon acquisition of the venture banking loan portfolio on June 15, 2023. The increase in net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, excluding the charge-offs for certain PCD loans acquired from the FDIC, was primarily due to higher charge-offs for commercial and industrial loans, partially offset by decreases in charge-offs for non-owner occupied commercial real estate and consumer installment loans. 
 For more information about the provision and ACL and our loss experience on loans and leases, refer to Credit Risk and Asset Quality herein. 
 The provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 also included a benefit to provision for credit losses of 0.7 million and a provision of 0.8 million, respectively, on certain asset-backed securities and corporate notes included in our investment securities available for sale. The provision for credit losses on certain asset-backed securities and corporate notes included in our investment securities available for sale was 0.7 million and 3.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 61 

Table of Content s 

 NON-INTEREST INCOME 
 The table below presents the components of non-interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Three Months Ended September 30, QTD 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, YTD (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Commercial lease income 10,093 8,901 1,192 13.4 30,058 27,144 2,914 10.7 Loan fees 8,011 6,029 1,982 32.9 18,524 14,290 4,234 29.6 Bank-owned life insurance 2,049 1,973 76 3.9 7,317 9,617 (2,300) (23.9) Mortgage finance transactional fees 1,087 1,018 69 6.8 3,091 3,468 (377) (10.9) Net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases (14,548) (348) (14,200) NM (14,776) (1,109) (13,667) NM Loss on sale of capital call lines of credit (5,037) 5,037 (100.0) Net gain (loss) on sale of investment securities (429) 429 (100.0) (749) (429) (320) 74.6 Unrealized gain on equity method investments 11,041 11,041 NM Other 1,865 631 1,234 195.6 6,319 3,949 2,370 60.0 Total non-interest income 8,557 17,775 (9,218) (51.9) 60,825 51,893 8,932 17.2 
 Commercial lease income 
 Commercial lease income represents income earned on commercial operating leases originated by Customers commercial equipment financing group in which Customers is the lessor. The 1.2 million increase in commercial lease income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from the growth of Customers equipment finance business. 
 The 2.9 million increase in commercial lease income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from the growth of Customers equipment finance business. 
 Loan fees 
 The 2.0 million increase in loan fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from increases in fees earned on unused lines of credit and other fees from consumer borrowers, partially offset by decreases in servicing related revenue and other fees from borrowers. 
 The 4.2 million increase in loan fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from increases in fees earned on unused lines of credit and other fees from borrowers, partially offset by a decrease in servicing related revenue. 
 Bank-owned life insurance 
 Bank-owned life insurance income represents income earned on life insurance policies owned by Customers including an increase in cash surrender value of the policies and any benefits paid by insurance carriers under the policies. The 0.1 million increase in bank-owned life insurance income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from an increase in cash surrender value of the policies. 
 The 2.3 million decrease in bank-owned life insurance income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from a decrease in death benefits paid by insurance carriers under the policies. 
 62 

Table of Content s 

 Net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases 
 The 14.2 million increase in net loss on sale of loans and leases for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from 14.3 million of loss on leases of commercial clean vehicles that were accounted for as sales-type leases during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and a loss of 0.3 million, inclusive of transaction costs, on sales of 202.5 million in consumer installment loans, inclusive of 53.0 million of personal installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs, to two third-party sponsored VIEs for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.2 million in losses on sales of 12.4 million of SBA loans and 0.2 million in losses on sales of consumer installment loans for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The commercial clean vehicle leases generated the same amount of investment tax credits that were included as a benefit to income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to NOTE 8 LEASES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sales-type leases of commercial clean vehicles. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of consumer installment loans to third-party sponsored VIEs. There can be no assurance that Customers will realize gains from sales of loans in 2024 given the significant uncertainty in the capital markets. 
 The 13.7 million increase in net loss on sale of loans and leases for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from 14.3 million of loss on leases of commercial clean vehicles that were accounted for as sales-type leases during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a loss of 0.3 million, inclusive of transaction costs, on sales of 202.5 million in consumer installment loans, inclusive of 53.0 million of personal installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs, to two third-party sponsored VIEs and a loss of 0.2 million, inclusive of transaction costs, on sale of 23.7 million in commercial and industrial loans for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.2 million in net gains on sales of 78.6 million of SBA loans, 0.2 million in losses on sales of consumer installment loans and a loss of 1.2 million, inclusive of transaction costs, on sales of 556.7 million in consumer installment loans that were classified as held for sale, inclusive of 154.0 million of other installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs, to two third-party sponsored VIEs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The commercial clean vehicle leases generated the same amount of investment tax credits that were included as a benefit to income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to NOTE 8 LEASES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sales-type leases of commercial clean vehicles. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of consumer installment loans to third-party sponsored VIEs. There can be no assurance that Customers will realize gains from sales of loans in 2024 given the significant uncertainty in the capital markets. 
 Loss on sale of capital call lines of credit 
 The 5.0 million decrease in realized loss from the sale of capital call lines of credit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflected the sale of 670.0 million of short-term syndicated capital call lines of credit within specialized lending, inclusive of accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, compared to no such sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Customers decided to exit completely the non-strategic, short-term syndicated capital call lines of credit with borrowers that Customers had no deposit relationships during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net gain (loss) on sale of investment securities 
 The 0.4 million decrease in net loss on sale of investment securities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 reflects a gain realized from the sale of 0.1 million in AFS debt securities for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the sale of 5.0 million in AFS debt securities for the three months ended September 30, 2023. There can be no assurance that Customers will realize gains from sales of investment securities in 2024, given the significant uncertainty in the capital markets and fluctuations in our funding needs, which may impact Customers investment strategy. 
 The 0.3 million increase in net loss on sale of investment securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflects net losses realized from the sales of 241.6 million in AFS debt securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the sale of 5.0 million in AFS debt securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. There can be no assurance that Customers will realize gains from sales of investment securities in 2024, given the significant uncertainty in the capital markets and fluctuations in our funding needs, which may impact Customers investment strategy. 
 63 

Table of Content s 

 Unrealized gain on equity method investments 
 The 11.0 million increase in unrealized gain on the equity method investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflects unrealized gain from the equity method investment with a fair value of 16.0 million purchased at a discount during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Customers accounts for unconsolidated partnerships and certain other investments using the equity method of accounting if it has the ability to significantly influence the operating and financial policies of the investee. This is generally presumed to exist when Customers owns between 20 and 50 of a corporation, or when it has greater than 3 to 5 interest in a limited partnership or similarly structured entity. Under the equity method, Customers records its equity ownership share of net income or loss of the investee within other non-interest income. Investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting are included within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Other non-interest income 
 The 1.2 million increase in other non-interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from increases in income from equity securities and SERP. 
 The 2.4 million increase in other non-interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from an increase in income from equity securities, SERP and derivatives. 
 
 NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 
 The table below presents the components of non-interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Three Months Ended September 30, QTD 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, YTD (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Salaries and employee benefits 47,717 33,845 13,872 41.0 128,689 99,310 29,379 29.6 Technology, communication and bank operations 13,588 15,667 (2,079) (13.3) 51,719 48,663 3,056 6.3 Commercial lease depreciation 7,811 7,338 473 6.4 23,610 22,541 1,069 4.7 Professional services 9,048 8,569 479 5.6 21,505 25,357 (3,852) (15.2) Loan servicing 3,778 3,858 (80) (2.1) 11,325 13,296 (1,971) (14.8) Occupancy 2,987 2,471 516 20.9 8,454 7,750 704 9.1 FDIC assessments, non-income taxes and regulatory fees 7,902 8,551 (649) (7.6) 31,607 21,059 10,548 50.1 Advertising and promotion 908 650 258 39.7 2,844 2,245 599 26.7 Legal settlement expense 4,096 (4,096) (100.0) 4,096 (4,096) (100.0) Other 10,279 4,421 5,858 132.5 26,886 14,579 12,307 84.4 Total non-interest expense 104,018 89,466 14,552 16.3 306,639 258,896 47,743 18.4 
 Salaries and employee benefits 
 The 13.9 million increase in salaries and employee benefits for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from an increase in average full-time equivalent team members including the addition of new banking teams, annual merit increases, incentives and severance. 
 The 29.4 million increase in salaries and employee benefits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from an increase in average full-time equivalent team members including the addition of new banking teams, annual merit increases, incentives and severance. 
 Technology, communication and bank operations 
 The 2.1 million decrease in technology, communication and bank operations expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from a decrease in deposit servicing-related expenses resulting from lower servicing fees, partially offset by an increase of 2.9 million in fees for software and processing fees. 
 64 

Table of Content s 

 The 3.1 million increase in technology, communication and bank operations expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from an increase of 9.7 million in fees for software and processing fees, partially offset by a decrease in deposit servicing-related expenses resulting from lower servicing fees and other technology related expenses. 
 Customers incurred expenses of 3.0 million and 7.9 million to BM Technologies under the deposit servicing agreement included within the technology, communication and bank operations expense during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Customers incurred expenses of 17.1 million and 22.8 million to BM Technologies under the deposit servicing agreement included within the technology, communication and bank operations expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The deposit servicing fees of 17.1 million incurred to BM Technologies for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included 7.1 million for periods prior to 2024. 
 Professional services 
 The 0.5 million increase in professional services for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from increases in consulting fees including to enhance the Bank s risk management infrastructure, partially offset by decreases in legal and other professional services. 
 The 3.9 million decrease in professional services for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from decreases in legal and other professional services, partially offset by increases in consulting fees including to enhance the Bank s risk management infrastructure. 
 FDIC assessments, non-income taxes and regulatory fees 
 The 0.6 million decrease in FDIC assessments, non-income taxes and regulatory fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from a decrease in Pennsylvania bank shares taxes. Customers recorded a credit of 3.0 million for Pennsylvania bank shares taxes relating to periods prior to 2024 during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The 10.5 million increase in FDIC assessments, non-income taxes and regulatory fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from an increase in FDIC assessment rates, FDIC premiums of 4.2 million relating to periods prior to 2024 and an increase in the estimated FDIC special assessments of 0.7 million. In November 2023, FDIC issued a final rule to implement a special assessment of 3.36 basis points on the uninsured deposits in excess of 5 billion as of December 31, 2022 to recover the losses arising from the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank in early March 2023. Customers recorded an additional special assessment of 0.7 million based on the updated estimate of the losses from the FDIC for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The special assessment will be paid over eight quarterly periods beginning in the first quarter 2024. Customers had approximately 6.4 billion in uninsured deposits as of December 31, 2022. The total special assessment amount to be paid by Customers may vary based on collections ultimately received by the FDIC to recover its losses. Customers also recorded a credit of 3.0 million for Pennsylvania bank shares taxes relating to periods prior to 2024 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Legal settlement expense 
 The 4.1 million decrease in legal settlement expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 reflects expenses from a settlement with a third party PPP service provider for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The 4.1 million decrease in legal settlement expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflects expenses from a settlement with a third party PPP service provider for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other non-interest expense 
 The 5.9 million increase in other non-interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from increases in fees paid to a fintech company related to consumer installment loans originated and held for sale as a part of the Bank s held for sale strategy, provision for operating losses and the provision for credit losses on unfunded lending-related commitments. 
 65 

Table of Content s 

 The 12.3 million increase in other non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from increases in fees paid to a fintech company related to consumer installment loans originated and held for sale as a part of the Bank s held for sale strategy and the provision for credit losses on unfunded lending-related commitments. 
 
 INCOME TAXES 
 The table below presents income tax expense (benefit) and the effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Three Months Ended September 30, QTD 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, YTD (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Income before income tax expense (benefit) 46,018 110,226 (64,208) (58.3) 188,512 246,852 (58,340) (23.6) Income tax expense (benefit) (725) 23,470 (24,195) (103.1) 33,958 58,801 (24,843) (42.2) Effective tax rate (1.58) 21.29 18.01 23.82 
 The 24.2 million decrease in income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily resulted from lower pre-tax income and an increase in estimated income tax credits for the year ending December 31, 2024, including 14.3 million of investment tax credits generated from commercial clean vehicles during the three months ended September 30, 2024. These investment tax credits from commercial clean vehicle leases were the same amount as the loss on leases of commercial clean vehicles included within net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily resulted from an increase in estimated income tax credits for the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 The 24.8 million decrease in income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily resulted from lower pre-tax income and an increase in estimated income tax credits for the year ending December 31, 2024, including 14.3 million of investment tax credits generated from commercial clean vehicles during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by tax expense on surrendered bank-owned life insurance policies of 4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These investment tax credits from commercial clean vehicle leases were the same amount as the loss on leases of commercial clean vehicles included within net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, when compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily resulted from an increase in estimated income tax credits for the year ending December 31, 2024, partially offset by tax expense on surrendered bank-owned life insurance policies of 4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS 
 Preferred stock dividends were 3.8 million and 3.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Preferred stock dividends were 11.4 million and 10.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. There were no changes to the amount of preferred stock outstanding during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 On June 15, 2021, the Series E Preferred Stock became floating at three-month LIBOR plus 5.14 , compared to a fixed rate of 6.45 . On December 15, 2021, the Series F Preferred Stock became floating at three-month LIBOR plus 4.762 , compared to a fixed rate of 6.00 . Pursuant to the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act enacted by Congress on March 15, 2022, Customers substituted three-month term SOFR plus a tenor spread adjustment of 26.161 basis points for three-month LIBOR as the benchmark reference rate on Series E and F Preferred Stock, plus 5.14 and 4.762 , respectively, beginning with dividends declared on October 25, 2023. 
 66 

Table of Content s 

 Financial Condition 
 General 
 Customers total assets were 21.5 billion at September 30, 2024. This represented an increase of 139.8 million from total assets of 21.3 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in total assets was primarily driven by increases of 563.4 million in loans and leases receivable, 352.5 million in loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value and 6.4 million in investment securities, at fair value, partially offset by decreases of 758.3 million in cash and cash equivalents, 64.9 million in loans held for sale and 38.7 million in investment securities held to maturity. 
 Total liabilities were 19.7 billion at September 30, 2024. This represented a decrease of 23.0 million from 19.7 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease in total liabilities primarily resulted from decreases of 86.0 million in FHLB advances, 61.5 million in accrued interest payable and other liabilities and 24.8 million in other borrowings, partially offset by an increase of 149.2 million in total deposits. 
 The following table sets forth certain key condensed balance sheet data as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Cash and cash equivalents 3,088,022 3,846,346 (758,324) (19.7) Investment securities, at fair value 2,412,069 2,405,640 6,429 0.3 Investment securities held to maturity 1,064,437 1,103,170 (38,733) (3.5) Loans held for sale 275,420 340,317 (64,897) (19.1) Loans and leases receivable 12,527,283 11,963,855 563,428 4.7 Loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value 1,250,413 897,912 352,501 39.3 Allowance for credit losses on loans and leases (133,158) (135,311) 2,153 (1.6) Bank-owned life insurance 295,531 292,193 3,338 1.1 Other assets 455,083 366,829 88,254 24.1 Total assets 21,456,082 21,316,265 139,817 0.7 Total deposits 18,069,389 17,920,236 149,153 0.8 FHLB advances 1,117,229 1,203,207 (85,978) (7.1) Other borrowings 99,033 123,840 (24,807) (20.0) Subordinated debt 182,439 182,230 209 0.1 Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 186,812 248,358 (61,546) (24.8) Total liabilities 19,654,902 19,677,871 (22,969) (0.1) Total shareholders equity 1,801,180 1,638,394 162,786 9.9 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 21,456,082 21,316,265 139,817 0.7 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash and due from banks and interest-earning deposits. Cash and due from banks consists mainly of vault cash and cash items in the process of collection. Cash and due from banks were 39.4 million and 45.2 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Cash and due from banks balances vary from day to day, primarily due to variations in customers deposit activities with the Bank. 
 Interest-earning deposits consist of cash deposited at other banks, primarily the FRB. Interest-earning deposits were 3.0 billion and 3.8 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The balance of interest-earning deposits varies from day to day, depending on several factors, such as fluctuations in customers deposits with Customers, payment of checks drawn on customers accounts and strategic investment and risk management decisions made to optimize Customers net interest income, while effectively managing interest-rate risk and liquidity. The decrease in interest-earning deposits from December 31, 2023 primarily resulted from deploying excess cash into loans and investment securities. 
 67 

Table of Content s 

 Investment securities at fair value 
 The investment securities portfolio is an important source of interest income and liquidity. It consists primarily of mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations guaranteed by agencies of the United States government, asset-backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, commercial mortgage-backed securities, private label collateralized mortgage obligations, corporate notes and certain equity securities. In addition to generating revenue, the investment portfolio is maintained to manage interest-rate risk, provide liquidity, serve as collateral for other borrowings, and diversify the credit risk of interest-earning assets. The portfolio is structured to optimize net interest income given the changes in the economic environment, liquidity position and balance sheet mix. 
 At September 30, 2024, investment securities at fair value totaled 2.4 billion compared to 2.4 billion at December 31, 2023. The slight increase primarily resulted from purchases of 665.8 million in asset-backed securities, agency-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, collateralized loan obligations and corporate notes and an increase in the fair value of AFS debt securities, or a decrease in unrealized losses of 36.4 million primarily due to changes in market interest rates and credit spreads, partially offset by the maturities, calls and principal repayments totaling 458.0 million and the sales of 240.8 million of asset-backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, corporate notes and private label collateralized mortgage obligations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 For financial reporting purposes, AFS debt securities are reported at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on AFS debt securities, other than credit losses, are included in other comprehensive income (loss) and reported as a separate component of shareholders equity, net of the related tax effect. Changes in the fair value of equity securities with a readily determinable fair value and securities reported at fair value based on a fair value option election are recorded in non-interest income in the period in which they occur. Customers recorded a benefit to provision for credit losses of 0.7 million and provision of 0.7 million on certain asset-backed securities and corporate notes included in our investment securities at fair value for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES and NOTE 13 DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 The following table sets forth information about the maturities and weighted-average yield of the AFS debt securities portfolio. The weighted-average yield is computed based on a constant effective interest rate over the contractual life of each security adjusted for prepayment estimates, and considers the contractual coupon, amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts. Yields exclude the impact of related hedging derivatives. September 30, 2024 Within one year After one but within five years After five but within ten years No specific maturity Total Asset-backed securities 1.43 1.43 Agency-guaranteed residential mortgage-backed securities 5.60 5.60 Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations 3.67 3.67 Agency-guaranteed commercial collateralized mortgage obligations 5.04 5.04 Collateralized loan obligations 6.75 6.75 Commercial mortgage-backed securities 6.38 6.38 Corporate notes 9.92 6.64 5.92 6.75 Private label collateralized mortgage obligations 3.93 3.93 Weighted-average yield 9.92 6.64 5.92 3.45 5.24 
 The agency-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations in the AFS portfolio were issued by Ginnie Mae and Freddie Mac, and contain guarantees for the collection of principal and interest on the underlying mortgages. 
 Investment securities held to maturity 
 At September 30, 2024, investment securities held to maturity totaled 1.1 billion compared to 1.1 billion at December 31, 2023. The slight decrease in investment securities held to maturity primarily resulted from the maturities, calls and principal repayments totaling 217.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by purchases of 160.0 million of asset-backed securities in VIEs in connection with the sale of consumer installment loans and 14.8 million of CRA-qualified, agency-guaranteed collateralized mortgage obligations. 
 68 

Table of Content s 

 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Customers sold 202.5 million of personal and other installment loans that were classified as held for sale, inclusive of 53.0 million of personal installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs, to two third-party sponsored VIEs. Customers provided financing to the purchasers for a portion of the sales price in the form of 160.0 million of asset-backed securities collateralized by the sold loans. Customers accounts for its investment in the asset-backed securities as HTM debt securities on the consolidated balance sheet. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 The following table sets forth information about the maturities and weighted-average yield of the investment securities held to maturity. The weighted-average yield is computed based on a constant effective interest rate over the contractual life of each security adjusted for prepayment estimates, and considers the contractual coupon, amortization of premiums, accretion of discounts and amortization of unrealized losses upon transfer from investment securities available for sale to held to maturity, along with the unrealized loss in accumulated other comprehensive income. September 30, 2024 Within one year After one but within five years After five but within ten years No specific maturity Total Asset-backed securities 5.84 5.84 Agency-guaranteed residential mortgage-backed securities 1.80 1.80 Agency-guaranteed commercial mortgage-backed securities 1.77 1.77 Agency-guaranteed residential collateralized mortgage obligations 1.88 1.88 Agency-guaranteed commercial collateralized mortgage obligations 2.36 2.36 Private label collateralized mortgage obligations 4.61 4.61 Weighted-average yield 4.43 4.43 
 The agency-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations in the HTM portfolio were issued by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae, and contain guarantees for the collection of principal and interest on the underlying mortgages. 
 Investment securities classified as HTM are those debt securities that Customers has both the intent and ability to hold to maturity regardless of changes in market conditions, liquidity needs, or changes in general economic conditions. For financial reporting purposes, these securities are reported at cost, adjusted for the amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, computed by a method which approximates the interest method over the terms of the securities. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES and NOTE 13 DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 LOANS AND LEASES 
 Existing lending relationships are primarily with small and middle market businesses and individual consumers primarily in Berks County and Southeastern Pennsylvania (Bucks, Chester and Philadelphia Counties); New York (Westchester and Suffolk Counties and Manhattan); Hamilton, New Jersey; Boston, Massachusetts; Providence, Rhode Island; Portsmouth, New Hampshire; Chicago, Illinois; Dallas, Texas; Wilmington, North Carolina; and nationally for certain loan and deposit products. The portfolio of specialized lending loans and leases and mortgage finance loans is nationwide. The loan portfolio consists primarily of loans to support mortgage companies funding needs, multifamily, commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans. Customers continues to focus on small and middle market business loans to grow its commercial lending efforts, particularly its commercial and industrial loan and lease portfolio and its specialized lending business. Customers also focuses its lending efforts on local-market mortgage and home equity lending and the origination and purchase of unsecured consumer loans (installment loans), including personal, student loan refinancing, home improvement and medical loans through arrangements with fintech companies and other market place lenders nationwide. Customers is transitioning its consumer installment lending strategy from a held for investment to a held for sale business to reduce its exposure to credit risk. 
 Commercial Lending 
 Customers commercial lending is broadly divided into the following groups: small and middle market business banking, specialized banking, multifamily and commercial real estate lending, mortgage finance, and SBA lending. This grouping is designed to allow for greater resource deployment, higher standards of risk management, strong asset quality, lower interest-rate risk and higher productivity levels. 
 69 

Table of Content s 

 As of September 30, 2024, Customers had 12.5 billion in commercial loans outstanding, totaling approximately 89.1 of its total loan and lease portfolio, which includes loans held for sale and loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value, compared to commercial loans outstanding of 11.5 billion, comprising approximately 86.8 of its total loan and lease portfolio at December 31, 2023. 
 The commercial lending group focuses primarily on companies with annual revenues ranging from 1 million to 100 million, which typically have credit requirements between 0.5 million and 10 million. The small and middle market business banking platform originates loans, including SBA loans, through the branch network sales force and a team of dedicated relationship managers. The support administration of this platform is centralized, including technology, risk management, product management, marketing, performance tracking and overall strategy. Credit and sales training has been established for Customers sales force, ensuring that it has small business experts in place providing appropriate financial solutions to the small business owners in its communities. The division approach focuses on industries that offer high asset quality and are deposit rich to drive profitability. 
 Customers specialized banking includes equipment finance, healthcare lending, real estate specialty finance, fund finance, technology and venture capital banking and financial institutions group. Customers lender finance vertical within fund finance provides variable rate loans secured by diverse collateral pools to private debt funds. Customers capital call lines vertical within fund finance provides variable rate loans secured by collateral pools and limited partnership commitments from institutional investors in private equity funds and cash management services to the alternative investment industry. Customers technology and venture capital banking group services the venture-backed growth industry from seed-stage through late-stage. 
 Customers mortgage finance primarily provides financing to mortgage bankers for residential mortgage originations from loan closing until sale in the secondary market. The underlying residential loans are taken as collateral for Customers commercial loans to the mortgage companies. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, mortgage finance loans totaled 1.3 billion and 897.9 million, respectively, and are reported as loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Customers commercial equipment financing group goes to market through the following origination platforms: vendors, intermediaries, direct and capital markets. The commercial equipment financing group is primarily focused on serving the following industries: transportation, construction (includes crane and utility), marine, franchise, general manufacturing (includes machine tool), helicopter/fixed wing, solar, packaging, plastics and food processing. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers had 645.3 million and 547.0 million, respectively, of equipment finance loans outstanding. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers had 254.3 million and 205.7 million, respectively, of equipment finance leases outstanding. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers had 199.9 million and 205.7 million, respectively, of operating leases entered into under this program, net of accumulated depreciation of 88.6 million and 77.7 million, respectively. 
 Customers multifamily lending group is focused on retaining a portfolio of high-quality multifamily loans within Customers covered markets. These lending activities use conservative underwriting standards and primarily target the refinancing of loans with other banks or provide purchase money for new acquisitions by borrowers. The primary collateral for these loans is a first lien mortgage on the multifamily property, plus an assignment of all leases related to such property. As of September 30, 2024, Customers had multifamily loans of 2.1 billion outstanding, comprising approximately 15.1 of the total loan and lease portfolio, compared to 2.1 billion, or approximately 16.2 of the total loan and lease portfolio, at December 31, 2023. 
 Consumer Lending 
 Customers provides unsecured consumer installment loans, residential mortgage and home equity loans to customers nationwide primarily through relationships with fintech companies. Customers has continued to build out its held for sale strategy in 2024 in which we accumulate loans with the intent to sell in the future while reducing consumer installment loans held for investment. The installment loan portfolio consists largely of originated and purchased personal, student loan refinancing, home improvement and medical loans. None of the loans held for investment are considered sub-prime at the time of origination. Customers considers sub-prime borrowers to be those with FICO scores below 660. Customers has been selective in the consumer loans it has been purchasing. Home equity lending is offered to solidify customer relationships and grow relationship revenues in the long term. This lending is important in Customers efforts to grow total relationship revenues for its consumer households. As of September 30, 2024, Customers had 1.5 billion in consumer loans outstanding (including consumer loans held for investment and held for sale), or 10.9 of the total loan and lease portfolio, compared to 1.7 billion, or 13.2 of the total loan and lease portfolio, as of December 31, 2023. 
 70 

Table of Content s 

 Purchases and sales of loans held for investment were as follows for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Purchases (1) 
 Specialized lending 631,252 Other commercial and industrial 602 4,977 8,005 15,285 Commercial real estate owner occupied 2,867 Residential real estate 4,238 Personal installment (2) 
 69,976 113,217 Other installment (2) 
 96,758 96,758 Total 70,578 101,735 121,222 750,400 Sales (3) 
 Specialized lending (4) 
 287,185 Other commercial and industrial (5) 
 6,725 23,708 54,083 Commercial real estate owner occupied (5) 
 5,671 24,522 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 16,000 Personal installment 
 53,021 53,021 Other installment 154,042 Total 53,021 12,396 76,729 535,832 
 (1) Amounts reported in the above table are the unpaid principal balance at time of purchase. The purchase price was 95.9 and 100.0 of the loans unpaid principal balance for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The purchase price was 97.5 and 87.7 of the loans' unpaid principal balance for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Installment loan purchases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 consist of third-party originated unsecured consumer loans. None of the loans held for investment are considered sub-prime at the time of origination. Customers considers sub-prime borrowers to be those with FICO scores below 660. 
 (3) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, sales of loans held for investment resulted in no gain or loss and net losses of 0.2 million, respectively, included in net gain (loss) on sale of loans and leases in the consolidated statements of income. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, sales of loans held for investment resulted in net losses of 0.2 million and net gains of 0.2 million, respectively. 
 (4) Includes a loss of 5.0 million from the sale of 670.0 million of short-term syndicated capital call lines of credit 280.7 million of loans held for investment in unpaid principal balance and 389.3 million of unfunded loan commitments) included in the consolidated statement of income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (5) Primarily sales of SBA loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Loans Held for Sale 
 The composition of loans held for sale as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was as follows: 
 (amounts in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Residential mortgage loans, at fair value 2,523 1,215 Personal installment loans, at lower of cost or fair value 55,799 151,040 Other installment loans, at fair value 217,098 188,062 Total loans held for sale 275,420 340,317 
 Loans held for sale are reported on the consolidated balance sheet at either fair value (due to the election of the fair value option) or at the lower of cost or fair value. An ACL is not recorded on loans that are classified as held for sale. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, Customers sold 202.5 million of personal and other installment loans that were classified as held for sale, inclusive of 53.0 million of personal installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs, to two third-party sponsored VIEs. Customers provided financing to the purchasers for a portion of the sales price in the form of 160.0 million of asset-backed securities while 40.2 million of the remaining sales proceeds were paid in cash. 
 71 

Table of Content s 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, Customers sold 556.7 million of personal and other installment loans that were classified as held for sale, inclusive of 154.0 million of other installment loans transferred from held for investment to held for sale, accrued interest and unamortized deferred loan origination costs, to two third-party sponsored VIEs. Customers provided financing to the purchasers for a portion of the sales price in the form of 436.8 million of asset backed securities while 115.1 million of the remaining sales proceeds were paid in cash. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Total Loans and Leases Receivable 
 The composition of total loans and leases receivable (excluding loans held for sale) was as follows: (amounts in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Loans and leases receivable: Commercial: Commercial and industrial: Specialized lending (1) 
 5,468,507 5,006,693 Other commercial and industrial (2) 
 1,204,426 1,279,147 Multifamily 2,115,978 2,138,622 Commercial real estate owner occupied 981,904 797,319 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 1,326,591 1,177,650 Construction 174,509 166,393 Total commercial loans and leases receivable 11,271,915 10,565,824 Consumer: Residential real estate 500,786 484,435 Manufactured housing 34,481 38,670 Installment: Personal 453,739 555,533 Other 266,362 319,393 Total consumer loans receivable 1,255,368 1,398,031 Loans and leases receivable 12,527,283 11,963,855 Loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value 1,250,413 897,912 Allowance for credit losses on loans and leases (133,158) (135,311) Total loans and leases receivable, net of allowance for credit losses on loans and leases (3) 
 13,644,538 12,726,456 
 (1) Includes direct finance and sales-type equipment leases of 254.3 million and 205.7 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Includes PPP loans of 30.5 million and 74.7 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Includes deferred (fees) costs and unamortized (discounts) premiums, net of (18.1) million and (22.7) million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value 
 The mortgage finance product line primarily provides financing to mortgage companies nationwide from the time of origination of the underlying mortgage loans until the mortgage loans are sold into the secondary market. As a mortgage finance lender, Customers provides a form of financing to mortgage bankers by purchasing for resale the underlying residential mortgages on a short-term basis under a master repurchase agreement. These loans are reported as loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. Because these loans are reported at their fair value, they do not have an ACL and are therefore excluded from ACL-related disclosures. At September 30, 2024, all of Customers mortgage finance loans were current in terms of payment. 
 Customers is subject to the risks associated with such lending, including, but not limited to, the risks of fraud, bankruptcy and default of the mortgage banker or of the underlying residential borrower, any of which could result in credit losses. Customers mortgage finance lending team members monitor these mortgage originators by obtaining financial and other relevant information to reduce these risks during the lending period. Loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value totaled 1.3 billion and 897.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 72 

Table of Content s 

 Credit Risk 
 Customers manages credit risk by maintaining diversification in its loan and lease portfolio, establishing and enforcing prudent underwriting standards and collection efforts, and continuous and periodic loan and lease classification reviews. Management also considers the effect of credit risk on financial performance by reviewing quarterly and maintaining an adequate ACL. Credit losses are charged-off when they are identified, and provisions are added for current expected credit losses, to the ACL at least quarterly. The ACL is estimated at least quarterly. 
 The provision for credit losses on loans and leases was 17.8 million and 51.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The provision for credit losses on loans and leases was 17.1 million and 57.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The ACL maintained for loans and leases receivable (excluding loans held for sale and loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value) was 133.2 million, or 1.06 of loans and leases receivable at September 30, 2024, and 135.3 million or 1.13 of loans and leases receivable at December 31, 2023. 
 The decrease in the ACL resulted primarily from slight improvements in macroeconomic forecasts and a decrease in consumer installment loan balances held for investment. Net charge-offs were 17.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 0.5 million compared to the same period in 2023. Net charge-offs were 53.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 2.0 million compared to the same period in 2023. The net charge-offs for nine months ended September 30, 2023 excluded 6.2 million of charge-offs for certain PCD loans acquired from the FDIC applied against 8.7 million of allowance for credit losses on PCD loans recognized upon acquisition of the venture banking loan portfolio on June 15, 2023. The increase in net charge-offs, excluding the charge-offs for certain PCD loans acquired from the FDIC, was primarily due to higher charge-offs for commercial and industrial loans, partially offset by decreases in charge-offs for non-owner occupied commercial real estate and consumer installment loans. Refer to the tables of changes in Customers ACL for annualized net-charge offs to average loans by loan type for the periods indicated. 
 The tables below present changes in Customers ACL for the periods indicated. 
 (amounts in thousands) Commercial and industrial (1)(2) 
 Multifamily Commercial real estate owner occupied Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Construction Residential real estate Manufactured housing Installment Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Ending Balance, 
 June 30, 2024 
 23,721 20,652 8,431 17,966 1,856 5,884 4,094 49,832 132,436 Charge-offs (3) 
 (6,538) (2,167) (4) (19) (12,496) (21,224) Recoveries (3) 
 1,482 3 40 2,655 4,180 Provision (benefit) for credit losses on loans and leases 6,526 (395) 2,486 (663) (253) (68) (13) 10,146 17,766 Ending Balance, September 30, 2024 25,191 18,090 10,913 17,303 1,606 5,837 4,081 50,137 133,158 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Ending Balance, December 31, 2023 23,503 16,343 9,882 16,859 1,482 6,586 4,239 56,417 135,311 Charge-offs (3) 
 (19,282) (4,073) (26) (38) (43,356) (66,775) Recoveries (3) 
 4,889 10 61 8,092 13,052 Provision (benefit) for credit losses on loans and leases 16,081 5,820 1,057 444 114 (772) (158) 28,984 51,570 Ending Balance, September 30, 2024 25,191 18,090 10,913 17,303 1,606 5,837 4,081 50,137 133,158 Annualized Net Charge-offs to Average Loans and Leases Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 (0.31) (0.42) 0.00 0.01 0.02 (5.37) (0.56) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (0.30) (0.26) 0.00 0.01 0.01 (6.02) (0.60) 
 73 

Table of Content s 

 (amounts in thousands) Commercial and industrial (1)(2) 
 Multifamily Commercial real estate owner occupied Commercial real estate non-owner occupied Construction Residential real estate Manufactured housing Installment Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Ending Balance, 
 June 30, 2023 
 29,092 15,400 10,215 13,495 2,639 6,846 4,338 57,631 139,656 Charge-offs (3) 
 (9,008) (1,999) (39) (42) (18,932) (30,020) Recoveries (3) 
 6,034 29 6,459 12,522 Provision (benefit) for credit losses on loans and leases (1,132) 2,469 187 2,324 491 (31) (258) 13,005 17,055 Ending Balance, September 30, 2023 24,986 15,870 10,363 15,819 3,130 6,802 4,080 58,163 139,213 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Ending Balance, December 31, 2022 17,582 14,541 6,454 11,219 1,913 6,094 4,430 68,691 130,924 Allowance for credit losses on FDIC PCD loans, net of charge-offs (4) 
 2,576 2,576 Charge-offs (3) 
 (9,600) (3,447) (39) (4,527) (69) (52,031) (69,713) Recoveries (3) 
 6,439 34 27 116 34 11,350 18,000 Provision (benefit) for credit losses on loans and leases 7,989 4,776 3,914 9,100 1,101 743 (350) 30,153 57,426 Ending Balance, September 30, 2023 24,986 15,870 10,363 15,819 3,130 6,802 4,080 58,163 139,213 Annualized Net Charge-offs to Average Loans and Leases Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (0.18) (0.37) (0.02) (0.01) (4.83) (0.56) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (0.09) (0.32) 0.00 (0.73) 0.12 (0.01) (6.80) (0.79) 
 (1) Includes specialized lending. 
 (2) PPP loans include an embedded credit enhancement from the SBA, which guarantees 100 of the principal and interest owed by the borrower provided that the SBA s eligibility criteria are met. As a result, the eligible PPP loans do not have an ACL. 
 (3) Charge-offs and recoveries on PCD loans that are accounted for in pools are recognized on a net basis when the pool matures. 
 (4) Represents 8.7 million of allowance for credit losses on PCD loans recognized upon acquisition of a venture banking loan portfolio (included within specialized lending) from the FDIC on June 15, 2023, net of 6.2 million of charge-offs for certain of these PCD loans upon acquisition. 
 The ACL is based on a quarterly evaluation of the loan and lease portfolio held for investment and is maintained at a level that management considers adequate to absorb expected losses as of the balance sheet date. All commercial loans, with the exception of PPP loans and mortgage finance loans, which are reported at fair value, are assigned internal credit-risk ratings, based upon an assessment of the borrower, the structure of the transaction and the available collateral and/or guarantees. All loans and leases are monitored regularly by the responsible officer, and the risk ratings are adjusted when considered appropriate. The risk assessment allows management to identify problem loans and leases timely. Management considers a variety of factors and recognizes the inherent risk of loss that always exists in the lending process. Management uses a disciplined methodology to estimate an appropriate level of ACL. Refer to Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates herein and NOTE 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION to Customers audited consolidated financial statements in its 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion on management s methodology for estimating the ACL. 
 74 

Table of Content s 

 Customers commercial real estate, commercial and residential construction, consumer residential and commercial and industrial loan types have real estate as collateral (collectively, the real estate portfolio primarily in the form of a first lien position. Current appraisals providing current value estimates of the property are received when Customers credit group determines that the facts and circumstances have significantly changed since the date of the last appraisal, including that real estate values have deteriorated. The credit committee and loan officers review loans that are 15 or more days delinquent and all non-accrual loans on a periodic basis. In addition, loans where the loan officers have identified a borrower of interest are discussed to determine if additional analysis is necessary to apply the risk-rating criteria properly. The risk ratings for the real estate loan portfolio are determined based upon the current information available, including but not limited to discussions with the borrower, updated financial information, economic conditions within the geographic area and other factors that may affect the cash flow of the loan. If a loan is individually evaluated for impairment, the collateral value or discounted cash flow analysis is generally used to determine the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, net of estimated selling costs, and compared to the outstanding loan balance to determine the amount of reserve necessary, if any. Appraisals used in this evaluation process are typically less than two years aged. For loans where real estate is not the primary source of collateral, updated financial information is obtained, including accounts receivable and inventory aging reports and relevant supplemental financial data to estimate the fair value of the loan, net of estimated selling costs, and compared to the outstanding loan balance to estimate the required reserve. Customers exposure to higher risk commercial real estate such as the office sector is minimal, representing approximately 1 of the total loan and lease portfolio as of September 30, 2024. 
 These impairment measurements are inherently subjective as they require material estimates, including, among others, estimates of property values in appraisals, the amounts and timing of expected future cash flows on individual loans, and general considerations for historical loss experience, economic conditions, uncertainties in estimating losses and inherent risks in the various credit portfolios, all of which require judgment and may be susceptible to significant change over time and as a result of changing economic conditions or other factors. Pursuant to ASC 326, individually assessed loans, consisting primarily of non-accrual and restructured loans, are considered in the methodology for determining the ACL. Individually assessed loans are generally evaluated based on the expected future cash flows or the fair value of the underlying collateral if principal repayment is expected to substantially come from the operation of the collateral or fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell if repayment of the loan is expected to be provided from the sale of such collateral. Shortfalls in the underlying collateral value for loans or leases determined to be collateral dependent are charged off immediately. Subsequent to an appraisal or other fair value estimate, management will assess whether there was a further decline in the value of the collateral based on changes in market conditions or property use that would require additional impairment to be recorded to reflect the particular situation, thereby increasing the ACL on loans and leases held for investment. 
 Asset Quality 
 Customers classifies the loan and lease receivables by product or other characteristic generally defining a shared characteristic with other loans or leases in the same group. Charge-offs from originated and acquired loans and leases held for investment are absorbed by the ACL. The schedule that follows includes both loans held for sale and loans held for investment. 
 75 

Table of Content s 

 Asset Quality at September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands) Total Loans and Leases Current 30-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due and Accruing Non-accrual/NPL (a) OREO and Repossessed Assets (b) NPA (a)+(b) NPL to Loan and Lease Type ) NPA to Loans and Leases + OREO and Repossessed Assets ) Loan and Lease Type Commercial and industrial, including specialized lending (1) 
 6,672,933 6,667,097 1,200 21 4,615 4,615 0.07 0.07 Multifamily 2,115,978 2,104,144 391 11,834 11,834 0.56 0.56 Commercial real estate owner occupied 981,904 972,900 293 8,613 8,613 0.88 0.88 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 1,326,591 1,325,535 763 763 0.06 0.06 Construction 174,509 174,509 Total commercial loans and leases receivable 11,271,915 11,244,185 1,884 21 25,825 25,825 0.23 0.23 Residential 500,786 483,871 8,918 7,997 7,997 1.60 1.60 Manufactured housing 34,481 31,395 823 394 1,869 1,869 5.42 5.42 Installment 720,101 701,210 12,563 6,328 6,328 0.88 0.88 Total consumer loans receivable 1,255,368 1,216,476 22,304 394 16,194 16,194 1.29 1.29 Loans and leases receivable 
 12,527,283 12,460,661 24,188 415 42,019 42,019 0.34 0.34 Loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value 
 1,250,413 1,250,413 Total loans held for sale 275,420 264,073 6,040 5,307 5,307 1.93 1.93 Total portfolio 14,053,116 13,975,147 30,228 415 47,326 47,326 0.34 0.34 
 
 Asset Quality at September 30, 2024 (continued) (dollars in thousands) Total Loans and Leases Non-accrual / NPL ACL Reserves to Loans and Leases ) Reserves to NPLs ) Loan and Lease Type Commercial and industrial, including specialized lending (1) 
 6,672,933 4,615 25,191 0.38 545.85 Multifamily 2,115,978 11,834 18,090 0.85 152.86 Commercial real estate owner occupied 981,904 8,613 10,913 1.11 126.70 Commercial real estate non-owner occupied 1,326,591 763 17,303 1.30 2267.76 Construction 174,509 1,606 0.92 Total commercial loans and leases receivable 11,271,915 25,825 73,103 0.65 283.07 Residential 500,786 7,997 5,838 1.17 73.00 Manufactured housing 34,481 1,869 4,080 11.83 218.30 Installment 720,101 6,328 50,137 6.96 792.30 Total consumer loans receivable 1,255,368 16,194 60,055 4.78 370.85 Loans and leases receivable 
 12,527,283 42,019 133,158 1.06 316.90 Loans receivable, mortgage finance, at fair value 
 1,250,413 Total loans held for sale 275,420 5,307 Total portfolio 14,053,116 47,326 133,158 0.95 281.36 
 (1) Includes PPP loans of 30.5 million within commercial and industrial, including specialized lending, and classified as current. PPP loans of 0.5 million were 30-59 days past due and 17.1 million were 60 days or more past due as of September 30, 2024. PPP loans were 74.7 million, of which 0.7 million were 30-59 days past due and 48.5 million were 60 days or more past due as of December 31, 2023. Claims for guarantee payments are submitted to the SBA for eligible PPP loans more than 60 days past due. 
 The total loan and lease portfolio was 14.1 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 13.2 billion at December 31, 2023, and 47.3 million, or 0.34 of loans and leases, were non-performing at September 30, 2024 compared to 27.1 million, or 0.21 of loans and leases, at December 31, 2023. The total loan and lease portfolio was supported by an ACL of 133.2 million (281.36 of NPLs and 0.95 of total loans and leases) and 135.3 million (499.12 of NPLs and 1.02 of total loans and leases), at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 76 

Table of Content s 

 DEPOSITS 
 Customers offers a variety of deposit accounts, including checking, savings, MMDA, and time deposits. Deposits are primarily obtained from Customers geographic service area and nationwide through our single point of contact relationship managers, our branchless digital banking products, our white label relationship, deposit brokers, listing services and other relationships. 
 In April 2024, Customers onboarded 10 experienced commercial and business banking teams in New York, California and Nevada to accelerate the Bank s deposit growth potential. The new teams are expected to enhance its presence in New York City, where it has successfully operated for over seven years; reinforce its dedication to Los Angeles; add representation in Orange County, California; and bring client coverage to the communities of Reno and Las Vegas, Nevada. All newly onboarded bankers are highly respected in the commercial deposits space and augment existing expertise in private banking, treasury management, and commercial and industrial lending. They are expected to enhance the growth of the Bank s low-cost, relationship-focused deposit portfolio, and their addition strengthens the Bank s commitment to its single point of contact relationship-oriented service approach. 
 Customers Bank also provides TassatPay TM instant blockchain-based digital payments platform via CBIT TM , which allows clients to make instant payments in U.S. dollars. CBIT may only be created by, transferred to and redeemed by commercial customers of Customers Bank on the instant B2B payments platform by maintaining U.S. dollars in deposit accounts at Customers Bank. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers Bank held 2.8 billion of deposits from customers participating in CBIT, which are reported as deposit liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024, substantially all the CBIT-related deposit accounts are non-interest bearing. Each CBIT is minted with precisely one U.S. dollar equivalent, and those dollars are held in a non-interest bearing omnibus deposit account until the CBIT is burned or redeemed. The number of CBIT outstanding in the CBIT instant payments platform is always equal to the U.S. dollars held in the omnibus deposit account at Customers Bank and is reported as a deposit liability in the consolidated balance sheet. The deposits from customers participating in CBIT include the omnibus deposit account established for the CBIT instant payments platform, which had an outstanding balance of 1.2 billion and 826.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The components of deposits were as follows at the dates indicated: (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Demand, non-interest bearing 4,670,809 4,422,494 248,315 5.6 Demand, interest bearing 5,606,500 5,580,527 25,973 0.5 Savings, including MMDA 5,360,996 4,629,336 731,660 15.8 Non-time deposits 15,638,305 14,632,357 1,005,948 6.9 Time deposits 2,431,084 3,287,879 (856,795) (26.1) Total deposits 18,069,389 17,920,236 149,153 0.8 
 Total deposits were 18.1 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 149.2 million, or 0.8 , from 17.9 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase in total deposits was primarily due to increases in savings, including MMDA of 731.7 million, or 15.8 , to 5.4 billion at September 30, 2024, from 4.6 billion at December 31, 2023, non-interest bearing demand deposits of 248.3 million, or 5.6 , to 4.7 billion at September 30, 2024 from 4.4 billion at December 31, 2023 and interest bearing demand deposits of 26.0 million, or 0.5 , to 5.6 billion at September 30, 2024, from 5.6 billion at December 31, 2023. The increases were partially offset by a decrease in time deposits of 856.8 million, or 26.1 , to 2.4 billion at September 30, 2024, from 3.3 billion at December 31, 2023. 
 The total amount of estimated uninsured deposits totaled 6.1 billion and 5.4 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Time deposits greater than the FDIC limit of 250,000 totaled 643.0 million and 186.3 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank had 1.5 billion and 1.1 billion in deposits, respectively, to which it had pledged 1.4 billion and 1.1 billion of available borrowing capacity through the FHLB to the depositors through a standby letter of credit arrangement, respectively. 
 FHLB ADVANCES AND OTHER BORROWINGS 
 Borrowed funds from various sources are generally used to supplement deposit growth and meet other operating needs. Customers borrowings include short-term and long-term advances from the FHLB, FRB, federal funds purchased, senior unsecured notes and subordinated debt. Subordinated debt is also considered as Tier 2 capital for certain regulatory calculations. 
 77 

Table of Content s 

 Short-term debt 
 There weas no short-term debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Long-term debt 
 FHLB and FRB Advances 
 Long-term FHLB and FRB advances at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Amount Rate Amount Rate FHLB advances (1) 
 1,117,229 (2) 
 4.24 (3) 
 1,203,207 3.91 Total long-term FHLB and FRB advances 1,117,229 1,203,207 
 (1) Amounts reported in the above table include fixed rate long-term advances from FHLB of 950.0 million with maturities ranging from March 2025 to March 2028, and variable rate long-term advances from FHLB of 155.0 million with maturities ranging from March 2028 to June 2029 with a returnable option that can be repaid without penalty on certain predetermined dates at Customers Bank s option, at September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Includes 12.2 million and 3.2 million of unamortized basis adjustments from interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of long-term advances from FHLB at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Refer to NOTE 14 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 (3) Excludes the effect of interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of long-term advances from FHLB. 
 The maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB and FRB at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was as follows: 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB 3,565,068 3,474,347 Total maximum borrowing capacity with the FRB 
 4,180,824 3,436,000 Qualifying loans and securities serving as collateral against FHLB and FRB advances 
 9,508,135 8,575,137 
 Senior Notes and Subordinated Debt 
 Long-term senior notes and subordinated debt at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: 
 (dollars in thousands) Carrying Amount Issued by Ranking September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Rate Issued Amount Date Issued Maturity Price Customers Bancorp Senior (1) 
 99,033 98,928 2.875 100,000 August 2021 August 2031 100.000 Customers Bancorp Senior 24,912 4.500 25,000 September 2019 September 2024 100.000 Total other borrowings 99,033 123,840 Customers Bancorp Subordinated (2)(3) 
 72,902 72,766 5.375 74,750 December 2019 December 2034 100.000 Customers Bank Subordinated (2)(4) 
 109,537 109,464 6.125 110,000 June 2014 June 2029 100.000 Total subordinated debt 182,439 182,230 
 (1) The senior notes will bear an annual fixed rate of 2.875 until August 15, 2026. From August 15, 2026 until maturity, the notes will bear an annual interest rate equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be the three-month term SOFR, plus 235 basis points. Customers Bancorp has the ability to call the senior notes, in whole, or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal balance at certain times on or after August 15, 2026. 
 (2) The subordinated notes qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes. 
 (3) Customers Bancorp has the ability to call the subordinated notes, in whole, or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal balance at certain times on or after December 30, 2029. 
 (4) The subordinated notes had an annual fixed rate of 6.125 until June 26, 2024. From June 26, 2024 until maturity, the notes bear an annual interest rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 344.3 basis points. Pursuant to the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act enacted by Congress on March 15, 2022, Customers substituted three-month term SOFR plus a tenor spread adjustment of 26.161 basis points for three-month LIBOR as the benchmark reference rate in order to calculate the annual interest rate after June 26, 2024. Customers Bank has the ability to call the subordinated notes, in whole, or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal balance at certain times on or after June 26, 2024. 
 78 

Table of Content s 

 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 The components of shareholders' equity were as follows at the dates indicated: (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Change Preferred stock 137,794 137,794 Common stock 35,734 35,459 275 0.8 Additional paid in capital 571,609 564,538 7,071 1.3 Retained earnings 1,302,745 1,159,582 143,163 12.3 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net (106,082) (136,569) 30,487 (22.3) Treasury stock (140,620) (122,410) (18,210) 14.9 Total shareholders' equity 1,801,180 1,638,394 162,786 9.9 
 Shareholders equity increased 162.8 million, or 9.9 , to 1.8 billion at September 30, 2024 when compared to shareholders equity of 1.6 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase primarily resulted from increases of 143.2 million in retained earnings and 30.5 million in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net. 
 The increases in common stock and additional paid in capital resulted primarily from the issuance of common stock under share-based compensation arrangements for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The increase in retained earnings resulted from net income of 154.6 million, partially offset by preferred stock dividends of 11.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The increase in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net primarily resulted from a decrease of 36.4 million in unrealized losses on AFS debt securities due to changes in interest rates and credit spreads and income tax effect of 9.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The increase in treasury stock resulted from repurchases of 373,974 shares of its common stock for 18.2 million under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. On June 26, 2024, the Board of Directors of Customers Bancorp authorized a new common stock repurchase program, the 2024 Share Repurchase Program, to repurchase up to 497,509 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company s previously authorized common stock repurchase program, the Share Repurchase Program, authorized on August 25, 2021, subsequently expired on September 27, 2023. At expiration, the Share Repurchase Program had 497,509 shares that had not been repurchased. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Liquidity for a financial institution is a measure of that institution s ability to meet depositors needs for funds, to satisfy or fund loan and lease commitments and for other operating purposes. Ensuring adequate liquidity is an objective of the asset/liability management process. Customers coordinates its management of liquidity with its interest rate sensitivity and capital position, and strives to maintain a strong liquidity position that is sufficient to meet Customers short-term and long-term needs, commitments and contractual obligations. 
 Customers is involved with financial instruments and other commitments with off-balance sheet risks. Financial instruments with off-balance sheet risks are incurred in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of the Bank s customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, including unused portions of lines of credit, and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 With commitments to extend credit, exposure to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the other party to the financial instrument is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The same credit policies are used in making commitments and conditional obligations as for on-balance sheet instruments. Because they involve credit risk similar to extending a loan and lease, these financial instruments are subject to the Bank s credit policy and other underwriting standards. 
 Customers recognized a provision for credit losses on unfunded lending-related commitments of 0.6 million and 2.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, resulting in an ACL of 5.6 million as of September 30, 2024. Customers had an ACL on unfunded lending-related commitments of 2.9 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 Customers contractual obligations and other commitments representing required and potential cash outflows include operating leases, demand deposits, time deposits, long-term advances from FHLB, unsecured senior notes, subordinated debt, loan and other commitments as of September 30, 2024. Refer to NOTE 8 LEASES , NOTE 9 DEPOSITS and NOTE 10 BORROWINGS to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 79 

Table of Content s 

 At September 30, 2024, Customers had 3.1 billion of cash on hand and 3.5 billion of investment securities. Customers investment portfolio, including debt securities available for sale and held to maturity provides periodic cash flows through regular maturities and amortization and can be used as collateral to secure additional funding. We maintain a strong liquidity position, with approximately 8.3 billion of liquidity immediately available consisting of cash on hand and available borrowing capacity from the FHLB and the FRB, which covered approximately 136 of uninsured deposits and approximately 183 of uninsured deposits less collateralized and affiliate deposits at September 30, 2024. Our loan to deposit ratio was 78 at September 30, 2024. Customers principal sources of funds are deposits, borrowings, principal and interest payments on loans and leases, other funds from operations, and proceeds from common and preferred stock issuances. Borrowing arrangements are maintained with the FHLB and the FRB to meet short-term liquidity needs. Longer-term borrowing arrangements are also maintained with the FHLB and the FRB. As of September 30, 2024, Customers borrowing capacity with the FHLB was 3.6 billion, of which 1.1 billion was utilized in borrowings and 1.4 billion of available capacity was utilized to collateralize deposits. As of December 31, 2023, Customers borrowing capacity with the FHLB was 3.5 billion, of which 1.2 billion was utilized in borrowings and 1.1 billion of available capacity was utilized to collateralize deposits. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers borrowing capacity with the FRB was 4.2 billion and 3.4 billion, respectively. None of this capacity was utilized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Customers Bank provides blockchain-based digital payments via CBIT, which allows clients to make instant payments in U.S. dollars. CBIT may only be created or minted by, transferred to and redeemed by commercial customers of Customers Bank on the instant B2B payments platform by maintaining U.S. dollars in deposit accounts at Customers Bank. CBIT is not listed or traded on any digital currency exchange. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers Bank held 2.8 billion of deposits from customers participating in CBIT, which are reported as deposit liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024, substantially all the CBIT-related deposit accounts are non-interest bearing. 
 The CBIT instant payments platform provides a closed-system for intrabank commercial transactions and is not intended to be a trading platform for tokens or digital assets. CBIT tokens are used only in connection with the CBIT instant payments platform and are not securities for purposes of applicable securities laws. There are no scenarios in which the transaction or redemption value of one CBIT would not be equal to one U.S. dollar. Each CBIT is minted with precisely one U.S. dollar equivalent, and those dollars are held in a non-interest bearing omnibus deposit account until the CBIT is burned or redeemed. The number of CBIT outstanding in the CBIT instant payments platform is always equal to the U.S. dollars held in the omnibus deposit account at Customers Bank and is reported as a deposit liability in the consolidated balance sheet. The deposits from customers participating in CBIT include the omnibus deposit account, which had an outstanding balance of 1.2 billion and 826.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The table below summarizes Customers cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 11,655 243,106 (231,451) (95.2) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (745,024) 1,997,172 (2,742,196) (137.3) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (24,955) 723,890 (748,845) (103.4) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (758,324) 2,964,168 (3,722,492) (125.6) 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities of 11.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted from proceeds from the sales and repayments of loans held for sale of 952.3 million, which included cash proceeds from the sales of consumer installment loans that were classified as held for sale to third-party sponsored VIEs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income of 154.6 million and net non-cash operating adjustments of 56.5 million, partially offset by origination and purchases of loans held for sale of 1.0 billion, a decrease in accrued interest payable and other liabilities of 61.3 million and an increase in accrued interest receivable and other assets of 56.4 million. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of consumer installment loans held for sale to third-party sponsored VIEs. 
 Cash provided by operating activities of 243.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 resulted from proceeds from the sales and repayments of loans held for sale of 454.9 million, which included cash proceeds from the sales of consumer installment loans that were classified as held for sale to third-party sponsored VIEs during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net income of 188.1 million, net non-cash operating adjustments of 36.3 million, an increase in accrued interest payable and other liabilities of 33.3 million and a decrease in accrued interest receivable and other assets of 0.9 million, partially offset by origination and purchases of loans held for sale of 470.3 million. Refer to NOTE 5 INVESTMENT SECURITIES to Customers unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of consumer installment loans held for sale to third-party sponsored VIEs. 
 80 

Table of Content s 

 Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 
 Cash used in investing activities of 745.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily resulted from purchases of investment securities available for sale of 665.8 million and CRA-qualified investment securities held to maturity of 14.8 million, net increase in loans and leases, excluding mortgage finance loans of 538.6 million, net origination of mortgage finance loans of 353.1 million, purchases of loans of 121.2 million and purchases of leased assets under lessor operating leases of 31.3 million, partially offset by proceeds from maturities, calls, and principal repayments of investment securities available for sale of 458.0 million and held to maturity of 217.3 million, proceeds from sales of investment securities available for sale of 240.8 million, proceeds from sales of loans and leases of 34.4 million, net proceeds from sale of FHLB, Federal Reserve Bank, and other restricted stock of 15.5 million and proceeds from sales of leased assets under lessor operating leases of 14.6 million. 
 Cash provided by investing activities of 2.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from a net decrease in loans and leases, excluding mortgage finance loans of 1.6 billion primarily from PPP loan forgiveness and guarantee payments by the SBA, proceeds from the sales of loans and leases of 409.5 million including the sales of capital call lines of credit held for investment, proceeds from net repayments of mortgage finance loans of 380.9 million, proceeds from maturities, calls, and principal repayments of investment securities available for sale of 228.5 million and held to maturity of 175.9 million, proceeds from surrenders of BOLI of 56.6 million and proceeds from sales of investment securities available for sale of 4.1 million, partially offset by purchases of loans of 702.4 million including loans purchased from the FDIC, purchases of investment securities held to maturity of 73.1 million, net purchases of FHLB, Federal Reserve Bank, and other restricted stock of 51.7 million and purchases of leased asset under lessor operating leases of 20.3 million. 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 
 Cash used in financing activities of 25.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily resulted from repayments of long-term borrowed funds from the FHLB and the FRB of 250.0 million, repayments of other long-term borrowings of 25.0 million, purchases of treasury stock of 18.2 million and dividends paid on preferred stock of 11.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from long-term borrowed funds from the FHLB and the FRB of 155.0 million and a net increase in deposits of 128.4 million. 
 Cash provided by financing activities of 723.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily resulted from proceeds from long-term borrowed funds from the FHLB and the FRB of 2.6 billion and a net increase in deposits of 36.6 million, partially offset by repayments of long-term borrowed funds from the FHLB and the FRB of 1.5 billion, a net decrease in short-term borrowed funds from the FHLB of 300.0 million and purchases of treasury stock of 39.8 million. 
 CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
 The Bank and the Bancorp are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on Customers financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank and the Bancorp must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under the regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. Prompt corrective action provisions are not applicable to bank holding companies. 
 In first quarter 2020, the U.S federal banking regulatory agencies permitted banking organizations to phase-in, for regulatory capital purposes, the day-one impact of the new CECL accounting rule on retained earnings over a period of three years. As part of its response to the impact of COVID-19, on March 31, 2020, the U.S. federal banking regulatory agencies issued an interim final rule that provided the option to temporarily delay certain effects of CECL on regulatory capital for two years, followed by a three-year transition period. The interim final rule allows banking organizations to delay for two years 100 of the day-one impact of adopting CECL and 25 of the cumulative change in the reported allowance for credit losses since adopting CECL. Customers has elected to adopt the interim final rule, which is reflected in the regulatory capital data presented below. The cumulative CECL capital transition impact as of December 31, 2021 which amounted to 61.6 million will be phased in at 25 per year beginning on January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, our regulatory capital ratios reflected 25 , or 15.4 million, benefit associated with the CECL transition provisions. 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank and the Bancorp to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the following table) of common equity Tier 1, Tier 1, and total capital to risk-weighted assets, and Tier 1 capital to average assets (as defined in the regulations). At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank and the Bancorp met all capital adequacy requirements to which they were subject. 
 81 

Table of Content s 

 Generally, to comply with the regulatory definition of adequately capitalized, or well capitalized, respectively, or to comply with the Basel III capital requirements, an institution must at least maintain the common equity Tier 1, Tier 1, and total risk-based capital ratios and the Tier 1 leverage ratio in excess of the related minimum ratios set forth in the following table: Minimum Capital Levels to be Classified as: Actual Adequately Capitalized Well Capitalized Basel III Compliant (dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of September 30, 2024: Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. 1,777,683 12.463 641,885 4.500 N/A N/A 998,488 7.000 Customers Bank 1,943,059 13.636 641,212 4.500 926,125 6.500 997,441 7.000 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. 1,915,476 13.429 855,847 6.000 N/A N/A 1,212,450 8.500 Customers Bank 1,943,059 13.636 854,949 6.000 1,139,932 8.000 1,211,178 8.500 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. 2,191,266 15.362 1,141,129 8.000 N/A N/A 1,497,732 10.500 Customers Bank 2,145,947 15.060 1,139,932 8.000 1,424,916 10.000 1,496,161 10.500 Tier 1 capital (to average assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. 1,915,476 8.947 856,386 4.000 N/A N/A 856,386 4.000 Customers Bank 1,943,059 9.082 855,807 4.000 1,069,759 5.000 855,807 4.000 As of December 31, 2023: Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. 1,661,149 12.230 611,200 4.500 N/A N/A 950,755 7.000 Customers Bank 1,868,360 13.773 610,453 4.500 881,765 6.500 949,594 7.000 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. 1,798,942 13.245 814,933 6.000 N/A N/A 1,154,489 8.500 Customers Bank 1,868,360 13.773 813,937 6.000 1,085,250 8.000 1,153,078 8.500 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. 2,076,550 15.289 1,086,578 8.000 N/A N/A 1,426,133 10.500 Customers Bank 2,073,202 15.283 1,085,250 8.000 1,356,562 10.000 1,424,390 10.500 Tier 1 capital (to average assets) Customers Bancorp, Inc. 1,798,942 8.375 859,189 4.000 N/A N/A 859,189 4.000 Customers Bank 1,868,360 8.708 858,225 4.000 1,072,782 5.000 858,225 4.000 
 The Basel III Capital Rules require that we maintain a 2.500 capital conservation buffer with respect to each of common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 and total capital to risk-weighted assets, which provides for capital levels that exceed the minimum risk-based capital adequacy requirements. A financial institution with a conservation buffer of less than the required amount is subject to limitations on capital distributions, including dividend payments and stock repurchases, and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank and the Bancorp were in compliance with the Basel III requirements. 
 
 Effect of Government Monetary Policies 
 Our earnings are and will be affected by domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States government and its agencies. An important function of the Federal Reserve Board is to regulate the money supply and interest rates. Among the instruments used to implement those objectives are open market operations in United States government securities and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans and leases, investments, and deposits, and their use may also affect rates charged on loans and leases or paid for deposits. 
 82 

Table of Content s 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 The largest part of Customers net income is net interest income, and the majority of its financial instruments are interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities with various term structures and maturities. One of the primary goals of management is to optimize net interest income while minimizing interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is derived from timing differences in the repricing of assets and liabilities, loan prepayments, deposit withdrawals and differences in lending and funding rates. Customers asset/liability committee actively looks to monitor and control the economic impact of changes in interest rates on the mix of interest rate sensitive assets and interest rate sensitive liabilities. 
 Customers uses two complementary methods to effectively measure and manage interest rate risk. The two types of simulation analysis used to determine the impact of changes in interest rates under various hypothetical interest rate scenarios are income scenario modeling and estimates of economic value (EVE). The combination of these two methods supplies a reasonably comprehensive summary of the levels of interest rate risk of Customers exposure to time factors and changes in interest rate environments. 
 Income scenario modeling is used to measure interest rate sensitivity and manage interest rate risk over a near term horizon. Income scenario considers not only the impact of changing market interest rates upon forecasted net interest income but also other factors such as yield curve relationships, the volume and mix of assets and liabilities, customer preferences and general market conditions. 
 Through the use of income scenario modeling, Customers has estimated the net interest income for the twelve months ending September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, based upon the assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet financial instruments including derivatives in existence at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Customers has also estimated changes to that projected twelve-month net interest income based upon interest rates rising or falling immediately rate shocks ). For upward rate shocks modeling a rising rate environment at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers used a parallel and sustained shift in interest rates, in which the base market interest rate forecast was immediately increased by 100, 200, and 300 basis points. For downward rate shocks modeling a falling rate environment at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Customers used a parallel and sustained shift in interest rates, in which the base market interest rate forecast was immediately decreased by 100, 200 and 300 basis points. The following table reflects the estimated percentage change in projected twelve-month net interest income under the rate shocks versus the base projected net interest income for the twelve months ending September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, resulting from changes in interest rates. 
 Net change in net interest income Change Rate Shocks September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Up 3 4.4 9.9 Up 2 3.3 6.6 Up 1 2.2 3.6 Down 1 (2.5) (3.5) Down 2 (5.4) (7.2) Down 3 (8.5) (11.2) 
 EVE considers a longer-term horizon and estimates the hypothetical discounted net present value of asset and liability cash flows. Discount rates are based upon market prices for comparable assets and liabilities. Upward and downward rate shocks are used to measure sensitivity of EVE in relation to a constant rate environment. For upward rate shocks modeling a rising rate environment at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, current market interest rates were shocked by a parallel and sustained shift in interest rates, in which the base market interest rate forecast was immediately increased by 100, 200, and 300 basis points. For downward rate shocks modeling a falling rate environment at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, current market interest rates were shocked by a parallel and sustained shift in interest rates, in which the base market interest rate forecast was immediately decreased by 100, 200 and 300 basis points. This method of measurement primarily evaluates the longer term repricing risks and embedded options in Customers Bank s balance sheet. The following table reflects the estimated change in EVE at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, resulting from shocks to interest rates. 
 83 

Table of Content s 

 From Base Rate Shocks September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Up 3 (11.4) (6.2) Up 2 (4.9) (3.0) Up 1 (1.2) 0.3 Down 1 (1.7) (5.4) Down 2 (5.6) (13.2) Down 3 (12.0) (23.1) 
 Management believes that the assumptions and combination of methods used in evaluating interest rate risk are reasonable. However, the interest rate sensitivity of our assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet financial instruments, as well as the estimated effect of changes in interest rates on estimated net interest income, could vary substantially if different assumptions are used or actual experience differs from the assumptions used in the model. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. As of the end of the period covered by this report, Customers Bancorp carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of Customers Bancorp s management, including Customers Bancorp s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Customers Bancorp s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon the evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that Customers Bancorp s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there have been no changes in Customers Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Customers Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting. 
 84 

Table of Content s 

 Part II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 For information on Customers legal proceedings, refer to NOTE 15 LOSS CONTINGENCIES to the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Risk Factors included within the 2023 Form 10-K and subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. There are no material changes from the risk factors included within the 2023 Form 10-K and subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The risks described within the 2023 Form 10-K and subsequently filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. Refer to Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On June 26, 2024, the Board of Directors of Customers Bancorp authorized a new common stock repurchase program, the 2024 Share Repurchase Program, to repurchase up to 497,509 shares of the Company s common stock. The term of the 2024 Share Repurchase Program will extend for one year from June 26, 2024, unless earlier terminated. Purchases of shares under the 2024 Share Repurchase Program may be executed through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, through the use of Rule 10b5-1 plans, or otherwise. The exact number of shares, timing for such purchases, and the price and terms at and on which such purchases are to be made will be at the discretion of the Company and will comply with all applicable regulatory limitations. The common shares repurchased during the three months ended September 30, 2024 pursuant to the 2024 Share Repurchase Program were as follows: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum Number of Shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs July 1 - July 31, 2024 
 497,509 August 1 - August 31, 2024 
 193,662 47.76 193,662 303,847 September 1 - September 30, 2024 
 180,312 48.52 180,312 123,535 Total 373,974 48.13 373,974 123,535 
 Dividends on Common Stock 
 Customers Bancorp historically has not paid any cash dividends on its shares of common stock and does not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. 
 Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of Customers Bancorp s Board of Directors and will depend on a number of factors, including earnings and financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements, the general economic and regulatory climate, ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to our common stock, including obligations to pay dividends to the holders of Customers Bancorp s issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. 
 In addition, as a bank holding company, Customers Bancorp is subject to general regulatory restrictions on the payment of cash dividends. Federal bank regulatory agencies have the authority to prohibit bank holding companies from engaging in unsafe or unsound practices in conducting their business, which, depending on the financial condition and liquidity of the holding company at the time, could include the payment of dividends. Further, various federal and state statutory provisions limit the amount of dividends that bank subsidiaries can pay to their parent holding company without regulatory approval. Generally, subsidiaries are prohibited from paying dividends when doing so would cause them to fall below the regulatory minimum capital levels, and limits exist on paying dividends in excess of net income for specified periods. 
 Beginning January 1, 2015, the ability to pay dividends and the amounts that can be paid will be limited to the extent the Bank s capital ratios do not exceed the minimum required levels plus 250 basis points, as these requirements were phased in through January 1, 2019. 
 85 

Table of Content s 

 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the third quarter of 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) or modified any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 86 

Table of Content s 

 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Customers Bancorp, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Customers Bancorp Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2012 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Customers Bancorp, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Customers Bancorp Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2012 
 3.3 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Customers Bancorp, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Customers Bancorp Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2012 
 3.4 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Customers Bancorp, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Customers Bancorp s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2019 
 3.5 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Customers Bancorp, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Customers Bancorp s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 19, 2019 
 3. 6 
 Statement with Respect to Shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Customers Bancorp Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 28, 2016 
 3. 7 
 Statement with Respect to Shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series F, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Customers Bancorp Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2016 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule15d-14(a) 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule15d-14(a) 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following financial statements from the Customers Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as of and for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL include: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets , (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income , (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income , (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity , (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows , and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 87 

Table of Content s 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Customers Bancorp, Inc. November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Jay S. Sidhu Name: Jay S. Sidhu Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 12, 2024 By: /s/ Philip S. Watkins 
 Name: Philip S. Watkins 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 88 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-3119_30x2024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Jay S. Sidhu, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Customers Bancorp, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Jay S. Sidhu Jay S. Sidhu 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date November 12, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-3129_30x2024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 I, Philip Watkins, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Customers Bancorp, Inc. for the period ended September 30, 2024 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Philip S. Watkins Philip S. Watkins 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date November 12, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-3219_30x2024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Customers Bancorp, Inc. (the Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jay S. Sidhu, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. Date November 12, 2024 s Jay S. Sidhu Jay S. Sidhu, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 This certificate is being made for the exclusive purpose of compliance by the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation with the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be used by any person or for any reason other than as specifically required by law. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex-3229_30x2024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report of Customers Bancorp, Inc. (the Corporation on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Philip Watkins, Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. Date November 12, 2024 s Philip S. Watkins Philip S. Watkins, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 This certificate is being made for the exclusive purpose of compliance by the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation with the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and may not be used by any person or for any reason other than as specifically required by law. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cubi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cubi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cubi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cubi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cubi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

