<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1865602_0001213900-24-097478.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3748058</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89598</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>922713</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>675128</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>907162</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1084355</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097478.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113161519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097478
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cantor Equity Partners, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865602
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981576482
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42250
		FILM NUMBER:		241454441

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-610-2307

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST 59TH STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CF Acquisition Corp. A
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230627

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CF International Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210603

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097478.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0219996-10q_cantor.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 13, 2024, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the
registrant issued and outstanding. 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC. 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents 

Page No. 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 
 Financial Statements 
 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 5 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 6 

Item 2. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 18 

Item 3. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 22 

Item 4. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 22 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 23 

Item 1. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 23 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 23 

Item 2. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 23 

Item 3. 
 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 23 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 23 

Item 5. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 23 

Item 6. 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 24 

SIGNATURES 
 
 25 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets: 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Available-for-sale debt securities held in Trust Account, at fair value (no allowance for credit losses, amortized cost 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current Liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Note payable related party 

Payable to related party 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 10,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024 and no shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2023 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; (1) and (2) shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 
 Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Commitments and Contingencies and Shareholders Deficit 

(1) 

(2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

General and administrative costs 

Administrative expenses - related party 

Loss from operations 

Interest income on investments held in the Trust Account 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding: 

Class A Public shares 

Class A Private placement 

Class B Ordinary shares (1) 
 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 (2) 
 
 Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share: 

Class A - Public shares 

Class A - Private placement 

Class B - Ordinary shares 

(1) (2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(LOSS) 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income: 

Change in unrealized appreciation of available-for-sale debt securities 

Total other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2024 

Ordinary shares 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2023 

(1)(2) 
 (1)(2) 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 

(1) 
 (1) 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

(1) 
 (1) 

Sale of Class A ordinary shares to Sponsor in private placement 

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares by Sponsor at par value 

Accretion of redeemable Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Other comprehensive income 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2023 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares (3) 
 Amount (3) 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

(4) 
 (4) 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2023 

(4) 
 (4) 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2023 

(1) (2) (3) 	 (4) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income on investments held in the Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Payable to related party 

Deferred offering costs 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 

Purchase of available-for-sale debt securities held in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds received from initial public offering 

Proceeds received from private placement 

Offering costs paid 

Deferred offering costs paid by related party 

Note payable related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in Cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities 

Deferred offering costs included in Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses paid from Note payable related party 

Prepaid expenses and Other assets paid with Payable to related party 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

5 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares, par value per share Class A ordinary shares and such Class A ordinary shares issued in the Initial Public Offering, the Public Shares at a purchase price of per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of , as described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of Class A ordinary shares (the Private Placement Shares to the
Sponsor at a price of per Private Placement Share in a private placement (the Private Placement ), generating gross
proceeds of , as described in Note 4. 

The proceeds of the Private Placement were deposited
into the Trust Account (as defined below) and will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares subject to the requirements of
applicable law (see Note 4). 

Offering costs amounted to approximately ,
consisting of of underwriting fees and approximately of other costs. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement on August 14, 2024, an amount of per Public Share) from the net proceeds of the sale of
the Public Shares and the Private Placement Shares (see Note 4) was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located
in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental acting as trustee. The funds
in the Trust Account were initially held in an account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. and on August 15, 2024, were transferred to an
account at CF Secured, LLC CF Secured ), an affiliate of the Sponsor. The Trust Account may be invested only in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
or held as cash or cash items (including in demand deposit accounts) at a bank, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i)
the completion of the Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

6 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes
payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Business Combination. However, the Company
will only complete the Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. 

The Company will provide the holders of the Public
Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
of the Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholders meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public
Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, inclusive
of per redeemed share to be funded pursuant to the Sponsor Note (as defined below) in the applicable Redemption Event (as defined
below)). The Public Shares are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting
Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity ASC 480 ). In such case, the Company will proceed with the Business Combination if the Company has net tangible
assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation of the Business Combination and a majority of the
shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide
to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association (as may be amended, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles ), conduct the redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing the Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the Business Combination is required by law,
or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination, or if they vote at
all. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with the Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below)
have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), their Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased during
or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of the Business Combination (except that any Public Shares such parties may purchase in
compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination). In addition, the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares held by the initial shareholders in connection
with the completion of the Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person
with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be
restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent
of the Company. 

The Sponsor and the Company s officers and
directors (the initial shareholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles (i) that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Business
Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete the Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any
other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

7 

(inclusive of per redeemed share to be funded pursuant to the Sponsor Note in the applicable Redemption Event) per share
initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to
the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target
business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account below
 per share. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the
underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party,
the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility
that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers
(except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering), prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Company had approximately and 0 , respectively, of cash in its operating account. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, the Company had a working capital deficit of approximately and approximately , respectively. As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately and , respectively, of interest income earned on funds held in the Trust Account
was available to pay taxes. 

The Company s liquidity needs through September
30, 2024 have been satisfied through a contribution of from the Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, a
loan of approximately from the Sponsor pursuant to a promissory note (the Pre-IPO Note (see Note 4), the proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Shares not held in the Trust Account and the Sponsor Loan (as defined below). The Company fully
repaid the Pre-IPO Note upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with the Business Combination, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to fund the Company s expenses relating to
investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements after the Initial Public Offering and prior to the
Business Combination (the Sponsor Loan ), of which has been drawn by the Company as of September 30, 2024. If the Sponsor
Loan is insufficient, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are
not obligated to, provide the Company with Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not
have any borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Based on the foregoing, management believes that
the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of
the Company s officers and directors, to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or one
year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying
and evaluating prospective target businesses, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures,
selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

8 

9 

and investments in the U.S. government debt securities held in the Trust
Account. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

and , Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption respectively, are
presented as temporary equity outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. The Company recognizes
any subsequent changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares
to the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company
recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares. This method would view
the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. The change in the carrying value of redeemable
Class A ordinary shares also resulted in charges against Additional paid-in capital and Accumulated deficit. 

10 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share 

11 

Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share. In connection with the underwriter s advising the Company
that it would not be exercising the over-allotment option, the Sponsor forfeited Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value
 per share Class B ordinary shares ), so that the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares represent of
the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Shares). 

12 

Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares for a purchase price of . On June 8, 2023 and February 21, 2024, the
Sponsor surrendered, for no consideration, and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, which the Company cancelled,
resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding from shares to shares. The Class
B ordinary shares will automatically convert into nonredeemable Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the Business
Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in Note 7. 

On August 14, 2024, due to the underwriter advising
the Company that it would not be exercising the over-allotment option, Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Sponsor so
that the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares represent of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after
the Initial Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Shares), resulting in Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding
and held by the Sponsor. 

The initial shareholders have agreed, subject
to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the
completion of the Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class
A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any -trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the Business Combination, or
(y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of
the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Shares 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased Private Placement Shares at a price of per Private Placement Share in
the aggregate) in the Private Placement. The proceeds from the Private Placement have been added to the net proceeds from the Initial
Public Offering held in the Trust Account. The Sponsor has entered into a letter agreement with the Company pursuant to which it has agreed
to waive its redemption rights with respect to the Private Placement Shares in connection with the completion of the Business Combination
or otherwise. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Private Placement Shares until days after the completion of the Business Combination. 

Available-for-Sale Debt Securities Held
in the Trust Account 

As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the
Company s investments in U.S. government treasury bills held in the Trust Account at CF Secured was approximately . 

Underwriter 

Cantor Fitzgerald Co. CF Co. ),
the lead underwriter of the Initial Public Offering, is an affiliate of the Sponsor (see Note 5). 

Related Party Loans 

On May 27, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Original Note ). On June 12, 2023, the Company entered into an amended and restated Original Note (the A R
Note ). On May 31, 2024, the Company entered into a second amended and restated Original Note (the Pre-IPO Note ).
Prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the amount outstanding under the Pre-IPO Note was approximately . The Pre-IPO
Note was non-interest bearing and was repaid in full upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with the Business Combination, the Sponsor has committed up to in the Sponsor Loan to be provided to the Company to fund the
Company s expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements, including 
per month for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services that will be paid to the Sponsor. The Sponsor Loan does
not bear interest and is repayable by the Company to the Sponsor upon consummation of the Business Combination; provided that, pursuant
to an amended and restated promissory note, at the Sponsor s option, at any time beginning 60 days after the date of the Initial
Public Offering, all or any portion of the amount outstanding under the Sponsor Loan may be converted into Class A ordinary shares at
a conversion price of per share. Otherwise, the Sponsor Loan would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings under the Sponsor Loan. 

13 

pursuant to a promissory note (the Sponsor Note in connection with the consummation of the Business
Combination, an extension of time for the Company to consummate the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation (each, a Redemption
Event ), such that an amount equal to per Public Share being redeemed in connection with the applicable Redemption Event will
be added to the Trust Account and paid to the holders of the applicable redeemed shares on such Redemption Event. The Sponsor Note will
not bear interest and will be repaid by the Company at the closing of the Business Combination. If the Company is unable to consummate
the Business Combination, the Sponsor Note would be repaid only out of funds held outside of the Trust Account. The Sponsor has waived
any claims against the Trust Account in connection with the Sponsor Note. 

The Sponsor pays expenses on the Company s
behalf. The Company reimburses the Sponsor for such expenses paid on its behalf. The unpaid balance is included in Payable to related
party on the Company s unaudited condensed balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had 
and 0 , respectively, as payable outstanding to the Sponsor for such expenses paid on the Company s behalf. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company has agreed to pay a month
to the Sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. Services commenced on August 13, 2024, the date
the Class A ordinary shares were first listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the
Company of the Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. During both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company incurred approximately for these services. The payable to the Sponsor for such services was approximately 
as of September 30, 2024. 

Independent Directors Compensation 

Commencing on August 12, 2024, the Company compensates
its independent directors through cash payments for their services on the Company s board of directors. As a result, during both
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized approximately of compensation expense on its unaudited
condensed statements of operations. The corresponding accrued compensation payable recognized on the Company s unaudited condensed
balance sheet was approximately as of September 30, 2024. 

of the Sponsor Loan are entitled to registration
rights. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

14 

-day option
to purchase up to additional Class A ordinary shares to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price
less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On August 14, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the
underwriter advised the Company that it would not be exercising the over-allotment option. 

CF Co. was paid a cash underwriting discount
of in connection with the Initial Public Offering. The Company also engaged a qualified independent underwriter to participate
in the preparation of the registration statement and exercise the usual standards of due diligence in respect thereto. The
Company paid the independent underwriter a fee of upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in consideration for its
services and expenses as the qualified independent underwriter. The qualified independent underwriter received no other compensation. 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

The Company has engaged CF Co. as an advisor
in connection with the Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential Business
Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
the Company s securities, and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination.
The Company will pay CF Co. a cash fee of for such services upon the consummation of the Business Combination. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of
the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East on the financial markets and on the industry, and has concluded that while it is
reasonably possible that the conflicts could have an effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or
search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements.
The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The Company did not have any sales of its available-for-sale
debt securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, there were and 0Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively, excluding Class
A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B Ordinary Shares 
The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary
shares are entitled to vote for each share. In November 2020, the Company issued Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor.
On June 8, 2023 and February 21, 2024, the Sponsor surrendered, for no consideration, and Class B ordinary shares,
respectively, which the Company cancelled, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding from 
shares to shares. In connection with the underwriter s advising the Company that it would not be exercising the over-allotment
option, on August 14, 2024 the Sponsor forfeited Class B ordinary shares, so that the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary
shares represent of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering (not including the
Private Placement Shares). As a result, Class B ordinary shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 

15 

of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the
completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with the Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business
Combination). 

Preference Shares The Company
is authorized to issue preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of both September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

16 

Total 

As of September 30, 2024, Level 1 assets include
a direct investment in the U.S. government treasury bills classified as available-for-sale-debt securities. The Company uses inputs such
as actual trade data, benchmark yields, quoted market prices from dealers or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair
value of its investments. 

of its cash and drew approximately on the Sponsor Loan to settle its Payable to related party. 

On November 5, 2024, the Company entered into
an amended and restated promissory note in respect of the Sponsor Loan, which added conversion terms pursuant to which the Sponsor Loan
will be convertible at the Sponsor s option into Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of per share at any time beginning
60 days after the date of the Initial Public Offering. 

17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, our, 
 us or we refer to Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report (as defined below). Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on
our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, 
 would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible
business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical
fact included in this Form 10-Q. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described
in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
Cayman Islands on November 11, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). Our sponsor is Cantor EP Holdings,
LLC (the Sponsor ). 

Although we are not limited in our search for
target businesses to a particular industry or sector for the purpose of consummating the Business Combination, we are focusing our search
on companies operating in the financial services, healthcare, real estate services, technology and software industries. We are an early
stage and emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

Our registration statement for our initial public
offering (the Initial Public Offering became effective on August 12, 2024. On August 14, 2024, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 10,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares and such
Class A ordinary shares issued in the Initial Public Offering, the Public Shares ), at a purchase price of 10.00 per Public
Share, generating proceeds of 100,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 300,000 Class A ordinary shares (the Private Placement Shares at a price of
 10.00 per Private Placement Share to the Sponsor in a private placement (the Private Placement ), generating gross proceeds
of 3,000,000. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and sale of the Private Placement Shares on August 14, 2024, an amount of 100,000,000 10.00 per share) from the net proceeds of the
Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account located in the United
States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental acting as trustee. The funds in the Trust
Account were initially held in an account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. and on August 15, 2024, were transferred to an account at CF
Secured, LLC CF Secured ), an affiliate of the Sponsor. The Trust Account may be invested only in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ),
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us
meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, or held as cash or cash items
(including in demand deposit accounts) at a bank as determined by us, until the earlier of the consummation of: (i) the completion of
the Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

We have until August 14, 2026 (24 months from
the closing of the Initial Public Offering), or until such earlier liquidation date as our board of directors may approve or such later
date as our shareholders may approve pursuant to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (the Combination
Period ), to consummate the Business Combination. If we are unable to complete the Business Combination by the end of the Combination
Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay
taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject, in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. 

18 

On January 24, 2024, the SEC adopted the
new rules and regulations for special purpose acquisition companies SPACs ), which became effective on July 1, 2024
(the 2024 SPAC Rules ). The 2024 SPAC Rules require, among other matters, (i) additional disclosures relating to SPAC
business combination transactions; (ii) additional disclosures relating to dilution and to conflicts of interest involving sponsors
and their affiliates in both SPAC initial public offerings and business combination transactions; (iii) additional disclosures regarding
projections included in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; and (iv) the requirement that
both the SPAC and its target company be co-registrants for business combination registration statements. In addition, the SEC s
adopting release provided guidance describing circumstances in which a SPAC could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company
Act, including its duration, asset composition, business purpose, and the activities of the SPAC and its management team in furtherance
of such goals. The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially affect our ability to negotiate and complete our Business Combination and may increase
the costs and time related thereto. 

On March 6, 2024, the SEC adopted its climate-related
disclosure rules, which require registrants to provide detailed climate-related disclosures in registration statements and certain periodic
reports. The final rules set forth requirements for disclosure of material climate-related risks, mitigation activities, targets and goals,
and governance. The rules also require disclosure of certain greenhouse gas emissions metrics and attestation of emissions disclosures.
We are evaluating the potential impacts of these new requirements at this time, including in connection with ongoing litigation challenging
such requirements and the SEC s stay of the requirements pending judicial review. However, if these requirements are implemented
following the completion of judicial review, they may significantly increase the complexity of our periodic reporting as a U.S. public
company. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
we had approximately 269,000 and 0, respectively, of cash in our operating account. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
we had a working capital deficit of approximately 82,000 and approximately 295,000, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, approximately 805,000 and 0, respectively, of interest income earned on funds held in the Trust Account was available to pay
taxes. 

Our liquidity needs through September 30, 2024
have been satisfied through a contribution of 25,000 from the Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of our Class B ordinary shares, a
loan of approximately 287,000 from the Sponsor pursuant to a promissory note (the Pre-IPO Note ), the proceeds from the
consummation of the Private Placement with the Sponsor not held in the Trust Account and the Sponsor Loan (as defined below). We fully
repaid the Pre-IPO Note upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has committed to loan us up to 1,750,000 to fund our expenses relating to investigating and
selecting a target business and other working capital requirements (the Sponsor Loan ), of which 0 has been drawn by the
Company as of September 30, 2024. 

If the Sponsor Loan is insufficient, the Sponsor
or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us additional loans Working
Capital Loans ). As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Based on the foregoing, management believes that
we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from the Sponsor to meet our needs through the earlier of the consummation
of the Business Combination or one year from the date of this Report. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing
accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective target businesses, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses,
paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating
the Business Combination. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from inception through September
30, 2024 related to our formation, the Initial Public Offering, and to our efforts toward locating and completing a suitable Business
Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues
until after completion of the Business Combination. We have generated non-operating income in the form of interest income on amounts held
in the Trust Account. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

19 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net income of approximately 476,000, which consisted of approximately 627,000 of interest income on investments held in the Trust
Account, partially offset by approximately 135,000 of general and administrative expenses, and approximately 16,000 of administrative
expenses paid to the Sponsor. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net income of approximately 441,000, which consisted of approximately 627,000 of interest income on investments held in the Trust
Account, partially offset by approximately 170,000 of general and administrative expenses, and approximately 16,000 of administrative
expenses paid to the Sponsor. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had no net income or net loss. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net loss of approximately 25,000, which consisted of general and administrative expenses. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations 

Our results of operations and our ability to complete
the Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial
markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets
or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer
confidence and spending, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. We cannot at this
time predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively
impact our business and our ability to complete the Business Combination. 

Contractual Obligations 

Business Combination Marketing Agreement 

We engaged Cantor Fitzgerald Co. CF Co. ),
an affiliate of the Sponsor, as an advisor in connection with the Business Combination to assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders
to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are
interested in purchasing our securities and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination.
We will pay CF Co. a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of the Business Combination in an amount of 3,500,000, which
is equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering. 

Related Party Loans 

In connection with the Initial Public Offering,
the Sponsor has agreed to lend us up to 1,500,000 pursuant to a promissory note (the Sponsor Note in connection with the
consummation of the Business Combination, an extension of time for us to consummate the Business Combination or our liquidation (each,
a Redemption Event ), such that an amount equal to 0.15 per Public Share being redeemed in connection with the applicable
Redemption Event will be added to the Trust Account and paid to the holders of the applicable redeemed shares on such Redemption Event.
The Sponsor Note will not bear interest and will be repaid by us at the closing of the Business Combination. If we are unable to consummate
the Business Combination, the Sponsor Note would be repaid only out of funds held outside of the Trust Account. The Sponsor has waived
any claims against the Trust Account in connection with the Sponsor Note. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended Business Combination, the Sponsor has committed up to 1,750,000 in the Sponsor Loan to be provided to us to fund expenses
relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements, including 10,000 per month for office
space, administrative and shared personnel support services that will be paid to the Sponsor, after the Initial Public Offering and prior
to the Business Combination. The Sponsor Loan does not bear interest and is repayable by us to the Sponsor upon consummation of the Business
Combination; provided that, pursuant to an amended and restated promissory note, at the Sponsor s option, at any time beginning
60 days after the date of the Initial Public Offering, all or any portion of the amount outstanding under the Sponsor Loan may be converted
into Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of 10.00 per share. Otherwise, the Sponsor Loan would be repaid only out of funds
held outside the Trust Account. 

As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, we had no borrowings under the Sponsor Loan, Working Capital Loans or the Sponsor Note. 

20 

The Sponsor pays expenses on our behalf and we
reimburse the Sponsor for such expenses paid on our behalf. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 456,452 and 0, respectively,
as payable outstanding to the Sponsor for such expenses paid on our behalf. 

Available-for-Sale Debt Securities Held
in the Trust Account 

As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of our
investments in U.S. government treasury bills held in the Trust Account at CF Secured was approximately 100,805,000. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of our unaudited condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, in our unaudited condensed financial statements. These accounting estimates require the
use of assumptions about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. Management bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. To the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions
used, our balance sheets, unaudited condensed statements of operations, unaudited condensed statements of comprehensive income, unaudited
condensed statements of shareholders deficit and unaudited condensed statements of cash flows could be materially affected. We
believe that the following accounting policies involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity. 

Emerging Growth Company 

Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised
financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the
Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can
elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any
such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard
is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt
the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . Class A ordinary shares
subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and measured at fair value. Shares of conditionally redeemable
Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder
or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At
all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. All of the Public Shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 10,000,000 and 0 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as
temporary equity outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. We recognize any subsequent changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares to the redemption value at the end
of each reporting period. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the accretion from initial book value
to redemption amount value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were
also the redemption date for the security. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares also resulted in charges
against Additional paid-in capital and Accumulated deficit. 

21 

Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share 

We comply with the accounting and disclosure requirements
of ASC 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income (loss) applicable to shareholders
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the applicable periods. We apply the two-class method in calculating
earnings per share and allocate net income (loss) pro rata to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, nonredeemable Class
A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings
per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

See Note 2 Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies to our unaudited condensed financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Report for additional information
regarding these critical accounting policies and other significant accounting policies. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 

As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our
Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes to our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

22 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

To the knowledge of our management team, there
is no material litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or
against any of our property. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, as of the date of this Report, there have
been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously disclosed in our final prospectus related to the Initial Public
Offering as filed with the SEC on August 13, 2024 (the Final Prospectus ). Any of the previously disclosed risk factors could
result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently
known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. We may disclose changes to such
risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 300,000 Class A ordinary shares to the Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per share in the Private
Placement, generating gross proceeds of 3,000,000. This issuance was pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. 

Use of Proceeds 

On August 14, 2024, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 10,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Public Share, generating proceeds for 100,000,000. 

A total of 100,000,000 of the proceeds from the
Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed in the Trust Account located in the United States with Continental acting
as trustee. The funds in the Trust Account were initially held in an account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., and on August 15, 2024,
were transferred to an account at CF Secured, an affiliate of the Sponsor. The Trust Account may be invested only in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended
investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by us meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and
(d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, or held as cash or cash items (including in demand deposit accounts) at a bank as determined
by us. 

There has been no material change in the planned
use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement as is described in the Final Prospectus. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

Trading Arrangements 

During the quarterly period ended September 30,
2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) or any
 Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item
408 of Regulation S-K. 

Additional Information 

None. 

23 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note of the Company issued in favor of the Sponsor, dated as of November 5, 2024. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Howard W. Lutnick 

Name: 
 Howard W. Lutnick 

Title: 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jane Novak 

Name: 
 Jane Novak 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

25 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ea021999601ex10-1_cantor.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE OF THE COMPANY ISSUED IN FAVOR OF THE SPONSOR, DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 5, 2024

Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE AND THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THE NOTE MAY BE CONVERTED HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION
OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

Effective as of August 12, 2024 

 New
York, New York 

Principal Amount: Up to 1,750,000.00 

Pursuant to that certain Expense
Advance Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of August 12, 2024, by and between Cantor Equity Partners, Inc., a Cayman
Islands exempted company (the Maker ), and Cantor EP Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Payee ),
Maker hereby promises to pay to the order of Payee or its registered assigns or successors in interest, the principal sum of up to One
Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars 1,750,000.00) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions
described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined
by Maker to such account as Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Certain
terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to such terms in the Agreement. This Note amends and restates, and
supersedes, the promissory note made in favor of Payee by Maker on August 12, 2024 (the Prior Note and covers all
amounts drawn under the Prior Note prior to the date hereof. 

1. Principal.
 The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by Maker on the date on which Maker consummates its Business Combination in cash
or Conversion Shares as set forth in this Note. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. Under no circumstances shall any individual,
including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities
of Maker hereunder. 

2. Interest. 
No interest shall accrue or be charged by Payee on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

3. Drawdown
Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to One Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars 1,750,000.00)
for costs reasonably related to Maker s working capital needs prior to the consummation of the Business Combination. The principal
of this Note may be drawn down from time to time prior to the date on which Maker consummates a Business Combination, upon request from
Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request in such amounts as Maker may determine in its discretion. Payee shall fund
each Drawdown Request no later than five (5) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided , however , that
the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively under this Note is One Million Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars 1,750,000.00).
Once an amount is drawn down under this Note, it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests even if prepaid. No fees, payments
or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. 

4. Application
and Form of Payments. 

(a) All
payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without
limitation) reasonable attorney s fees and then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid
principal balance of this Note. 

(b) The
Note may be repaid, at Payee s discretion, (i) in cash or (ii) in Conversion Shares (as defined below) pursuant to Section 15. 

5. Events
of Default. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of default Event of Default ): 

(a) Failure
to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of
the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation
or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for
the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action
by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary
Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an
involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian,
trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation
of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

6. Remedies. 

(a) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a) , Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be
due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived,
anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon
the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(b) or Section 5(c) , the unpaid principal balance of this Note,
and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without
any action on the part of Payee. 

7. Waivers. 
Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest,
and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or
personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing
for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that
may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, or any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such
writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

8. Unconditional
Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the
payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall
not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee,
and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment
or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without
notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

9. Notices. 
All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by this Note shall be made: (a) in writing and delivered
personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the
address designated in writing, (b) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number
as may be designated in writing by such party or (c) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such
party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted
shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation,
if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days
after mailing if sent by mail. 

2 

10. Construction. 
THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICTS OF LAW
PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

11. Severability. 
Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

12. Trust
Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Payee hereby waives any right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the Trust Account, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction
for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever; provided, however, that if Maker completes a Business Combination,
Maker shall repay the principal balance of this Note, which may be out of the proceeds released to Maker from the Trust Account. 

13. Amendment;
Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of Maker and Payee. 

14. Assignment .
No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall
be void; provided , however , that this Note shall be freely assignable by Payee to any assignee. 

15. Conversion . 

(a) Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Note to the contrary, beginning any time after 60 days from date of the Prior Note, Payee may elect to convert
all or any portion of the unpaid principal balance under this Note into that number of Class A ordinary shares of Maker (the Conversion
Shares ), equal to: (i) the portion of the principal amount of this Note being converted pursuant to this Section 15, divided
by (i) 10.00, rounded up to the nearest whole number of shares. The Conversion Shares and any other equity security of Maker issued
or issuable with respect to the foregoing by way of a share dividend or share split or in connection with a combination of shares, recapitalization,
amalgamation, consolidation or reorganization, shall be entitled to the registration rights set forth in Section 16. 

(b) Upon
any complete or partial conversion of the principal amount under this Note, (i) such principal amount shall be so converted and such converted
portion of this Note shall become fully paid and satisfied, (ii) Payee shall surrender and deliver this Note, duly endorsed, to Maker
or such other address which Maker shall designate against delivery of the Conversion Shares, (iii) Maker shall promptly deliver a new
duly executed Note to Payee in the principal amount that remains outstanding, if any, after any such conversion and (iv) in exchange for
all or any portion of the surrendered Note, and simultaneous with the surrender of the Note, Maker shall, at the direction of Payee, deliver
to Payee the Conversion Shares, which shall bear such legends as are required, in the opinion of counsel to Maker or by any other agreement
between Maker and Payee and applicable state and federal securities laws. 

(c) Payee
shall pay any and all taxes that may be payable with respect to any issuance or delivery of the Conversion Shares upon conversion of this
Note pursuant hereto. 

16. Registration
Rights . Reference is made to that certain Registration Rights Agreement between Maker and Payee, dated as of the date hereof (the
 Registration Rights Agreement ). All Conversion Shares shall be considered Registrable Securities (as defined in the
Registration Rights Agreement) for all purposes thereunder and entitle Payee to the same rights, duties and obligations as the Holders
(as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement). 

[Signature Page Follows] 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Amended and Restated Promissory Note to be duly executed by the undersigned
as of the 5 th day of November, 2024. 

CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Jane Novak 

Name: 
 Jane Novak 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to the Amended and Restated
Promissory Note by Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. in favor of Cantor 
 EP Holdings, LLC for up to 1,750,000 for Working Capital] 

4 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea021999601ex31-1_cantor.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Howard W. Lutnick, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cantor Equity Partners, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Howard W. Lutnick 

Howard W. Lutnick 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea021999601ex31-2_cantor.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jane Novak, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cantor Equity Partners, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jane Novak 

Jane Novak 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea021999601ex32-1_cantor.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Howard W. Lutnick, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Howard W. Lutnick 

Howard W. Lutnick 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ea021999601ex32-2_cantor.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Cantor Equity Partners, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jane Novak, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jane Novak 

Jane Novak 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cep-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cep-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cep-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cep-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cep-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

