<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_833640_0000833640-24-000171.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8719879</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89276</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1130430</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3122756</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1482575</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2628900</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000833640-24-000171.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106161230
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000833640-24-000171
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			POWER INTEGRATIONS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000833640
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				943065014
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23441
		FILM NUMBER:		241431066

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5245 HELLYER AVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95138
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4084149200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5245 HELLYER AVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95138

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000833640-24-000171.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 powi-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

POWI - Q3'24 Form 10-Q 
 
 Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the quarterly period ended or Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from ______ to ______ Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class Shares Outstanding at November 4, 2024 Common Stock, par value 

Table of Contents 
 POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 7 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 8 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 9 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 31 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 31 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 32 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 32 Item 1A. Risk Factors 32 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 32 Item 5. Other Information 32 Item 6. Exhibits 33 SIGNATURES 35 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes a number of forward-looking statements that involve many risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are identified by the use of the words would, could, will, may, expect, believe, should, anticipate, if, future, intend, plan, estimate, potential, target, seek, or continue and similar words and phrases, including the negatives of these terms, or other variations of these terms, that denote future events. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and our potential financial performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results and financial position to differ materially and/or adversely from what is projected or implied in any forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These factors include, but are not limited to: if demand for our products continues to decline in our major end markets, our net revenues will decline further; we do not have long-term contracts with any of our customers and if they fail to place, or if they cancel or reschedule orders for our products, our operating results and our business may suffer; our products are sold through distributors, which limits our direct interaction with our end customers, therefore reducing our ability to forecast sales and increasing the complexity of our business; if our products do not penetrate additional markets, our business will not grow as we expect; intense competition in the high-voltage power supply industry may lead to a decrease in our average selling price and reduced sales volume of our products; we depend on third-party suppliers to provide us with wafers for our products, and if they fail to provide us sufficient quantities of wafers, our business may suffer; if we are unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, we could lose market share, incur costly litigation expenses, suffer incremental price erosion or lose valuable assets, any of which could harm our operations and negatively impact our profitability; and the other risk factors described under the caption Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and in Part I, Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We make these forward-looking statements based upon information available on the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or otherwise, except as required by laws. In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 

(In thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term marketable securities Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, net INTANGIBLE ASSETS, net GOODWILL DEFERRED TAX ASSETS OTHER ASSETS Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accounts payable Accrued payroll and related expenses Taxes payable Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities LONG-TERM INCOME TAXES PAYABLE OTHER LIABILITIES Total liabilities COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Notes 11, 12 and 13) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET REVENUES COST OF REVENUES GROSS PROFIT OPERATING EXPENSES: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses INCOME FROM OPERATIONS OTHER INCOME INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES NET INCOME EARNINGS PER SHARE: Basic Diluted SHARES USED IN PER SHARE CALCULATION: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax in each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 ) ) Unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax in each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and net of tax in each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 Amortization of defined benefit pension items, net of tax of and in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Common stock Beginning balance Repurchase of common stock ) ) Ending balance Additional paid-in capital Beginning balance Common stock issued under employee stock plans Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Ending balance Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Beginning balance ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Ending balance ) ) Retained earnings Beginning balance Net income Repurchase of common stock ) Payment of dividends to stockholders ) ) ) ) Ending balance Total stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangibles Loss on disposal of property and equipment Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of premium (accretion of discount) on marketable securities ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Decrease in accounts receivable allowance for credit losses ) ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable ) Taxes payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities Acquisition (Note 15) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Issuance of common stock under employee stock plans Repurchase of common stock ) ) Payments of dividends to stockholders ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Unpaid property and equipment SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for income taxes, net The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 8 

POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

9 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Allowance for ship and debit ) ) Allowance for stock rotation and rebate ) ) Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total The Company maintains an allowance for estimated credit losses resulting from the inability of customers to make required payments. This allowance is established using estimates formulated by the Company s management based upon factors such as the composition of the accounts receivable aging, historical losses, changes in payment patterns, customer creditworthiness and current economic trends. Receivables determined to be uncollectible are written off and deducted from the allowance. ) ) ) Provision for credit loss expense ) ) ) ) Receivables written off Recoveries collected Ending balance ) ) ) ) Work-in-process Finished goods Total 

 10 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) (1) ) (1) ) ) Net-current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) 

 (1) This component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Unrealized Gains and Losses on Defined Benefit Foreign Currency Marketable Securities Pension Items Items Total Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, September 30, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning balance ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) (1) ) (1) ) ) Net-current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) ) 

 (1) This component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is included in the computation of net periodic pension cost for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

11 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Corporate securities Money market funds U.S. government securities Total 

Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Significant Other Identical Assets Observable Inputs (In thousands) Total Fair Value (Level 1) (Level 2) Commercial paper Corporate securities Money market funds Total The Company did not transfer any investments between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair-value hierarchy in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. Total Investments due in 4-12 months: Corporate securities ) Total ) Investments due in 12 months or greater: Corporate securities ) Total ) Total marketable securities ) Accrued interest receivable was million at September 30, 2024 and was recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

 12 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) Total ) Investments due in 4-12 months: Commercial paper Corporate securities ) Total ) Investments due in 12 months or greater: Corporate securities ) Total ) Total marketable securities ) Accrued interest receivable was million at December 31, 2023 and was recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. ) ) ) Total marketable securities ) ) ) In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, unrealized losses on marketable securities were recognized in income. The Company does not intend to sell and it is unlikely that it will be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery. The issuers are high quality (investment grade) and the decline in fair value is largely due to changes in interest rates. Additionally, the issuers continue to make timely interest payments on the marketable securities with the fair value expected to recover as they reach maturity. Goodwill acquired during the period Ending balance at September 30, 2024 The million of goodwill acquired during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted from the purchase of the assets of Odyssey Semiconductor Technologies Odyssey see Note 15, Acquisition , for further details. Intangible Assets Intangible assets consist primarily of developed technology, in-process research and development, acquired licenses and domain name and are reported net of accumulated amortization. In July 2024, the Company acquired the 

 13 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million. Amortization of the in-process research and development will commence once development is completed and products are available for sale; the Company does not expect the amortization of its in-process research and development to begin in 2024. In-process research and development Developed technology ) ) Technology licenses ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 2025 2026 2027 Total 

 Total excludes million of in-process research and development which will be amortized upon completion of development over the estimated useful life of the technology. Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense Stock-based compensation expense in the three months ended September 30, 2024, was approximately million, comprising approximately million related to restricted stock unit RSU awards, million related to performance-based PSU awards and long-term performance-based PRSU awards and million related to the Company s employee stock purchase plan. Stock-based compensation expense in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was approximately million, comprising approximately million related to RSUs, million related to PSUs and PRSUs and million related to the Company s employee stock purchase plan. 

 14 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million, comprising approximately million related to RSUs, million related to PSUs and PRSUs and million related to the Company s employee stock purchase plan. Stock-based compensation expense in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was approximately million, comprising approximately million related to RSUs, million related to PSUs and PRSUs and million related to the Company s employee stock purchase plan. PSU Awards Under the performance-based awards program, the Company grants awards in the performance year in an amount equal to twice the target number of shares to be issued if the maximum performance metrics are met. The number of shares that are released at the end of the performance year can range from to of the target number depending on the Company s performance. The performance metrics of this program are annual targets consisting of a combination of net revenue, non-GAAP operating income and strategic goals. As the net revenue, non-GAAP operating income and strategic goals are considered performance conditions, expense associated with these awards, net of estimated forfeitures, is recognized over the service period based on an assessment of the expected achievement of the performance targets. The fair value of these PSUs is determined using the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of the grant, reduced by the discounted present value of dividends expected to be declared before the awards vest. If the performance conditions are not achieved, no compensation cost is recognized and any previously recognized compensation is reversed. In February 2024, it was determined that approximately shares subject to the PSUs granted in 2023 vested in aggregate; the shares were released to the Company s employees and executives in the first quarter of 2024. A summary of PSUs outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and activity during the nine months ended, is presented below: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Outstanding and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 PRSU Awards The Company s PRSU program provides for the issuance of PRSUs which will vest based on the Company s performance measured against the PRSU program s established performance targets. PRSUs are granted in an amount equal to twice the target number of shares to be issued if the maximum performance metrics are met. The actual number of shares the recipient receives is determined at the end of a performance period based on results achieved versus the Company s performance goals, and may range from to of the target number. The performance goals for PRSUs granted in fiscal 2022, 2023 and 2024 were based on the Company s compound annual growth rate CAGR of revenue as measured against the revenue CAGR of the analog semiconductor industry Relative Measure ), in each case over the respective performance period. In addition, the PRSUs granted in 2023 2023 PRSUs and 2024 2024 PRSUs also include a performance goal related to the Company s revenue growth over the respective performance period as compared to defined targets Absolute Measure with the actual vesting of the 2023 PRSUs and 2024 PRSUs calculated based on higher achievement under the Relative Measure or the Absolute Measure. Expense associated with these awards, net of estimated forfeitures, is recorded throughout the year based on an assessment of the expected achievement of the performance targets. If the performance conditions are not achieved, no compensation cost is recognized and any previously recognized compensation is reversed. In February 2024, it was determined that shares subject to the PRSUs granted in 2021 vested and no shares were released to the Company s executives. 

 15 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Outstanding and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 RSU Awards A summary of RSUs outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and activity during the nine months ended, is presented below: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Outstanding and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 reportable segment, the design, development, manufacture and marketing of integrated circuits and related components for use primarily in the high-voltage power-conversion market. The Company s chief operating decision maker, the Chief Executive Officer, reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. Customer Concentration The Company s top customers accounted for approximately of net revenues for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and and in the corresponding periods of 2023. A significant portion of these revenues are attributable to sales of the Company s products to distributors of electronic components. These distributors sell the Company s products to a broad, diverse range of end users, including original equipment manufacturers OEMs and merchant power-supply manufacturers. Similarly, merchant power-supply manufacturers sell power supplies incorporating the Company s products to a broad range of OEMs. Sales to distributors were million and 

 16 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million in the corresponding periods of 2023. Direct sales to OEMs and power-supply manufacturers accounted for the remainder. Honestar Technologies Co., Ltd. Salcomp Group 

 Total customer revenue was less than 10 of net revenues. No other customers accounted for 10 or more of the Company s net revenues in the periods presented. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash investments and trade receivables. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and of accounts receivable were concentrated with the Company s top customers. Salcomp Group Flextronics Group Honestar Technologies Co., Ltd. 

 Total customer accounts receivable was less than 10 of accounts receivable. No other customers accounted for 10 or more of the Company s accounts receivable in the periods presented. Geographic Net Revenues EMEA: Germany Other EMEA APAC: Hong Kong/China India Korea Taiwan Other APAC Total net revenues 

 17 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Common stock issued under employee stock plans Repurchased ) ) ) Ending balance Common Stock Repurchases As of December 31, 2023, the Company had million remaining under its authorized stock-repurchase program. The Company exhausted this authorization in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, purchasing approximately shares of the Company s common stock for million. In October 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized the use of million for the repurchase of the Company s common stock, with repurchases to be executed according to pre-defined price/volume guidelines. The program has no expiration date. Authorization of future repurchase programs is at the discretion of the Company s board of directors and will depend on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors. Cash Dividends In February 2023, the Company s board of directors declared dividends of per share to be paid to stockholders of record at the end of each quarter in 2023. In October 2023, the Company s board of directors raised the quarterly cash dividend with the declaration of cash dividends of per share to be paid at the end of the fourth quarter of 2023 (in lieu of the previously declared dividend of per share) and at the end of each quarter in 2024 . In October 2024, the Company s board of directors raised the quarterly cash dividend again with the declaration of cash dividends of per share to be paid at the end of the fourth quarter of 2024 (in lieu of the previously declared dividend of per share) and at the end of each quarter in 2025 . Dividends declared per common share 

 18 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Weighted-average common shares Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share: (1) Net income Weighted-average common shares Effect of dilutive awards: Employee stock plans Diluted weighted-average common shares Diluted earnings per share 

 (1) The Company includes the shares underlying performance-based awards in the calculation of diluted earnings per share if the performance conditions have been satisfied as of the end of the reporting period and excludes such shares when the necessary conditions have not been met. The Company has excluded the shares underlying the outstanding performance-based awards in the 2024 and 2023 calculations as the shares were not contingently issuable as of the end of the reporting periods. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, outstanding stock awards were determined to be anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. and , respectively, as compared to in both corresponding periods of 2023. The effective tax rate in these periods were lower than the statutory federal income-tax rate of due to the geographic distribution of the Company s world-wide earnings in lower-tax jurisdictions and federal research tax credits. Additionally, i n the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s effective tax rate was also favorably impacted by the recognition of excess tax benefits related to share-based payments and by discrete items associated with the release of unrecognized tax benefits. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company s effective tax rate was favorably impacted by a discrete item associated with recognition of excess tax benefits related to share-based payments. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company s effective tax rate was also favorably impacted by discrete items associated with the release of unrecognized tax benefits. These benefits were partially offset by U.S. tax on foreign income, known as global intangible low-taxed income. The Company s primary jurisdiction where foreign earnings are derived is the Cayman Islands, which is a non-taxing jurisdiction. Income earned in other foreign jurisdictions was not material. The Company has not been granted any incentivized tax rates and does not operate under any tax holidays in any jurisdiction. As of September 30, 2024, the Company maintained a valuation allowance on its California deferred tax assets, New Jersey deferred tax assets and a valuation allowance with respect to its deferred tax assets relating to tax credits in Canada. Determining the consolidated provision for income-tax expense, income-tax liabilities and deferred tax assets and liabilities involves judgment. The Company calculates and provides for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which it operates, which involves estimating current tax exposures as well as making judgments regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets in each jurisdiction. The estimates used could differ from actual results, which may have a significant impact on operating results in future periods. 

 19 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 patents; the Company thereafter intervened and sought a declaration of non-infringement with respect to use of the Company s products. The case was then stayed until February 26, 2024, when the Delaware Court then set a schedule for the remainder of the case, with further proceedings in the coming months, and a trial scheduled in August 2025. The Company believes it has strong claims and defenses with respect to all of CogniPower s asserted patents and intends to vigorously defend itself against CogniPower s claims against the Company s technology, with appeals to follow if necessary. On October 31, 2022, Waverly Licensing LLC filed a complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas. In its complaint, Waverly alleged that the Company was infringing patent pertaining to charging a battery-operated device. Because the Company believed that Waverly s Texas complaint was improperly filed in the wrong court, the Company filed a motion to dismiss, and on November 30, 2022, the Company filed a complaint against Waverly Licensing LLC and related entities IP Edge LLC, Mavexar LLC, and Array IP LLC in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware seeking a declaration of non-infringement with respect to a patent that Waverly charged the Company with infringing. The Texas court thereafter dismissed Waverly s Texas complaint. On March 12, 2024 the Delaware Court dismissed the remaining case in view of a series of covenants not to sue that the Delaware defendants filed with the Court. The Company is unable to predict the outcome of legal proceedings with certainty, and there can be no assurance that the Company will prevail in the above-mentioned unsettled litigations. These litigations, whether or not determined in the Company s favor or settled, will be costly and will divert the efforts and attention of the Company s management and technical personnel from normal business operations, potentially causing a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and operating results. Currently, the Company is not able to estimate a loss or a range of loss for the ongoing litigations disclosed above, however adverse determinations in litigation could result in monetary losses, the loss of proprietary rights, subject the Company to significant liabilities, require the Company to seek licenses from third parties or prevent the Company from licensing the technology, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and operating results. 

 20 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million in cash. The purchase is intended to augment the Company s development of high-power GaN switching technology. The acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805 - Business Combinations. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase consideration of the acquisition is allocated to the tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired based on their relative fair values. The excess of the purchase consideration over the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets is recorded as goodwill, the amount of which represents the expected benefits to the Company of future technology and the knowledgeable and experienced employees who joined the Company. Goodwill is expected to be deductible over 15 years for tax purposes. In-process research and development Goodwill Total purchase price The fair value of in-process research and development was determined based on the cost approach using the Company s estimate of the costs that would be incurred if a market participant were to create the acquired technology from scratch. The Company considered the number of engineers required, salaries and related benefits, allocated overhead and the development time required to recreate the technology. The Company will record the in-process research and development as an intangible asset with an indefinite life until completion or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts, and will begin amortizing the value over the estimated life of the technology upon completion of development. Consistent with the treatment of other intangible assets with indefinite lives, the Company will test the in-process research and development for impairment on an annual basis or when impairment indicators are present. 

 21 

Table of Contents POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

22 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis has been prepared as an aid to understanding our financial condition and results of operations. It should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and with the consolidated financial statements and management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 12, 2024. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed under the caption Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 , and in Part II, Item 1A - Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. See also Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this report. Overview We design, develop and market analog and mixed-signal integrated circuits ICs and other electronic components and circuitry used in high-voltage power conversion. Our products are used in power converters that convert electricity from a high-voltage source to the type of power required for a specified downstream use. In most cases, this conversion entails, among other functions, converting alternating current AC to direct current DC or vice versa, reducing or increasing the voltage, and regulating the output voltage and/or current according to the customer s specifications. A large percentage of our products are ICs used in AC-DC power supplies, which convert the high-voltage AC from a wall outlet to the low-voltage DC required by most electronic devices. Power supplies incorporating our products are used with all manner of electronic products including appliances, computing and networking equipment, mobile phones, electronic utility meters, battery-powered tools, industrial controls, and home-automation, or internet of things applications such as networked thermostats, power strips and security devices. Variations of our power-supply ICs are used for high-voltage power conversion in electric vehicles EVs ). We also supply high-voltage LED drivers, which are AC-DC ICs specifically designed for lighting applications that utilize light-emitting diodes, and motor-driver ICs for brushless DC BLDC motors used in consumer appliances, HVAC systems, ceiling fans and a variety of industrial applications. We also offer high-voltage gate drivers either standalone ICs or circuit boards containing ICs, electrical isolation components and other circuitry used to operate high-voltage switches such as insulated-gate bipolar transistors IGBTs and silicon-carbide SiC MOSFETs. These combinations of switches and drivers are used for power conversion in high-power applications (i.e., power levels ranging from approximately 100 kilowatts up to gigawatts) such as industrial motors, solar- and wind-power systems, locomotives, EVs and high-voltage DC transmission systems. Our power-conversion products are distinguished by their system-level nature; that is, they incorporate into a single product numerous elements of a power-conversion system including a high-voltage transistor, drivers, advanced control circuitry and, in some cases, a communication link connecting the primary (i.e., input) and secondary (i.e., output) sides of the power converter while maintaining safety isolation to protect the end user from exposure to high voltage. Alternatively, a power converter can be designed and assembled using discrete components purchased from a variety of suppliers. Our system-level products offer a number of important benefits compared with discrete designs, including: reduced design complexity; smaller size; lower component count, which in turn results in higher reliability and easier sourcing of components; reduced time-to-market; and more efficient use of engineering resources. Our products also reduce the energy consumption of power converters during normal use and in standby operation, when the end product is not in use. In addition to the environmental and economic benefits of reduced energy usage, our energy-saving technologies provide a number of benefits to our customers; these include helping them meet the increasingly stringent efficiency standards now in effect for many electronic products, and enabling the elimination of bulky, costly heatsinks used to dissipate the heat produced by wasted electricity. By reducing component count, circuit-board size and the need for heatsinks, our products also contribute to a reduction in materials usage and electronic waste. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 While the size of our addressable market fluctuates with changes in macroeconomic and industry conditions, the market has generally exhibited a modest growth rate over time as growth in the unit volume of power converters has been offset to a large degree by reductions in the average selling price of components in this market. Therefore, the growth of our business depends largely on increasing our penetration of the markets that we serve and on further expanding our addressable market. Our growth strategy includes the following elements: Increase our penetration of the markets we serve. We currently address AC-DC applications with power outputs up to approximately 500 watts, gate-driver applications ranging from approximately 100 kilowatts up to gigawatts, and motor-drive applications up to approximately one horsepower. Through our research and development efforts, we seek to introduce more advanced products for these markets offering higher levels of integration and performance compared to earlier products. We also continue to expand our sales and application-engineering staff and our network of distributors, as well as our offerings of technical documentation and design-support tools and services to help customers use our products. These tools and services include our PI Expert design software, which we offer free of charge, and our transformer-sample service. In 2022 we launched PowerPros , a live online video support service that enables power-supply designers to talk directly with members of our applications engineering team 24 hours a day, six days a week, anywhere in the world. 
 Capitalize on efforts to reduce carbon emissions by providing products that contribute to improved energy efficiency and increased use of renewable energy. In its 2019 World Energy Outlook , the International Energy Agency estimated that more than two-thirds of the reduction in carbon-dioxide CO2 emissions needed to achieve the Sustainable Development Scenario of the United Nations Sustainable Development Agenda is to come from improved energy efficiency and increased use of renewable energy. Energy savings enabled by our products help our customers comply with regulations that seek to curb energy consumption in support of reducing CO2 emissions. For example: our EcoSmart technology drastically reduces the amount of energy consumed by electronic products when they are plugged in but not in use; our PowiGaN gallium-nitride GaN transistors reduce energy consumption compared to silicon transistors; and our BridgeSwitch motor-driver ICs provide highly efficient power conversion for BLDC motors in appliances and industrial applications. Also, our gate-driver products are critical components in energy-efficient DC motor drives, solar- and wind-power systems, efficient high-voltage DC transmission systems (including transmission of energy from renewable energy installations to the power grid), and low-emissions transportation applications such as electric locomotives. Increase the size of our addressable market. Prior to 2010 our addressable market consisted of AC-DC applications with up to about 50 watts of output, a served available market SAM opportunity of approximately 1.5 billion. Since then we have expanded our SAM to approximately 4 billion through a variety of means. These include the introduction of products that enable us to address higher-power AC-DC applications (such as our Hiper product families), the introduction of LED-driver products, and our entry into the gate-driver market through the acquisition of CT-Concept Technologie AG in 2012. In 2016 we introduced the SCALE-iDriver TM family of ICs, broadening the range of gate-driver applications we can address. In 2018 we introduced our BridgeSwitch motor-driver ICs for BLDC motors; in 2024 we introduced BridgeSwitch-2, which expands our addressable power range of motor-drive applications. We have introduced a range of automotive-qualified products to address the EV market; we expect to introduce more such products in the future, and expect automotive applications to become a significant portion of our SAM over time. 
 Also contributing to our SAM expansion has been the emergence of new applications within the power ranges that our products can address. For example, applications such as smart utility meters, battery-powered lawn equipment and bicycles, and USB power receptacles (often installed alongside traditional AC wall outlets) can incorporate our products. The increased use of connectivity, LED lighting and other power-consuming electronic features in consumer appliances has also enhanced our SAM. We have also expanded our SAM through the development of technologies and architectures that increase the value (and therefore the average selling prices) of our products. For example, our InnoSwitch ICs integrate circuitry from the secondary, or low-voltage, side of AC-DC power supplies, 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 whereas earlier product families integrated circuitry only on the primary, or high-voltage side. Our InnoMux IC families provide up to three DC outputs, eliminating the need for additional power-management circuitry in certain end products requiring multiple voltages while significantly increasing efficiency. In 2019 we began incorporating our proprietary GaN transistors in some of our products, enabling a higher level of energy efficiency than ICs with silicon transistors. Since then, we have introduced a variety of new products utilizing GaN technology, as well as new generations of our GaN technology capable of supporting higher voltages (as high as 1700 volts). We are currently developing new products incorporating these technologies, which we believe will enable us to address higher-power applications than we address with our current range of products and therefore further expand our SAM. We intend to continue expanding our SAM in the years ahead through all of the means described above. Our quarterly operating results are difficult to predict and subject to significant fluctuations. We plan our production and inventory levels based on internal forecasts of projected customer demand, which are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate substantially. Customers typically may cancel or reschedule orders on short notice without significant penalty and, conversely, often place orders with very short lead times to delivery. Also, external factors such as supply-chain dynamics, widespread health emergencies like the COVID-19 pandemic, and macroeconomic conditions including inflation, fluctuations in interest and exchange rates and bank failures, have caused and can continue to cause our operating results to be volatile. Furthermore, because our industry is intensely price-sensitive, our gross margin (gross profit divided by net revenues) is subject to change based on the relative pricing of solutions that compete with ours. Variations in product mix, end-market mix and customer mix can also cause our gross margin to fluctuate. Because we purchase a large percentage of our silicon wafers from foundries located in Japan, our gross margin is influenced by fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Japanese yen. Changes in the prices of raw materials used in our products, such as copper and gold, can also affect our gross margin. Although our wafer fabrication and assembly operations are outsourced, as are most of our test operations, a portion of our production costs are fixed in nature. As a result, our unit costs and gross margin are impacted by the volume of units we produce. Recent Results Our net revenues were 115.8 million and 125.5 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 313.7 million and 355.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in net revenues for the three-month period was driven primarily by lower sales of our products for use in smartphone chargers, reflecting greater use of Chinese-made components in chargers manufactured for Chinese smartphone vendors, as well as increased decoupling of handsets and chargers. These decreases were partially offset by higher sales into the consumer and computer end-markets reflecting, respectively, the depletion of excess inventories related to the appliance market and the increased use of our products in chargers for notebook computers and other mobile devices. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, revenues for all but the consumer end-market category decreased compared to the corresponding prior-year period. In general, we believe that demand for our products has been negatively affected in recent periods by macroeconomic and geopolitical factors including reduced consumer spending and a reduction in home sales in response to inflation and higher interest rates, general economic weakness in China, weaker industrial activity and the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East. We believe these factors have exacerbated the effects of a cyclical downturn in the semiconductor industry; such downturns are commonly experienced following periods of strong growth during which supply-chain participants tend to accumulate excess inventories. Our top ten customers, including distributors that resell to OEMs and merchant power supply manufacturers, accounted for 78 of net revenues for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 83 and 81 in the corresponding periods of 2023. International sales accounted for 98 of our net revenues for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 98 in both the corresponding periods of 2023. Our gross margin was 55 and 53 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 53 and 52 for the corresponding nine-month periods. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to favorable end-market mix, with a greater percentage of revenues coming from the higher-margin industrial and consumer end-markets, and the favorable impact of the dollar/yen exchange rate on our wafer costs. Total operating expenses were 51.6 million and 48.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 153.5 million and 146.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 respectively. The increase in operating expenses for the three- and nine-month periods was primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expense related to performance-based awards, and higher salaries and related expenses driven by higher headcount and annual salary increases. P artially offsetting these increases for the nine-month period were decreased product-development expenses. In addition, we recognized a credit in the three months ended September 30, 2024 related to the recovery of bad debt. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those listed below. We base our estimates on historical facts and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable at the time the estimates are made. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Critical accounting policies are important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements , in each case in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 12, 2024. Currently, our only critical accounting policies relate to revenue recognition and estimating write-downs for excess and obsolete inventory. Results of Operations The following table sets forth certain operating data as a percentage of net revenues for the periods indicated: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of revenues 45.5 47.5 46.6 48.5 Gross profit 54.5 52.5 53.4 51.5 Operating expenses: Research and development 22.3 19.2 23.9 20.4 Sales and marketing 14.8 12.9 16.2 13.8 General and administrative 7.5 6.3 8.8 7.0 Total operating expenses 44.6 38.4 48.9 41.2 Income from operations 9.9 14.1 4.5 10.3 Other income 2.4 2.5 3.0 2.1 Income before income taxes 12.3 16.6 7.5 12.4 Provision for income taxes 0.8 0.1 0.6 Net income 12.3 15.8 7.4 11.8 Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Net revenues. Net revenues consist of revenues from product sales, which are calculated net of returns and allowances. Net revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 115.8 million and 313.7 million, respectively, and 125.5 million and 355.0 million, i n the corresponding periods of 2023 . The decrease in net revenues for the three-month period was driven primarily by lower sales of our products for use in smartphone chargers, reflecting greater use of Chinese-made components in chargers manufactured for Chinese smartphone vendors, as well as increased decoupling of handsets and chargers. These decreases were partially offset by higher sales into the consumer and computer end-markets reflecting, respectively, the depletion of excess inventories related to the appliance market and increased use of our products in chargers for notebook computers and other mobile devices. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, revenues for all but the consumer end-market category decreased compared to the corresponding prior-year period. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Our revenue mix by end market for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was as follows: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, End Market 2024 2023 2024 2023 Communications 12 32 11 30 Computer 14 10 14 12 Consumer 38 26 40 26 Industrial 36 32 35 32 International sales, consisting of sales outside of the United States of America based on bill to customer locations, were 114.1 million and 308.7 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 123.3 million and 348.1 million in the corresponding periods of 2023. Although power converters using our products are distributed to end markets worldwide, most are manufactured in Asia. As a result, sales to this region represented 85 and 84 of our net revenues in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 84 in both the corresponding periods of 2023. We expect international sales, and sales to the Asia region in particular, to continue to account for a large portion of our net revenues in the future. Sales to distributors accounted for 70 of our net revenues in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 74 and 67 in the corresponding periods of 2023. Direct sales to OEMs and power-supply manufacturers accounted for the remainder. The following customers represented 10 or more of our net revenues for the respective periods: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, Customer 2024 2023 2024 2023 Avnet 31 28 30 26 Honestar Technologies Co., Ltd. 10 23 11 17 Salcomp Group 11 

 Total customer revenue was less than 10 of net revenues. No other customers accounted for 10 or more of our net revenues in these periods. Gross profit. Gross profit is net revenues less cost of revenues. Our cost of revenues consists primarily of the purchase of wafers from our contracted foundries, the assembly, packaging and testing of our products by sub-contractors, product testing performed in our own facility, overhead associated with the management of our supply chain. Gross margin is gross profit divided by net revenues. The following table compares gross profit and gross margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenues 115.8 125.5 313.7 355.0 Gross profit 63.2 65.9 167.5 182.7 Gross margin 54.5 52.5 53.4 51.5 The increase in gross margin was primarily due to favorable end-market mix, with a greater percentage of revenues coming from the higher-margin industrial and consumer end-markets, and the favorable impact of the dollar/yen exchange rate on our wafer costs. 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Research and development expenses. Research and development R D expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, including stock-based compensation, and expensed material and facility costs associated with the development of new technologies and products. We also record R D expenses for prototype wafers related to new products until such products are released to production. The table below compares R D expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 R D expenses 25.8 24.1 75.1 72.6 Headcount (at period end) 319 290 319 290 R D expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding periods of 2023. The increase for the three-month period was primarily due to higher salaries and related expenses driven by higher headcount and annual salary increases, as well as increased product-development expenses. The increase for the nine-month period was primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expense related to performance-based awards, as well as higher salaries and related expenses driven by higher headcount and annual salary increases. These increases were partially offset by decreased product-development expenses . Sales and marketing expenses. Sales and marketing S M expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, including stock-based compensation, commissions to sales representatives, amortization of intangible assets and facilities expenses, including expenses associated with our regional sales and support offices. The table below compares S M expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales and marketing expenses 17.1 16.2 50.9 49.1 Headcount (at period end) 325 320 325 320 S M expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding periods of 2023, primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expense related to performance-based awards, as well as higher salaries and related expenses driven by higher headcount and annual salary increases . General and administrative expenses. General and administrative G A expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expense, for administration, finance, human resources and general management, as well as consulting, professional services, legal and audit expenses. The table below compares G A expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 G A expenses 8.6 7.9 27.5 25.0 Headcount (at period end) 78 73 78 73 G A expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding periods of 2023, primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expense related to performance-based awards, as well as higher salaries and related expenses due to annual salary increases. The increase was partially offset for the three months due to a credit related to the recovery of bad debt. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Other income . Other income consists primarily of interest income earned on cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and other investments, and the impact of foreign exchange gains or losses. The table below compares other income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Other income 2.8 3.1 9.4 7.6 Other income decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period of 2023, as higher interest income driven by higher rates on investments was offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates during the period. Other income increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period of 2023, primarily due to higher interest income. Provision for income taxes . Provision for income taxes represents federal, state and foreign taxes. The table below compares income-tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, (dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Provision for income taxes 1.1 0.4 2.2 Effective tax rate 0.3 5.1 1.5 5.1 Income-tax expense includes a provision for federal, state and foreign taxes based on the annual estimated effective tax rate applicable to us and our subsidiaries, adjusted for certain discrete items which are fully recognized in the period in which they occur. Accordingly, the interim effective tax rate may not be reflective of the annual estimated effective tax rate. Our effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 0.3 and 1.5 , respectively, as compared to 5.1 in both the corresponding periods of 2023. The effective tax rate in these periods was lower than the statutory federal income-tax rate of 21 due to the geographic distribution of our world-wide earnings in lower-tax jurisdictions and the impact of federal research tax credits. Additionally, i n the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our effective tax rate was also favorably impacted by the recognition of excess tax benefits related to share-based payments and by discrete items associated with the release of unrecognized tax benefits. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, our effective tax rate was favorably impacted by a discrete item associated with recognition of excess tax benefits related to share-based payments. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, our effective tax rate was also favorably impacted by discrete items associated with the release of unrecognized tax benefits. These benefits were partially offset by U.S. tax on foreign income, known as global intangible low-taxed income. The primary jurisdiction from which our foreign earnings are derived is the Cayman Islands, which is a non-taxing jurisdiction. Income earned in other foreign jurisdictions was not material. We have not been granted any incentivized tax rates and do not operate under any tax holidays in any jurisdiction. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, we had 303.8 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities, a decrease of 7.8 million from 311.6 million as of December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, we had working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, of 457.1 million, a decrease of approximately 5.6 million from 462.7 million as of December 31, 2023. We have a credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (the "Credit Agreement") that provides us with a 75.0 million revolving line of credit to use for general corporate purposes with a 20.0 million sub-limit for the issuance of standby and trade letters of credit. The Credit Agreement was amended on June 7, 2021, to provide an alternate borrowing rate as a replacement for LIBOR and extend the termination date from April 30, 2022, to June 7, 2026, with all other terms remaining the same. The Credit Agreement was amended with an effective date of June 28, 2023 to include the Secured Overnight Financing Rates SOFR as interest rate benchmark rates, with all other terms remaining the same. Our ability to borrow under the revolving line of credit is conditioned upon our compliance with specified covenants, including reporting and financial covenants, primarily a minimum liquidity measure and a debt to earnings ratio, with which we are currently in compliance. The Credit Agreement terminates on June 7, 2026; any advances under the 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 revolving line of credit would become due on such date, or earlier in the event of a default. No advances were outstanding under the agreement as of September 30, 2024. Cash from Operating Activities Operating activities generated 66.5 million of cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Net income for this period was 23.1 million; we also incurred non-cash stock-based compensation expense, depreciation, increase in deferred tax assets, accretion of discount on marketable securities, and amortization of intangibles of 25.8 million, 25.6 million, 8.7 million, 1.3 million and 1.1 million, respectively. Sources of cash included a 5.6 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets and an increase of 1.9 million in accounts payable. These sources of cash were partially offset by a 4.5 million increase in inventories and a 1.5 million increase in accounts receivable due to timing of customer payments. Operating activities generated 49.5 million of cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net income for this period was 41.5 million; we also incurred depreciation, non-cash stock-based compensation expense, increase in deferred tax assets and amortization of intangibles of 26.3 million, 21.0 million, 10.0 million and 1.6 million, respectively. Sources of cash were partially offset by a 14.8 million increase in inventories reflecting a slowdown in sales driven by factors described above, a 7.2 million increase in accounts receivable, a 5.0 million decrease in taxes payable and accrued liabilities primarily due to timing of customer rebate payments, a 2.9 million decrease in accounts payable (excluding payables related to property and equipment) due to timing of payments and a 0.8 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets primarily due to federal income tax prepayments. Cash from Investing Activities Our investing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted in a 17.5 million net use of cash, primarily consisting of 14.2 million used for purchases of property and equipment (primarily production-related machinery and equipment) and 9.5 million for the Odyssey acquisition, partially offset by 6.2 million of proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities, net of purchases. Our investing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 resulted in 25.9 million net use of cash, primarily consisting of 11.1 million used for purchases of marketable securities net of proceeds from sales and maturities, and 14.7 million used for purchases of property and equipment, primarily production-related machinery and equipment. Cash from Financing Activities Our financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted in a 54.4 million net use of cash, consisting of 34.1 million for the payment of dividends to stockholders and 26.0 million for the repurchase of our common stock, partially offset by proceeds of 5.7 million from the issuance of shares through our employee stock purchase plan. Our financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 resulted in a 34.3 million net use of cash, consisting of 32.7 million for the payment of dividends to stockholders and 7.8 million for the repurchase of our common stock, partially offset by 6.2 million from the issuance of shares through our employee stock purchase plan. Dividends In February 2023, our board of directors declared dividends of 0.19 per share to be paid to stockholders of record at the end of each quarter in 2023. In October 2023, our board of directors raised the quarterly cash dividend with the declaration of five cash dividends of 0.20 per share to be paid at the end of the fourth quarter of 2023 (in lieu of the previously declared dividend of 0.19 per share) and at the end of each quarter in 2024. In October 2024, our board of directors raised the quarterly cash dividend again with the declaration of five cash dividends of 0.21 per share to be paid at the end of the fourth quarter of 2024 (in lieu of the previously declared dividend of 0.20 per share) and at the end of each quarter in 2025. Dividend payouts of 11.4 million occurred on March 28, 2024, June 28, 2024 and September 30, 2024. The declaration of any future cash dividend is at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors, as well as a determination that cash dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders. 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 Stock Repurchases As of December 31, 2023, we had 26.0 million remaining under our stock-repurchase program . We exhausted this authorization in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, purchasing approximately 371,000 shares of our common stock for 26.0 million . In October 2024, our board of directors authorized the use of 50.0 million for the repurchase of our common stock, with repurchases to be executed according to pre-defined price/volume guidelines. The program has no expiration date. Authorization of future repurchase programs is at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions and other factors. Contractual Commitments As of September 30, 2024, there were no material changes in our contractual commitments from those reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Other Information Our cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may change in future periods due to changes in our planned cash outlays, including changes in incremental costs such as direct and integration costs related to future acquisitions. Current U.S. tax laws generally allow companies to repatriate accumulated foreign earnings without incurring additional U.S. federal taxes. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024, our worldwide cash and marketable securities are available to fund capital allocation needs, including capital and internal investments, acquisitions, stock repurchases and/or dividends without incurring additional U.S. federal income taxes. If our operating results deteriorate in future periods, either as a result of a decrease in customer demand or pricing pressures from our customers or our competitors, or for other reasons, our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations may be jeopardized. In that case, we may be forced to use our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, use our current financing or seek additional financing from third parties to fund our operations. We believe that cash generated from operations, together with existing sources of liquidity, will satisfy our projected working capital and other cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our uses of cash beyond the next 12 months will depend on many factors, including the general economic environment in which we operate and our ability to generate cash flow from operations, which are uncertain but include funding our operations and additional capital expenditures. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements, in our Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which information is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK There have been no material changes to our interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk during the first nine months of 2024. For a discussion of our exposure to interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk, refer to our market risk disclosures set forth in Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk of the 2023 Form 10-K. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Limitation on Effectiveness of Controls Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance as to the tested objectives. The design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. The inherent limitations in any control system include the realities that judgments related to decision-making can be faulty, and that reduced effectiveness in controls can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Due to the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error may occur and may not be detected. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Management is required to evaluate our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on our management s evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. PART II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 12, Legal Proceedings and Contingencies, in our Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which information is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As of the date of this filing, the risk factors have not changed materially from those disclosed in Part I Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which risk factors are incorporated herein by reference in this report from Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 12, 2024. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans During the three months ended September 30, 2024, of our directors or executive officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Incorporation by Reference EXHIBIT NUMBER Exhibit Description Form File Number Exhibit/Other Reference Filing Date Filed Herewith 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation 10-K 000-23441 3.1 2/29/2012 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 8-K 000-23441 3.1 4/26/2013 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 All references in the table above to previously filed documents or descriptions are incorporating those documents and descriptions by reference thereto. 

 The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 accompanying this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, are not deemed filed with the SEC, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Power Integrations, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. POWER INTEGRATIONS, INC. Dated: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ S ANDEEP N AYYAR Sandeep Nayyar Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

 35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 powi-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 POWI - Q3 24 - EX31.1 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Balu Balakrishnan certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Power Integrations, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: 

 November 6, 2024 

 By: 

 /s/ BALU BALAKRISHNAN 

Balu Balakrishnan Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 powi-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2
 
 POWI - Q3 24 - EX31.2 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, Sandeep Nayyar, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Power Integrations, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: 

 November 6, 2024 

 By: 

 /s/ SANDEEP NAYYAR 

Sandeep Nayyar Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 powi-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1
 
 POWI - Q3 24 - EX32.1 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Power Integrations, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Balu Balakrishnan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 906 ), certify to the best of my knowledge that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 

 November 6, 2024 

 By: 

 /s/ BALU BALAKRISHNAN 

Balu Balakrishnan Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 powi-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2
 
 POWI - Q3 24 - EX32.2 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Power Integrations, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sandeep Nayyar, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 906 ), certify to the best of my knowledge that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 

 November 6, 2024 

 By: 

 /s/ SANDEEP NAYYAR 

Sandeep Nayyar Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 powi-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 powi-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 powi-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 powi-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

