<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1866001_0001213900-24-095971.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3752050</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105915</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>858353</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>741910</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>904011</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1069170</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-095971.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108170023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-095971
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JVSPAC Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001866001
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41922
		FILM NUMBER:		241441594

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		G/F HANG TAK BUILDING, 1 ELECTRIC STREET
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 9258 9728

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		G/F HANG TAK BUILDING, 1 ELECTRIC STREET
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-095971.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 ea0217801-10q_jvspac.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on 
Which Registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Check
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

As of November 8, 2024, Class A ordinary
shares and Class B ordinary share were issued and outstanding. 

JVSPAC ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of Operations For The Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) For The Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows For The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 19 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 
 24 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 24 
 
 Part II. Other Information 
 
 25 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 25 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 26 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 26 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 26 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 26 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 26 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 
 27 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are not historical facts,
and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements,
other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in the Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, 
 believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar
words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events
or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could
cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking
statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on April 1, 2024 and
the Company s final prospectus for its initial public offering filed with the SEC on January 19, 2024. The Company s securities
filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Except as expressly required by applicable
securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

JVSPAC ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Investment held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Promissory note related party 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption shares and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preference shares, no par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 5,750,000 subject to possible redemption) at September 30, 2024; none issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 

Class B ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) 

Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

JVSPAC ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 For The Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income Trust 

Interest income Bank 

Total other income 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Non-redeemable Class A and Class B ordinary shares 

(1) 
 Includes up to 187,500 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). On January 23, 2024, Company consummated its IPO and sold 5,750,000 Units, including 750,000 Units sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional units to cover the over-allotment, hence the 187,500 shares of Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

JVSPAC ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares (1) 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Retained Earnings (Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit) 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance December 31, 2023 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights, net of issuance costs of 

Sale of Private Placement Units, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of Representative Shares 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Class B Ordinary Shares (1) 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2023 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

JVSPAC ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Operating expenses paid by Sponsor from issuance of Promissory Note 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Public Units 

Payment of underwriting commissions 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Re-measurement of carrying value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Representative shares issued and charged to offering costs 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

JVSPAC ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

additional Units. On January 23, 2024, the Company consummated its IPO of units Units ), which
includes the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, par
value per share, and right to receive of one-fourth of Class A ordinary share upon the completion of the initial Business
Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of . 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO
and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of units (the Private
Placement Units to Winky Investments Limited, the Company s sponsor (the Sponsor ), at a price of approximately
 per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to consisting
of of underwriting commissions which was paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO, of the Representative Shares (as
defined in Note 6 ), and of other offering costs. 

In conjunction with the IPO, the Company issued
to the underwriter Class A ordinary shares for no consideration (the Representative Shares ). The fair value of the
Representative Shares accounted for as compensation under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation
 Stock Compensation ASC 718 is included in the offering costs. The estimated fair value of the Representative
Shares as of the IPO date totaled . 

Following the closing of the IPO on January 23,
2024, an amount of per Unit) from the proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO was placed in a trust account (the
 Trust Account ). The funds placed in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity
of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest
only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that
may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the private placement will not be released from
the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of any public
shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the public shares if the
Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (defined below) or (B) with respect to any
other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (iii) the redemption of all of the
public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (defined below), subject
to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the creditors, if any, which could
have priority over the claims of the public shareholders. 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private Placement Units, although substantially all of
the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to complete a business combination successfully. The initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses
or assets having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the value of the Trust Account (defined below) (less any taxes payable
on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to the Company for taxes) at the time of signing a definitive
agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business
Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business
Combination. 

5 

per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional per unit
in the event that the Sponsor elects to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination, as described in more detail in
the IPO). 

The Company accounted for its Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity 
(ASC 480). Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) will be classified as a liability instrument and will be measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that features redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control)
will be classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares will be classified as stockholders equity. In accordance
with ASC 480-10-S99, the Company classified the Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption outside of permanent equity as the redemption
provisions are not solely within the control of the Company. Given that the Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units
in the IPO were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., rights), the initial carrying value of Class A ordinary shares classified
as temporary equity was the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. If it is probable that the equity instrument
will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date
of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption
date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the
instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes in redemption
value as a charge against retained earnings or, in the absence of retained earnings, as a charge against additional paid-in-capital over
an expected 12-month period leading up to a business combination. 

The Company will have only 12 months from the
closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of the IPO if the Company extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination
by the full amount of time) (the Combination Period to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company has not
completed the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Board of Directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under British Virgin Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The underwriters, the Sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed to (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), Representative s
Shares (as defined in Note 6) and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete
the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination
Period). If the Company submits the initial Business Combination to the public shareholders for a vote, the underwriters, the Sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into
with the Company, to vote any Founder Shares and Representative s Shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or
after the IPO in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

6 

per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust Account
as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access
to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company has not independently
verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believes that the Sponsor s only assets
are sec urities of the Company. The Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve
for such obligations. 

On April 8, 2024, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Original Merger Agreement and, as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Merger Agreement with (i) Hotel101 Global Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Singapore Hotel101 Global ), (ii) Hotel of Asia, Inc., a company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Philippines Hotel of Asia and together with Hotel101 Global, the Target Parties ), (iii) DoubleDragon Corporation, a company incorporated under the laws of the Philippines and listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange, Inc. DoubleDragon (iv) DDPC Worldwide Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Singapore and a wholly-owned subsidiary of DoubleDragon DDPC ), (v) Hotel101 Worldwide Private Limited, a private company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Singapore Hotel101 Worldwide , and together with DDPC, and DoubleDragon, the Principal Shareholders ), (vi) Hotel101 Global Holdings Corp., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of DoubleDragon PubCo ), (vii) HGHC 4 Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Singapore and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub 1 ), and (viii) HGHC 3 Corp., a British Virgin Islands business company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub 2 ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, among other things, (i) prior to the Company Amalgamation and SPAC Merger (each as defined below), DoubleDragon will transfer of the total issued share capital of Hotel of Asia to PubCo (the Share Transfer in exchange for PubCo Class A ordinary shares (the Transfer Payment Shares pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement, (ii) prior to the Company Amalgamation and SPAC Merger (each as defined below), DDPC will transfer to Hotel101 Global certain real estate-related properties free and clear of any encumbrances in exchange for the issuance of ordinary shares in the capital of Hotel101 Global to DDPC (the Property Transfer ), (iii) Hotel101 Global and Merger Sub 1 will amalgamate, with Hotel101 Global being the surviving entity and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo Company Amalgamation and (iv) the Company will merge with and into Merger Sub 2, with the Company being the surviving entity and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo (the SPAC Merger ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid to DDPC, Hotel 101 Worldwide and certain key executives of the Target Parties is an aggregate of which will be paid entirely in stock, comprised of newly issued ordinary shares of PubCo at a price of per share (the Closing Payment Shares ). 

The
Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed
Merger is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

See the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the
Company with the SEC on April 8, 2024 for additional information. 

 On September 3, 2024, the Company entered into
the First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger (the First Amendment with the Target Parties, the Principal Shareholders,
PubCo, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2, that amended and modified the Original Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the First Amendment, (i) prior
to the SPAC Merger and the Company Amalgamation, DoubleDragon will transfer of the total issued share capital of Hotel of Asia to
Hotel101 Global, in exchange for the issuance of Hotel101 Global Shares, (ii) at the Company Amalgamation Effective Time, Hotel101
Global and Merger Sub 1 shall amalgamate and continue as one company, with Hotel101 Global being the surviving entity, and as a wholly
owned subsidiary of PubCo, (iii) at the SPAC Merger Effective Time, Merger Sub 2 shall merge with and into the Company with the Company
being the surviving entity, and a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, (iv) the definitions and provisions of Closing Payment Shares ,
 Consideration Shares , Hotel101 Global Shareholder Approval and Share Purchase Agreement were
amended, (v) at the Company Amalgamation Effective Time, each of Hotel101 Global Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Company Amalgamation Effective Time shall automatically be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive one PubCo Ordinary Share to
be issued on the Closing Date, aggregating to PubCo Ordinary Shares in total, (vi) certain representations and warranties
of the parties and certain covenants regarding D O Tail Insurance, financial statements, minority shareholder rights, and other matters
were amended, (vii) if the Closing is not expected to occur by January 23, 2025 and termination of the Merger Agreement has not occurred,
then Hotel101 Global shall deposit into the Company s working capital account US to extend the existence and cover certain
expenses of the Company, as further described in the First Amendment, (viii) modifications were made to the termination provisions and
the Termination Fee was increased to US , and (ix) certain schedules and exhibits to the Original Merger Agreement were amended. 

See the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the
Company with the SEC on September 5, 2024 for additional information. 

7 

and a working capital of . The Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the
expenses of the IPO. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and shall be payable promptly after the date on which the Company
consummates an initial public offering of its securities or the date on which the Company determines not to conduct an initial public
offering of its securities. As of September 30, 2024, the balance of under the promissory note remained unpaid and will be due
as demanded. 

The Company expects to continue to incur significant
professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of
a Business Combination. The Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete its Business Combination or because it
becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of its Business Combination, in which case, subject
to compliance with applicable securities laws, the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt prior to or in connection with
such Business Combination. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The management s
plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the Working Capital Loans. 

The Company initially has until January 23, 2025
to consummate the initial Business Combination (assume no extensions). If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the Company
will trigger an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association. Notwithstanding management s belief that the Company would have sufficient funds to execute its business strategy,
there is a possibility that business combination might not happen within the 12-month period from the date the unaudited condensed financial
statements were issued. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential
subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, management
believes that it would be prudent to include in its disclosure language about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination or the date the Company is required to liquidate. No adjustments have
been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after January 23, 2025 (assume
no extensions). 

Risks and Uncertainties 

As a result of the military action commenced in
February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions, the Company s ability
to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business
Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent
on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility,
or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this
action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations
and/or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

8 

9 

and in cash, and
 no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

consisting principally
of underwriting, legal and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the Public Offering and are charged
to shareholders equity upon the completion of the Public Offering. The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A - Expenses of Offering . The Company allocates offering costs
among Public Shares, Public Rights and Private Placement Units based on the relative fair values of Public Shares, Public Rights and Private
Placement Units. Accordingly, was allocated to Public Shares and charged to temporary equity, and was allocated to
Public Rights and Private Placement Units and charged to shareholders equity. 

Class A ordinary
shares sold as part of the Company s IPO were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., Public Units), the initial carrying
value of Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity has been allocated to the proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20.
The Company s Class A ordinary shares is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable,
the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the
date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument
or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal
the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes in redemption value in additional
paid-in capital (or accumulated deficit in the absence of additional paid-in capital) over an expected 12-month period, which is the initial
period that the Company has to complete a Business Combination. 

10 

Less: 

Proceeds Allocated to Public Rights 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, March 31, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, June 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 

11 

Class
A Ordinary Shares in the aggregate. The Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was
not exercised by the underwriters were not included in the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding until the fully exercise
of the over-allotment by the underwriters on January 23, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive
securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares that then share in the earnings
of the Company. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic net income (loss) per ordinary share for
the periods presented. 

Remeasurement for ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Net loss including accretion of ordinary shares to redemption value 

Remeasurement for ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

12 

Units, including Units issued to the underwriter pursuant to the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised in full, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share with no par
value and right (the Public Right ). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-fourth (1/4) of Class A
ordinary share upon the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares
upon conversion of the rights, as disclosed in Note 7. 

Transaction costs amounted to consisting
of of underwriting commissions which was paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO, of the Representative Shares (As
defined in Note 6), and of other offering costs. 

private placement units at a price of per unit for an aggregate
purchase price of . Each Private Placement Unit was identical to the units sold in the IPO, except as described below. 

There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares, private placement shares or private placement rights. The rights
will expire worthless if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within the allotted 12-month period (or up to 18 months
from the completion of the IPO if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time). 

The private placement units, private placement
shares, private placement rights and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such rights will not be transferable, assignable or salable
by the Sponsor until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, except to permitted transferees. 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain of the offering and formation costs in exchange for an aggregate of
 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares with no par value, of which are subject to forfeiture
depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised. On January 23, 2024, the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option in full, hence, all Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

13 

vote. 

The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of the initial Business Combination
or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the Company s public shareholders having the right to exchange their
ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price
of the Company s ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights
issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day after the
initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

The Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up
to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and shall be payable
promptly after the date on which the Company consummates an IPO. As of September 30, 2024, the balance of under the promissory note remained unpaid and will be due as demanded. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an intended Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company
completes the initial Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans
but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into units at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the Private
Placement Units issued to our sponsor. The terms of Working Capital Loans by the Company s officers and directors, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company
had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Directors Compensation 

The Company has entered into a letter agreement
pursuant to which it will also pay each of its independent directors per annum, for an aggregate total of per annum as remuneration.
Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these yearly fees.
As of September 30, 2024 the Company paid an aggregate of for such expenses, which was reported as consulting expense in the accompanying
statement of operations. As of September 30, 2023, the Company did not accrue any amount for such expenses. 

Extension Loan 

The Company will have until months from the
closing of the IPO to consummate an initial Business Combination. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate
the initial Business Combination within months, it may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times,
each by an additional three months (for a total of up to months to complete a Business Combination). Pursuant to the terms of the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company on January 18, 2024, in order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate the initial Business Combination,
the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon two days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the Trust
Account , or up to if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full per share in either case)
on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of (or 
if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), or per share if the Company extends for the full six months).
Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan (the Extension Loans ). Any such loans will be non-interest bearing
and payable upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination. If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, it would
repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination, the Company will not repay such loans. Furthermore, the letter agreement with the initial shareholder contains a provision
pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the Trust Account in
the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination. The Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to
fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete the initial Business Combination. 

14 

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain
 piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial
Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities
Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities
Act to become effective until termination of the applicable Lock-up period. Notwithstanding the above, the shares issued to the underwriters
in the IPO will be further subject to the limitations on registration requirements imposed by FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). The Company
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Right of First Refusal 

For a period beginning on the closing of the IPO
and ending 12 months from the closing of a Business Combination, the Company has granted the underwriter a right of first refusal
to act as sole underwriter, sole book-running manager and sole placement agent for any and all future private or public equity, equity-linked,
convertible and debt offerings during such 12 months from the closing of a Business Combination of the Company, or any successor to or
any subsidiary of the Company. For the sake of clarity, this right of refusal shall encompass the time period leading up to the closing
of the Business Combination while the Company is still a special purpose acquisition company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in event
that a target company in connection with a Business Combination sources a private placement of public equity (a PIPE ),
the aforementioned right of refusal reference shall not apply in such a limited instance. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6)(A),
such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three years from the commencement of sales in the IPO. 

Underwriter Agreement 

The underwriter had a -day option from
the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. The underwriter exercised the over
- allotment option in fully upon the closing of the IPO. 

The underwriter was paid for the underwriter s
discount, upon the closing of the IPO. Additionally, the underwriter was entitled Representative Shares that were registered in
the IPO, for no consideration, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriter has agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any such shares until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, the underwriter has agreed (and its permitted
transferees will agree) (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such
shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA
and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in the IPO
pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). 

Merger Agreement 

On April 8, 2024, the Company entered into the
Original Merger Agreement with (i) Hotel101 Global, (ii) Hotel of Asia (and together with Hotel101 Global, the Target Parties ),
(iii) DoubleDragon; (iv) DDPC, (v) Hotel101 Worldwide, and together with DDPC, and DoubleDragon, the Principal Shareholders, (vi) PubCo,
(vii) Merger Sub 1, and (viii) Merger Sub 2. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, among other things, (i) prior to the Company Amalgamation
and SPAC Merger (each as defined below), DoubleDragon will transfer of the total issued share capital of Hotel of Asia to PubCo in
exchange for PubCo Class A ordinary shares pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement, (ii) prior to the Company Amalgamation and
SPAC Merger (each as defined below), DDPC will transfer to Hotel101 Global certain real estate-related properties free and clear of any
encumbrances in exchange for the issuance of ordinary shares in the capital of Hotel101 Global to DDPC, (iii) Hotel101 Global and Merger
Sub 1 will amalgamate, with Hotel101 Global being the surviving entity and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo and (iv) the Company
will merge with and into Merger Sub 2, with the Company being the surviving entity and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo. Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration to be paid to DDPC, Hotel 101 Worldwide and certain key executives of
the Target Parties is an aggregate of which will be paid entirely in stock, comprised of newly issued ordinary shares of
PubCo at a price of per share. 

15 

of the total issued share capital of Hotel of Asia to Hotel101 Global, in exchange for the issuance of Hotel101
Global Shares, (ii) at the Company Amalgamation Effective Time, Hotel101 Global and Merger Sub 1 shall amalgamate and continue as one
company, with Hotel101 Global being the surviving entity, and as a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, (iii) at the SPAC Merger Effective
Time, Merger Sub 2 shall merge with and into the Company with the Company being the surviving entity, and a wholly owned subsidiary of
PubCo, (iv) the definitions and provisions of Closing Payment Shares , Consideration Shares , Hotel101
Global Shareholder Approval and Share Purchase Agreement were amended, (v) at the Company Amalgamation Effective
Time, each of Hotel101 Global Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Company Amalgamation Effective Time shall automatically
be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive one PubCo Ordinary Share to be issued on the Closing Date, aggregating to 
PubCo Ordinary Shares in total, (vi) certain representations and warranties of the parties and certain covenants regarding D O Tail
Insurance, financial statements, minority shareholder rights, and other matters were amended, (vii) if the Closing is not expected to
occur by January 23, 2025 and termination of the Merger Agreement has not occurred, then Hotel101 Global shall deposit into the Company s
working capital account US to extend the existence and cover certain expenses of the Company, as further described in the First
Amendment, (viii) modifications were made to the termination provisions and the Termination Fee was increased to US , and (ix)
certain schedules and exhibits to the Original Merger Agreement were amended. 

See the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the
Company with the SEC on September 5, 2024 for additional information. 

preferred shares with no par value. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were no shares of preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares with no par value. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were and no Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B Ordinary Shares 
The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares with no par value. On April 20, 2021, the Company s
Sponsor paid , or approximately per share, to cover certain of the offering and formation costs in exchange for an aggregate
of Class B ordinary shares with no par value, of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which
the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised. On January 23, 2024, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option
in full, hence, all Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were Class B ordinary shares issued or outstanding. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on
a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution right, share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein and in the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed
issued in excess of the amounts sold in the IPO and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio at which the
Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the
issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or
deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will
equal, in the aggregate, of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, including pursuant to
the Over-Allotment Option, plus all Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued, or issuable upon the conversion or exercise
of any equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with or in relation to the initial Business Combination, excluding
any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination or any private placement-equivalent
securities issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company. 

16 

vote. 

Rights As of September
30, 2024, there were rights outstanding. At December 31, 2023, there were no right outstanding. Each holder of a right will
receive one-fourth (1/4) of Class A ordinary share upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, even if the holder
of such right redeemed all Class A ordinary shares held by it in connection with the initial Business Combination. No additional
consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of an initial
Business Combination, as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in the IPO.
If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the
definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the Class A
ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into Class A ordinary share basis, and each holder of a right
will be required to affirmatively convert its rights in order to receive the 1/4 share underlying each right (without paying any additional
consideration) upon consummation of the Business Combination. More specifically, the right holder will be required to indicate its election
to convert the rights into underlying shares as well as to return the original rights certificates to the Company. 

If the Company is unable to complete an initial
Business Combination within the required time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights
will not receive any such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held
outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. 

As soon as practicable upon the consummation of
the initial Business Combination, the Company will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to the rights agent.
Upon receipt of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such rights the number of full Class A ordinary
shares to which it is entitled. The Company will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights agent promptly
upon consummation of such Business Combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging their rights
for Class A ordinary shares should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in
nature and is not intended to provide the Company with any means of avoiding the Company s obligation to issue the shares underlying
the rights upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder
are valid, the Company will have no ability to avoid delivery of the shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual
penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

The shares issuable upon conversion of the rights
will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company s). The Company will not issue fractional shares
upon conversion of the rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance
with the applicable provisions of British Virgin Island s law. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 4 in order to receive
shares for all of the investors rights upon closing of a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial
Business Combination within the required time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights
will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets
held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual
penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. Accordingly,
the rights may expire worthless. 

17 

18 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to JVSA , our , we, us or the Company refer to JVSPAC
Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors,
and references to the Sponsor refer to Winky Investments Limited. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that
are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected
and projected. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. All statements,
other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the Proposed Business Combination
(as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek, should, could, would, plan, continue, 
and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available.
A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed
in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the Proposed Business Combination are not satisfied. For information
identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements,
please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands on April 20, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash
derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, our shares, debt or a combination
of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

On January 23, 2024, the Company consummated
its Initial Public Offering and sold 5,750,000 Units, including 750,000 Units sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters 
option to purchase additional units to cover the over-allotment, hence the 187,500 shares of Class B ordinary shares were subsequently
forfeited. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one Right to receive one-fourth of one Class A ordinary share upon the
consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of 57,500,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an aggregate 240,000 Private Placement
Units, which included the additional 7,500 Private Placement Units sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option
to cover the over-allotment. 

Upon closing of the Initial Public Offering,
the Private Placement, and the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, a total of 57,500,000 was placed in the Trust Account. 

19 

On April 8, 2024, the Company entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Original Merger Agreement , as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Merger Agreement with (i) Hotel101 Global Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated
under the laws of Singapore Hotel101 Global ), (ii) Hotel of Asia, Inc., a company with limited liability incorporated under
the laws of the Philippines Hotel of Asia and together with Hotel101 Global, the Target Parties ), (iii) DoubleDragon
Corporation, a company incorporated under the laws of the Philippines and listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange, Inc. DoubleDragon 
(iv) DDPC Worldwide Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Singapore and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of DoubleDragon DDPC ), (v) Hotel101 Worldwide Private Limited, a private company limited by shares incorporated under the
laws of Singapore Hotel101 Worldwide , and together with DDPC, and DoubleDragon, the Principal Shareholders ),
(vi) Hotel101 Global Holdings Corp., an exempted company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and
a wholly-owned subsidiary of DoubleDragon PubCo ), (vii) HGHC 4 Pte. Ltd., a private company limited by shares incorporated
under the laws of Singapore and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub 1 ), and (viii) HGHC 3 Corp., a British Virgin
Islands business company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo Merger Sub 2 ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, (i) prior
to the Company Amalgamation and SPAC Merger (each as defined below), DoubleDragon will transfer 40 of the total issued share capital
of Hotel of Asia to PubCo (the Share Transfer in exchange for 30,935,563 PubCo Class A ordinary shares (the Transfer
Payment Shares pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement, (ii) prior to the Company Amalgamation and SPAC Merger (each as defined
below), DDPC will transfer to Hotel101 Global certain real estate-related properties free and clear of any encumbrances in exchange for
the issuance of ordinary shares in the capital of Hotel101 Global to DDPC (the Property Transfer ), (iii) Hotel101 Global
and Merger Sub 1 will amalgamate, with Hotel101 Global being the surviving entity and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo Company
Amalgamation and (iv) the Company will merge with and into Merger Sub 2, with the Company being the surviving entity and becoming
a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo (the SPAC Merger ). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the aggregate consideration
to be paid to DDPC, Hotel 101 Worldwide and certain key executives of the Target Parties is an aggregate of 2,300,000,000 which will
be paid entirely in stock, comprised of newly issued ordinary shares of PubCo at a price of 10.00 per share (the Closing Payment
Shares ). 

The Merger Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants of the parties thereto. The consummation of the proposed Merger is subject to certain conditions
as further described in the Merger Agreement. 

See the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the
Company with the SEC on April 8, 2024 for additional information. 

First Amendment to Merger Agreement 

On September 3, 2024, the Company entered into
the First Amendment with the Target Parties, the Principal Shareholders, PubCo, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2, that amended and modified
the Original Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the First Amendment, (i) prior to the SPAC Merger and the Company Amalgamation, DoubleDragon
will transfer 40 of the total issued share capital of Hotel of Asia to Hotel101 Global, in exchange for the issuance of 1,987,239 Hotel101
Global Shares, (ii) at the Company Amalgamation Effective Time, Hotel101 Global and Merger Sub 1 shall amalgamate and continue as one
company, with Hotel101 Global being the surviving entity, and as a wholly owned subsidiary of PubCo, (iii) at the SPAC Merger Effective
Time, Merger Sub 2 shall merge with and into the Company with the Company being the surviving entity, and a wholly owned subsidiary of
PubCo, (iv) the definitions and provisions of Closing Payment Shares , Consideration Shares , Hotel101
Global Shareholder Approval and Share Purchase Agreement were amended, (v) at the Company Amalgamation Effective
Time, each of Hotel101 Global Shares issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Company Amalgamation Effective Time shall automatically
be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive one PubCo Ordinary Share to be issued on the Closing Date, aggregating to 195,500,000
PubCo Ordinary Shares in total, (vi) certain representations and warranties of the parties and certain covenants regarding D O Tail
Insurance, financial statements, minority shareholder rights, and other matters were amended, (vii) if the Closing is not expected to
occur by January 23, 2025 and termination of the Merger Agreement has not occurred, then Hotel101 Global shall deposit into the Company s
working capital account US 2,000,000 to extend the existence and cover certain expenses of the Company, as further described in the First
Amendment, (viii) modifications were made to the termination provisions and the Termination Fee was increased to US 2,000,000, and (ix)
certain schedules and exhibits to the Original Merger Agreement were amended. 

See the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the
Company with the SEC on September 5, 2024 for additional information. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from April 20, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 626,883, which consists of interest income from trust of 764,667 and interest income from bank of 11,270 offset
by formation and operational cost of 149,054. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 1,399,026, which consists of interest income from trust of 2,079,851 and interest income from bank of 29,019
offset by formation and operational cost of 709,844. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net loss 48,928, which consisted of formation and operating costs. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net loss 50,253, which consisted of formation and operating costs. 

20 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our liquidity needs have been satisfied prior
to completion of the IPO through receipt of 25,000 from the sale of the Founder Shares to our sponsor and up to 350,000 in loans from
our sponsor under an unsecured promissory note. As of September 30, 2024, the balance of 286,385 under the promissory note remained unpaid and will be due as demanded. 

On January 23, 2024, the Company consummated its
IPO of 5,750,000 Units, which includes the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class
A ordinary share, no par value per share, and one right to receive one-fourth of one Class A ordinary share upon the completion of
the initial Business Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 57,500,000.
Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, we consummated the Private Placement of 240,000 Private Placement
Units to the Sponsor, at a price of approximately 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,400,000. The Private
Placement Units are identical to the public Units sold in the IPO. Additionally, such initial purchasers agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of the Private Placement Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Unit Subscription
Agreement) until after the completion of the Company s initial business combination. Such initial purchasers were granted certain
registration rights which is governed by a registration rights agreement in connection with the purchase of the Private Placement Units.
The Private Placement Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did
not involve a public offering. 

Following the closing of the IPO on January 23,
2024, an amount of 57,500,000 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private
Placement Units was placed in a Trust Account. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
cash used in operating activities was 692,619. Net income of 1,399,026 was affected by interest earned on investment held in the Trust
Account of 2,079,851. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 11,794 of cash for operating activities. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
cash used in operating activities was nil. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 59,579,851 (including approximately 2,079,851 of interest income) consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with
a maturity of 185 days or less. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all
of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable),
to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete
our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of
the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 844,690.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and
complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,150,000 of
such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be
identical to the Private Placement Units issued to our sponsor. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain
additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our
public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such Business Combination. 

21 

The Company has incurred and expects to continue
to incur significant costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation
of a Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial
Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through
the Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see Note 5). In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a business combination 12
months from the closing of the IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of the IPO if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination by the full amount of time), the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and
thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination
will be successful. As a result, management has determined that such additional condition also raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than described below. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Units, shares being issued to the underwriters of the IPO, and units that may be issued on conversion of Working Capital Loans (and in
each case holders of their component securities, as applicable) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement signed on the effective date of the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination and rights to require the
Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the underwriter
may not exercise its demand and piggyback registration rights after five (5) and seven (7) years, respectively, after the
effective date of the IPO and may not exercise its demand rights on more than one occasion. However, the registration rights agreement
provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination
of the applicable Lock-up period. Notwithstanding the above, the shares to be issued to the underwriters in the IPO will be further subject
to the limitations on registration requirements imposed by FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

Pursuant to the underwriting agreement entered
into on January 18, 2024, we issued to Maxim Partners LLC and/or its designees Maxim ), 258,750 ordinary shares (inclusive
of the exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option in full) (the Representative Shares at the closing of
the IPO. Maxim has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such Representative Shares until the completion of the initial Business
Combination. In addition, the underwriter has agreed (and its permitted transferees will agree) (i) to waive its redemption rights with
respect to such Representative Shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to
waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Representative Shares if the Company fails to
complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

22 

The Representative Shares have been deemed compensation
by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the commencement of sales in
the IPO pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period
of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the IPO, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated
for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the IPO except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating
in the IPO and their officers, partners, registered persons or affiliates. 

The underwriter was paid 575,000 for the underwriter s
discount, upon the closing of the IPO. Additionally, the underwriter was entitled 258,750 Representative Shares that were registered in
the IPO, for no consideration, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. The underwriter has agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any such shares until the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires Management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the
periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. As of the end of the reporting period, we have not identified
any critical accounting estimates except as described below: 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

The Company accounts for Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if
any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary
shares that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of
uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares
is classified as stockholders equity. The Class A ordinary shares features certain redemption rights that are considered to be
outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. In accordance with the SEC and its guidance
on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a
company require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the 5,750,000 Class A ordinary
shares sold as part of the Company s IPO were issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., Public Units), the initial carrying
value of Class A ordinary shares classified as temporary equity has been allocated to the proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20.
The Company s Class A ordinary shares is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable,
the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the
date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument
or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal
the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes in redemption value in additional
paid-in capital (or accumulated deficit in the absence of additional paid-in capital) over an expected 12-month period, which is the initial
period that the Company has to complete a Business Combination 

Accordingly, at September 30, 2024, Class A Ordinary
Shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of permanent shareholders 
equity (deficit) in the Company s balance sheets. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires disclosure of incremental income tax information
within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. Our management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09
will have a material impact on our financial statements and disclosures. 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. 

23 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management evaluated, with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting
officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable
assurance level. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than as described herein, there were no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act)
during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

24 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations
and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other
legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that
has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

As smaller reporting company we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. However, in addition to the risk factors disclosed in our prospectus filed with the SEC on January
19, 2024, we have identified the below-listed additional risk factors. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material
adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition: 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability continue as a going
concern. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash
of 844,690 and a working capital of 502,437. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs as a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses in connection with our initial business
combination activities. Management s plans to address any need for additional capital are discussed in Part I, Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot assure you that any efforts to raise capital
(if required) or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statement contained elsewhere in this Form 10-Q do not include
any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

If we were considered to be a foreign
person, we might not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination
is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations or review by a U.S. government entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in
the United States CFIUS ). 

Our sponsor is controlled by or has substantial
ties with non-U.S. persons domiciled outside the U.S. Acquisitions and investments by non-U.S. persons in certain U.S. businesses may
be subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership. CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions
involving investments by foreign persons in U.S. businesses that have a nexus to critical technologies, critical infrastructure and/or
sensitive personal data in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the U.S. Were we considered
to be a foreign person under such rules and regulations, any proposed business combination between us and a U.S. business
engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions, CFIUS review
and/or mandatory filings. 

If our potential initial business combination
with a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, we may not be able to consummate an initial business combination
with such business. In addition, if our potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to
make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without
notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay
our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination
or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance.
The potential limitations and risks may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from pursuing certain initial
business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of
potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms
of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. 

Moreover, the process of government review, whether
by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial business combination, our failure
to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time-period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public shareholders
may only receive their pro rata share of amounts held in the Trust Account, and our units and Founder Shares will expire worthless. This
will also cause you to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your
investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. 

25 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On January 23, 2024, we consummated its IPO of
5,750,000 Units, which includes the full exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A
ordinary share, no par value per share, and one right to receive of one-fourth of one Class A ordinary share upon the completion
of the initial Business Combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 57,500,000.
Maxim Group LLC. acted as sole book-running manager of the Initial Public Offering. The securities in the offering were registered under
the Securities Act on registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-275176). The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration
statements effective on January 18, 2024. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO
and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 240,000 Private Placement Units to Winky Investments Limited,
the Sponsor, at a price of approximately 10.00 per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,400,000. The Private Placement
Units are identical to the units sold in the IPO except as described below. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares, private placement shares or private placement rights. The rights will expire
worthless if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination within the allotted 12-month period (or up to 18 months from the completion
of the IPO if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time). 

The private placement units, private placement
shares, private placement rights and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such rights will not be transferable, assignable or salable
by the Sponsor until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, except to permitted transferees. 

We paid a total of 1,751,700 consisting of 575,000
of underwriting commissions which was paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO, 632,284 of the Representative Shares (as defined in
Note 6), and 544,416 of other offering costs. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

These
certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

JVSPAC
 ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date:
 November 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Albert Wong 

Name: 
 Albert
 Wong 

Title: 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 November 8, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Claudius Tsang 

Name: 
 Claudius
 Tsang 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021780101ex31-1_jvspac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Albert Wong, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of JVSPAC Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 

/s/ Albert Wong 

Albert Wong 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021780101ex31-2_jvspac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Claudius Tsang, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of JVSPAC Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 

/s/ Claudius Tsang 

Claudius Tsang 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021780101ex32-1_jvspac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of JVSPAC
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Albert Wong, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 8, 2024 

/s/ Albert Wong 

Albert Wong 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021780101ex32-2_jvspac.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of JVSPAC
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Claudius Tsang, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 8, 2024 

/s/ Claudius Tsang 

Claudius Tsang 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 jvsa-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 jvsa-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 jvsa-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 jvsa-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 jvsa-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

