<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241126_10-Q_edgar_data_91419_0000091419-24-000103.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10011002</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125593</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1580416</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3815670</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2282643</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2001935</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000091419-24-000103.hdr.sgml : 20241126
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241126161549
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000091419-24-000103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241126
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241126

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			J M SMUCKER Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000091419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED, FRUITS, VEG & PRESERVES, JAMS & JELLIES [2033]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				340538550
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05111
		FILM NUMBER:		241504000

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE STRAWBERRY LANE
		CITY:			ORRVILLE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44667
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3306823000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE STRAWBERRY LANE
		CITY:			ORRVILLE
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44667

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMUCKER J M CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000091419-24-000103.txt : 20241126

10-Q
 1
 sjm-20241031.htm
 10-Q

sjm-20241031 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ___________________________________________________ QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended: 
 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ___________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 
 Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 ___________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The Company had common shares outstanding on November 19, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Statements of Consolidated Income 
 2 
 Condensed Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows 
 4 
 Condensed Statements of Consolidated Shareholders Equity 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 38 
 SIGNATURES 
 39 
 INDEX OF EXHIBITS 
 40 

1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, Dollars in millions, except per share data 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of products sold (A) 
 Gross Profit Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses Amortization Other special project costs (A) 
 Loss (gain) on divestitures net Other operating expense (income) net ) ) Operating Income Interest expense net ) ) ) ) Other debt costs (A) 
 ) ) Other income (expense) net (A) 
 ) ) ) Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes Income tax expense Net Income (Loss) ) Earnings per common share: Net Income (Loss) ) Net Income (Loss) Assuming Dilution ) 
 (A) 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, Dollars in millions 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedging derivative activity, net of tax Pension and other postretirement benefit plans activity, net of tax Available-for-sale securities activity, net of tax ) ) Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) Dollars in millions October 31, 2024 April 30, 2024 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables net Inventories: Finished products Raw materials Total Inventory Other current assets Total Current Assets Property, Plant, and Equipment Land and land improvements Buildings and fixtures Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Gross Property, Plant, and Equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total Property, Plant, and Equipment Other Noncurrent Assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets net Assets held for sale net Other noncurrent assets Total Other Noncurrent Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued trade marketing and merchandising Current portion of long-term debt Short-term borrowings Other current liabilities Total Current Liabilities Noncurrent Liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Deferred income taxes Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Liabilities held for sale Other noncurrent liabilities Total Noncurrent Liabilities Total Liabilities Shareholders Equity Common shares Additional capital Retained income Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Shareholders Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) Six Months Ended October 31, Dollars in millions 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used for) operations: Depreciation Amortization Pension settlement loss (gain) Unrealized loss on investment in equity securities net Share-based compensation expense Loss (gain) on divestitures net Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Other noncash adjustments net Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effect from acquisition and divestitures: Trade receivables ) Inventories ) ) Other current assets Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities Income and other taxes ) ) Other net ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Operating Activities Investing Activities Additions to property, plant, and equipment ) ) Other net ) Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Investing Activities ) ) Financing Activities Short-term borrowings (repayments) net ) Proceeds from long-term debt Capitalized debt issuance costs ) Quarterly dividends paid ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Other net ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 
 Denotes use of cash 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY 
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 Dollars in millions Common Shares Outstanding Common Shares Additional Capital Retained Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders Equity Balance at May 1, 2024 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock plans Cash dividends declared, per common share 
 ) ) Balance at July 31, 2024 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) Stock plans Cash dividends declared, per common share 
 ) ) Balance at October 31, 2024 ) 
 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 Dollars in millions Common Shares Outstanding Common Shares Additional Capital Retained Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Shareholders Equity Balance at May 1, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) ) ) Stock plans ) Cash dividends declared, per common share 
 ) ) Balance at July 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) ) Stock plans Cash dividends declared, per common share 
 ) ) Balance at October 31, 2023 ) 
 See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars and shares in millions, unless otherwise noted, except per share data) 
 
 Note 1: Basis of Presentation 
 
 Note 2: Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 
 Note 3: Acquisition 
 billion, which reflects an exchange offer of all outstanding shares of Hostess Brands common stock at a price of per share, consisting of in cash and shares of our 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 million of our common shares to Hostess Brands shareholders, valued at , as discussed in Note 16: Common Shares. In addition, we paid billion in cash, net of cash acquired, and assumed of debt from Hostess Brands and of an other debt-like item, reflecting consideration transferred for the cash payment of Hostess Brands employee equity awards. New debt of billion was borrowed, consisting of billion in Senior Notes, an senior unsecured delayed-draw Term Loan Credit Agreement Term Loan ), and of short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program to partially fund the transaction and pay off the debt assumed as part of the acquisition. For additional information on the financing associated with this transaction, refer to Note 8: Debt and Financing Arrangements. 
 Hostess Brands is a manufacturer and marketer of sweet baked goods brands including Hostess Donettes , Twinkies , CupCakes , DingDongs , Zingers , CoffeeCakes , HoHos , Mini Muffins , and Fruit Pies , and the Voortman brand. In addition to its headquarters in Lenexa, Kansas, the transaction included six manufacturing facilities located in Emporia, Kansas; Burlington, Ontario; Chicago, Illinois; Columbus, Georgia; Indianapolis, Indiana; and Arkadelphia, Arkansas, a distribution facility in Edgerton, Kansas, and a commercial center of excellence in Chicago, Illinois. 
 The transaction was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the results of Hostess Brands operations, including and in net sales, and and in operating loss, are included within the Sweet Baked Snacks segment for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, respectively. The operating loss for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, includes a pre-tax loss on the Voortman business disposal group classified as held for sale and excludes special project costs related to transaction and integration costs recognized within the segment. For additional information, refer to Note 4: Divestitures. 
 The purchase price was preliminarily allocated to the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition on a provisional basis. We determined the estimated fair values based on independent appraisals, discounted cash flow analyses, quoted market prices, and estimates made by management. The purchase price exceeded the estimated fair value of the net identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired, and, as such, the excess was allocated to goodwill. 
 Trade receivables net Inventories Other current assets Property, plant, and equipment net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets net Other noncurrent assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable Other current liabilities Deferred income taxes Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired 
 Certain estimated fair values for the acquisition, including goodwill and income taxes, are not yet finalized. The purchase price was preliminarily allocated based on information available at the acquisition date and is subject to change as we complete our 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 billion of goodwill within the Sweet Baked Snacks segment. Of the total goodwill, was deductible for tax purposes at the acquisition date, of which remains deductible as of October 31, 2024. Goodwill represents the value we expect to achieve through the implementation of operational synergies and growth opportunities as we integrate Hostess Brands into our Company. The goodwill and indefinite-lived trademarks resulting from the acquisition are susceptible to future impairment charges. Any significant change in our near or long-term projections or macroeconomic conditions may result in future impairment charges as the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived trademarks approximate estimated fair values. 
 -year useful life) 
 Non-competition agreements (varying useful lives) Trademarks -year useful life) 
 Intangible assets with indefinite lives: Trademarks Total intangible assets 
 The annual amortization expense for the finite-lived intangible assets based on the purchase price allocation is . 
 Hostess Brands results of operations are included in our condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of the transaction within our Sweet Baked Snacks segment. 
 Net income (loss) Net income (loss) per common share assuming dilution 
 The unaudited pro forma consolidated results are based on our historical financial statements and those of Hostess Brands and do not necessarily indicate the results of operations that would have resulted had the acquisition been completed at the beginning of the applicable period presented. The most significant pro forma adjustments relate to interest expense associated with acquisition-related financing, the elimination of nonrecurring acquisition-related costs incurred prior to the close of the transaction, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and depreciation of acquired property, plant, and equipment. The unaudited pro forma consolidated results do not give effect to the synergies of the acquisition and are not indicative of the results of operations in future periods. 
 
 Note 4: Divestitures 
 employees who support the business. Under our ownership, the Voortman business generated net sales of approximately in 2024, which represents a partial year of net sales reported in the Sweet Baked Snacks segment results following the acquisition on November 7, 2023. The transaction is valued at approximately , subject to a working capital adjustment. As of October 31, 2024, the disposal group met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, and as a result, a valuation allowance was established to reflect the fair value of the disposal group less costs to sell, which was based on the expected proceeds and the estimated carrying value of the net assets to be disposed. The valuation allowance was included within assets held for sale net in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and the estimated pre-tax loss on the disposal group was included within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Condensed Statement of Consolidated Income and Condensed Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Property, plant, and equipment net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets net Valuation allowance ) Total assets held for sale Liabilities held for sale: Other current liabilities Deferred income taxes Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities held for sale Net assets held for sale 
 On January 2, 202 4, we sold the Canada condiment business to TreeHouse Food s, Inc. TreeHouse Foods ). The transaction included Bick s pickles, Habitant pickled beets, Woodman s horseradish, and McLarens pickled onions brands, inclusive of certain trademarks. Under our ownership, these brands generated net sales of in 2024, which were included in the International operating segment. Final net proceeds from the divestiture were , inclusive of a working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs, resulting in a final pre-tax loss of , of which was recognized during the second quarter of 2024, as the disposal group met the criteria to be classified as held for sale and a valuation allowance was established to reflect the fair value of the disposal group less costs to sell. The valuation allowance was included within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Condensed Statement of Consolidated Income and Condensed Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. 
 On November 1, 2023, we sold the Sahale Snacks business to Second Nature. The transaction included products sold under the Sahale Snacks brand, inclusive of certain trademarks and licensing agreements, a leased manufacturing facility in Seattle, Washington, and approximately employees who supported the brand. Under our ownership, the Sahale Snacks brand generated net sales of in 2024, primarily included in the U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads segmen t. Final net proceeds from the divestiture were , inclusive of a working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs, resulting in a final pre-tax loss of , of which was recognized during the second quarter of 2024, as the disposal group met the criteria to be classified as held for sale and a valuation allowance was established to reflect the fair value of the disposal group less costs to sell. The valuation allowance was included within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Condensed Statement of Consolidated Income and Condensed Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. 
 On April 28, 2023, we sold certain pet food brands to Post Holdings, Inc. Post ). The transaction included the Rachael Ray Nutrish , 9Lives , Kibbles n Bits , Nature s Recipe , and Gravy Train brands, as well as the private label pet food business, inclusive of certain trademarks and licensing agreements, manufacturing and distribution facilities in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, manufacturing facilities in Meadville, Pennsylvania and Lawrence, Kansas, and approximately employees who supported these pet food brands. Final net proceeds from the divestiture were billion, consisting of in cash, net of a working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs, and approximately million shares of Post common stock, valued at at the close of the transaction. We recognized a pre-tax loss of billion upon completion of this transaction during 2023. During the first half of 2024, we finalized the working capital adjustment and transaction costs, which resulted in an immaterial adjustment to the pre-tax loss. Furthermore, during the first quarter of 2024, we entered into equity forward derivative transactions under an agreement with an unrelated third-party to facilitate the forward sale of the Post common stock. All million shares of Post common stock were settled for under the equity forward contract on November 15, 2023. For additional information, see Note 10: Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Note 5: Special Project Costs 
 , which included and of employee-related and other transition and termination costs, respectively, all of which were cash charges. We incurred divestiture costs of and during the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, primarily consisting of employee-related costs. As of October 31, 2024, we have incurred the majority of the anticipated costs related to these divestitures and expect costs incurred during the second half of 2025 to be minimal. The obligation related to severance and retention bonuses was and at October 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Furthermore, we identified opportunities to address certain distribution inefficiencies, as a result of the divestiture of certain pet food brands. We anticipate incurring approximately of costs related to these efforts, consisting primarily of other transition and termination charges. The majority of these costs are expected to be cash charges and incurred by the end of 2026, with approximately half of the costs expected to be recognized in 2025. We incurred and of other transition and termination costs during the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, respectively. For additional information, see Note 4: Divestitures. 
 Integration Costs: Total integration costs related to the acquisition of Hostess Brands are anticipated to be approximately and include transaction costs, employee-related costs, and other transition and termination charges, with the majority expected to be cash charges. We anticipate the remaining integration costs will be incurred by the end of 2026 and are expected to be split between employee-related and other transition and termination costs. 
 Employee-related costs Other transition and termination costs Total integration costs 
 Cumulative noncash charges incurred through October 31, 2024, were and included and incurred during the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, which primarily consisted of accelerated depreciation. Transaction costs primarily reflected equity compensation payouts, legal fees, and fees related to a 364-day senior unsecured Bridge Term Loan Credit Facility Bridge Loan that provided committed financing for the acquisition of Hostess Brands. Other transition and termination costs primarily consisted of contract termination charges, accelerated depreciation, and consulting fees. The obligation related to severance and retention bonuses was and at October 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024, respectively. For additional information, see Note 3: Acquisition. 
 
 Note 6: Reportable Segments 
 industry: the manufacturing and marketing of food and beverage products. We have reportable segments: U.S. Retail Coffee, U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads, U.S. Retail Pet Foods, and Sweet Baked Snacks. The presentation of International and Away From Home represents a combination of all other operating segments that are not individually reportable. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads U.S. Retail Pet Foods Sweet Baked Snacks International and Away From Home Total net sales Segment profit: U.S. Retail Coffee U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads U.S. Retail Pet Foods Sweet Baked Snacks International and Away From Home Total segment profit Amortization ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) on divestitures net ) ) ) ) Interest expense net ) ) ) ) Change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses ) ) ) Cost of products sold special project costs (A) 
 ) ) Other special project costs (A) 
 ) ) ) ) Other debt costs (A) 
 ) ) Corporate administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Other income (expense) net (A) 
 ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 (A) 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 International: Canada All other international Total international Total net sales 
 U.S. Retail Coffee Sweet baked goods Sweet Baked Snacks Pet snacks U.S. Retail Pet Foods Frozen handheld U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads Peanut butter U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads Cat food U.S. Retail Pet Foods Fruit spreads U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads Portion control Other (B) 
 Cookies Sweet Baked Snacks Toppings and syrups U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads Baking mixes and ingredients Other (B) 
 Dog food U.S. Retail Pet Foods Other Other (B) 
 Total net sales 
 (A) percent of total net sales for each respective product category. 
 (B) 
 
 Note 7: Earnings per Share 
 12 

Table of Contents Less: Net income (loss) allocated to participating securities Net income (loss) allocated to common stockholders ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding Add: Dilutive effect of stock options Weighted-average common shares outstanding assuming dilution Net income (loss) per common share ) Net income (loss) per common share assuming dilution )) Weighted-average common shares outstanding assuming dilution: Weighted-average common shares outstanding Add: Dilutive effect of stock options Add: Dilutive effect of restricted shares, restricted stock units, and performance units Weighted-average common shares outstanding assuming dilution Net income (loss) per common share assuming dilution ) 
 
 Note 8: Debt and Financing Arrangements 
 Senior Notes due March 15, 2025 
 Senior Notes due December 15, 2027 
 Senior Notes due November 15, 2028 
 Senior Notes due March 15, 2030 
 Senior Notes due March 15, 2032 
 Senior Notes due November 15, 2033 
 Senior Notes due March 15, 2035 
 Senior Notes due September 15, 2041 
 Senior Notes due November 15, 2043 
 Senior Notes due March 15, 2045 
 Senior Notes due March 15, 2050 
 Senior Notes due November 15, 2053 
 Total long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt Total long-term debt, less current portion 
 (A) 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 term facility. In November 2023, the full amount was drawn on the Term Loan to partially finance the acquisition of Hostess Brands and to pay off the debt assumed as part of the acquisition, as discussed in Note 3: Acquisition. As of April 30, 2024, the Term Loan was prepaid in full. 
 In September 2023, we entered into a commitment letter for a billion Bridge Loan that provided committed financing for the acquisition of Hostess Brands, as disclosed in Note 3: Acquisition. balances were drawn against this facility, as the commitment letter was terminated after completion of the Senior Notes offering and drawing on the Term Loan. Included in other debt costs on the Condensed Statement of Consolidated Income at October 31, 2023, was related to financing fees associated with the Bridge Loan. 
 In October 2023, we completed an offering of billion in Senior Notes due November 15, 2028, November 15, 2033, November 15, 2043, and November 15, 2053. The Senior Notes included of capitalized debt issuance costs and of offering discounts to be amortized to interest expense net in the Condensed Statements of Consolidated Income over the time period for which the debt is outstanding. The net proceeds from the offering were used to partially finance the acquisition of Hostess Brands and pay off the debt assumed as part of the acquisition. 
 We have available a billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of banks that matures in August 2026. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest on the prevailing U.S. Prime Rate, Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), Euro Interbank Offered Rate, or Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average, based on our election. Interest is payable either on a quarterly basis or at the end of the borrowing term. We did t have a balance outstanding under the revolving credit facility at October 31, 2024, or April 30, 2024. 
 
 We participate in a commercial paper program under which we can issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper not to exceed billion at any time. The commercial paper program is backed by our revolving credit facility and reduces what we can borrow under the revolving credit facility by the amount of commercial paper outstanding. Commercial paper is used as a continuing source of short-term financing for general corporate purposes. As of October 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024, we had and of short-term borrowings outstanding, respectively, which were issued under our commercial paper program at weighted-average interest rates of and percent, respectively. 
 
 Interest paid totaled and for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This differs from interest expense due to capitalized interest, the timing of interest payments, the effect of interest rate contracts, amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts, and the payment of other debt fees. 

Note 9: Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) Net periodic benefit cost 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) ) Settlement loss (gain) Net periodic benefit cost 
 In 2021, we transferred obligations related to our Canadian defined benefit pension plan to an insurance company through the purchase of an irrevocable group annuity contract (the Canadian Buy-Out Contract ). The group annuity contract was purchased using assets from the pension trust. During the first quarter of 2024, we received corporate approval to proceed with distribution of the surplus that remains within the Canadian defined benefit pension plan. As a result, we recognized a noncash pre-tax settlement charge of related to the acceleration of prior service cost for the portion of the plan surplus to be allocated to plan members, which is subject to regulatory approval before a payout can be made. The settlement charge was included within other income (expense) net in the Condensed Statement of Consolidated Income. We did recognize any charges related to the Canadian Buy-Out Contract during the three and six months ended October 31, 2024. 
 
 We made direct benefit payments of and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 10: Derivative Financial Instruments 
 . 
 We do not qualify commodity derivatives for hedge accounting treatment, and as a result, the derivative gains and losses are immediately recognized in earnings. Although we do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for derivative positions, we believe all of our commodity derivatives are economic hedges of our risk exposure. 
 The commodities hedged have a high inverse correlation to price changes of the derivative instrument. Thus, we would expect that over time any gain or loss in the estimated fair value of its derivatives would generally be offset by an increase or decrease in the estimated fair value of the underlying exposures. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Derivatives: We utilize foreign currency derivatives to manage the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations on future cash payments primarily related to purchases of certain raw materials and finished goods. The contracts generally have maturities of less than . We do not qualify instruments used to manage foreign currency exchange exposures for hedge accounting treatment. 
 Interest Rate Derivatives: From time to time, we utilize derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk associated with anticipated debt transactions, as well as to manage changes in the fair value of our long-term debt. At the inception of an interest rate contract, the instrument is evaluated and documented for qualifying hedge accounting treatment. If the contract is designated as a cash flow hedge, the mark-to-market gains or losses on the contract are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and generally reclassified to interest expense in the period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. If the contract is designated as a fair value hedge, the contract is recognized at fair value on the balance sheet and changes in the fair value are recognized in interest expense. Generally, changes in the fair value of the contract are equal to changes in the fair value of the underlying debt and have no net impact on earnings. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of Post common stock were hedged and later settled on November 15, 2023, for , resulting in a pre-tax gain of during the year ended April 30, 2024, inclusive of an unrealized gain of and recognized during the three and six months ended October 31, 2023, respectively. For additional information, see Note 4: Divestitures. 
 Foreign currency exchange contracts 
 Foreign currency exchange contracts Total derivative instruments 
 April 30, 2024 Other Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Other Noncurrent Assets Other Noncurrent Liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Commodity contracts Foreign currency exchange contracts Total derivative instruments 
 We have elected to not offset fair value amounts recognized for our exchange-traded derivative instruments and our cash margin accounts executed with the same counterparty that are generally subject to enforceable netting agreements. We are required to maintain cash margin accounts in connection with funding the settlement of our open positions. Our cash margin accounts represented collateral pledged of and collateral received of at October 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024, respectively, and are included in other current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The change in the cash margin accounts is included in other net, investing activities in the Condensed Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. In the event of default and immediate net settlement of all of our open positions with individual counterparties, all of our derivative liabilities would be fully offset by either our derivative asset positions or margin accounts based on the net asset or liability position with our individual counterparties. Cash flows associated with the settlement of derivative instruments are classified in the same line item as the cash flows of the related hedged item, which is within operating activities in the Condensed Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Derivative gains (losses) on foreign currency exchange contracts Total derivative gains (losses) recognized in cost of products sold ) ) 
 Commodity and foreign currency exchange derivative gains and losses are reported in unallocated derivative gains and losses outside of segment operating results until the related inventory is sold. At that time, we reclassify the hedge gains and losses from unallocated derivative gains and losses to segment profit, allowing our segments to realize the economic effect of the hedge without experiencing any mark-to-market volatility. ) ) Less: Net derivative gains (losses) reclassified to segment operating profit Change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses ) ) ) 
 The net cumulative unallocated derivative gains were and at October 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024, respectively. 
 Cash Flow Hedges 
 In 2020, we terminated all outstanding interest rate contracts concurrent with the pricing of the Senior Notes due March 15, 2030 and March 15, 2050. The contracts were designated as cash flow hedges and were used to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility associated with the anticipated debt financing. The termination resulted in a pre-tax loss of , which was deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is being amortized as interest expense over the life of the debt. 
 Less: Gains (losses) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense net (A) 
 ) ) ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 (A) and for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The reclassification includes terminated contracts which were designated as cash flow hedges. 
 Included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at October 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024, were deferred net pre-tax losses of and , respectively, related to the terminated interest rate contracts. The related net tax benefit recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at October 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024, was and , respectively. Approximately of the net pre-tax loss will be recognized over the next 12 months related to the terminated interest rate contracts. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Note 11: Other Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 
 Derivative financial instruments net Total long-term debt ) ) ) ) 
 Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Valuation techniques are based on observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect readily obtainable data from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect our market assumptions. 
 Municipal obligations Money market funds Derivative financial instruments: (B) 
 Commodity contracts net Foreign currency exchange contracts net Total long-term debt (C) 
 ) ) Total financial instruments measured at fair value ) ) 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Fair Value at April 30, 2024 Marketable securities and other investments: (A) 
 Equity mutual funds Municipal obligations Money market funds Derivative financial instruments: (B) 
 Commodity contracts net ) Foreign currency exchange contracts net Total long-term debt (C) 
 ) ) Total financial instruments measured at fair value ) ) 
 (A) in 2025, in 2026, in 2027, in 2028, in 2029, and the remaining in 2030 and beyond. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

(C) 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, the Voortman business disposal group met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, and as a result, a valuation allowance of was established to reflect the fair value of the disposal group less costs to sell, which was based on the expected proceeds and the estimated carrying value of the net assets to be disposed. The estimated pre-tax loss on the disposal group was included within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Condensed Statement of Consolidated Income. We utilized Level 3 inputs based on management s best estimates and assumptions to estimate the fair value of the disposal group. For additional information, see Note 4: Divestitures. 
 
 Note 12: Leases 
 Operating lease liabilities: Current operating lease liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 
 Total operating lease liabilities Finance lease right-of-use assets: Machinery and equipment 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Total property, plant, and equipment Finance lease liabilities: Other current liabilities 
 Other noncurrent liabilities 
 Total finance lease liabilities 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities 
 Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Total lease cost (A) 
 
 (A) 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and beyond Total undiscounted minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest Lease liabilities 
 Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13: Income Taxes 
 and percent, respectively, and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, were and percent, respectively. The increase in the effective income tax rates, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to an unfavorable permanent tax impact and the recognition of a taxable outside basis difference reflecting the reversal of our indefinite reinvestment assertion on the Voortman Cookies Limited entity, both associated with the classification of the Voortman business as held for sale during the second quarter of 2025. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, the effective income tax rate varied from the U.S. statutory income tax rate of percent primarily due to the unfavorable impacts of the classification of the Voortman business as held for sale. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2023, the effective income tax rate varied from the U.S. statutory income tax rate of percent primarily due to state income taxes, partially offset by the recognition of a deductible outside basis difference related to the divestiture of the Sahale Snacks brand, which was classified as held for sale as of October 31, 2023. For additional information, see Note 4: Divestitures. 
 Within the next months, it is reasonably possible that we could decrease our unrecognized tax benefits by an estimated , primarily as a result of the expiration of statute of limitation periods. 
 
 Note 14: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments Current period credit (charge) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Balance at October 31, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Net Gains (Losses) 
 on Cash Flow 
 Hedging 
 Derivatives (A) 
 Pension and 
 Other 
 Postretirement 
 Liabilities (B) 
 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Available- for-Sale Securities Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Balance at May 1, 2023 ) ) ) ) Reclassification adjustments Current period credit (charge) ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Balance at October 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 (A) 
 (B) 
 
 Note 15: Contingencies 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 CAD (the RWI coverage limit) (the Proceeds related to these breaches. Per agreement with the RWI insurers, we will not be required to return the Proceeds under any circumstances. 
 On November 3, 2022, pursuant to the agreement with the RWI insurers, Voortman brought claims in the Ontario (Canada) Superior Court of Justice (the Claim ), related to the breaches against certain of the Sellers. The Claim alleges the seller defendants made certain non-disclosures and misrepresentations to induce Hostess Brands to overpay for Voortman. We are seeking damages of CAD representing the amount of the aggregate liability of the Sellers for indemnification under the Purchase Agreement, CAD in punitive or aggravated damages, interest, proceedings fees, and any other relief the presiding court deems appropriate. A portion of any recovery will be shared with the RWI insurers. Although we believe that the Claim is meritorious, no assurance can be given as to whether we will recover all, or any part, of the amounts being pursued. Upon completion of the sale of the Voortman business, which is anticipated to occur during the third quarter of 2025, we will retain rights to the Claim. 
 
 Note 16: Common Shares 
 Common shares outstanding Treasury shares 
 Repurchase Program: During the six months ended October 31, 2024, we did repurchase any common shares under a repurchase plan authorized by the Board of Directors (the Board ). As of October 31, 2024, approximately million common shares remain available for repurchase pursuant to the Board s authorizations. 
 On March 2, 2023, we entered into a share repurchase plan (the 10b5-1 Plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act in connection with the remaining common shares authorized for repurchase by the Board, which was approximately million common shares as of April 30, 2023. In accordance with the 10b5-1 Plan, our designated broker had the authority to repurchase approximately million common shares, which commenced upon the sale of certain pet food brands on April 28, 2023, and expired 45 calendar days after the closure of the transaction. During the first quarter of 2024, we repurchased approximately million common shares for under the 10b5-1 Plan. In accordance with The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, H.R. 5376 (the Inflation Reduction Act ), a one percent excise tax was applied to share repurchases after December 31, 2022. As a result, an excise tax of was accrued on the repurchased shares during the first quarter of 2024 and included within additional capital in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. An accrued excise tax of was paid during the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, which was related to the shares repurchased under the 10b5-1 Plan during 2023 and 2024. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million common shares valued at in exchange for the outstanding shares of Hostess Brands common stock to partially fund the acquisition. The shares issued were based on each outstanding share of Hostess Brands common stock receiving per share in cash and shares of our common shares, which represented a value of based on the closing stock price of our common shares on September 8, 2023, the last trading day preceding September 11, 2023, the date on which the execution of the Hostess Brands merger agreement was publicly announced. For additional information on the acquisition of Hostess Brands, see Note 3: Acquisition. 
 
 Note 17: Supplier Financing Program 
 to days. We have an agreement with a third-party administrator to provide an accounts payable tracking system and facilitate a supplier financing program which allows participating suppliers the ability to monitor and voluntarily elect to sell our payment obligations to a designated third-party financial institution. Participating suppliers can sell one or more of our payment obligations at their sole discretion, and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not impacted. We have no economic interest in a supplier s decision to enter into these agreements. Our rights and obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted by our suppliers decisions to sell amounts under these arrangements. However, our right to offset balances due from suppliers against our payment obligations is restricted by the agreement for those payment obligations that have been sold by our suppliers. The payment of these obligations is included in cash provided by operating activities in the Condensed Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. Included in accounts payable in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024, were and of our outstanding payment obligations, respectively, that were elected and sold to a financial institution by participating suppliers. 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 (Dollars and shares in millions, unless otherwise noted, except per share data) 
 This discussion and analysis deals with comparisons of material changes in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. All comparisons presented are to the corresponding period of the prior year, unless otherwise noted. 
 On October 22, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the Voortman business to Second Nature. We expect the transaction to close during the third quarter of 2025, subject to customary closing conditions. The transaction includes products sold under our Voortman brand, inclusive of certain trademarks, a leased manufacturing facility in Burlington, Ontario, and approximately 300 employees who support the business. Under our ownership, the Voortman business generated net sales of approximately 65.0 in 2024, which represents a partial year of net sales reported in the Sweet Baked Snacks segment results following the acquisition on November 7, 2023. The transaction is valued at approximately 305.0, subject to a working capital adjustment. As of October 31, 2024, the disposal group met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, and as a result, a valuation allowance was established to reflect the fair value of the disposal group less costs to sell, which was based on the expected proceeds and the estimated carrying value of the net assets to be disposed. The valuation allowance was included within assets held for sale net in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and the estimated pre-tax loss on the disposal group was included within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Condensed Statement of Consolidated Income and Condensed Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. 
 On January 2, 2024, we sold the Canada condiment business to TreeHouse Foods. The transaction included Bick s pickles, Habitant pickled beets, Woodman s horseradish, and McLarens pickled onions brands, inclusive of certain trademarks. Under our ownership, these brands generated net sales of 43.8 in 2024, included in the International operating segment. Final net proceeds from the divestiture were 25.3, inclusive of a working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs, resulting in a final pre-tax loss of 5.7, of which 5.2 was recognized during the second quarter of 2024, as the disposal group met the criteria to be classified as held for sale and a valuation allowance was established to reflect the fair value of the disposal group less costs to sell. The valuation allowance was included within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Condensed Statement of Consolidated Income and Condensed Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 On November 7, 2023, we completed a cash and stock transaction to acquire Hostess Brands. The total purchase consideration in connection with the acquisition was 5.4 billion, which reflects an exchange offer of all outstanding shares of Hostess Brands common stock at a price of 34.25 per share, consisting of 30.00 in cash and 0.03002 shares of our common shares, based on the closing stock price on September 8, 2023, that were exchanged for each share of Hostess Brands common stock as of the transaction date. The purchase price included the issuance of approximately 4.0 million of our common shares to Hostess Brands shareholders, valued at 450.2. In addition, we paid 3.9 billion in cash, net of cash acquired, and assumed 991.0 of debt from Hostess Brands and 67.8 of an other debt-like item, reflecting consideration transferred for the cash payment of Hostess Brands employee equity awards. New debt of 5.0 billion was borrowed, consisting of 3.5 billion in Senior Notes, an 800.0 Term Loan, and 700.0 of short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program to partially fund the transaction and pay off the debt assumed as part of the acquisition. Hostess Brands is a manufacturer and marketer of sweet baked goods brands including Hostess Donettes , Twinkies , CupCakes , DingDongs , Zingers , CoffeeCakes , HoHos , Mini Muffins , and Fruit Pies , and the Voortman brand. In addition to its headquarters in Lenexa, Kansas, the transaction included six manufacturing facilities located in Emporia, Kansas; Burlington, Ontario; Chicago, Illinois; Columbus, Georgia; Indianapolis, Indiana; and Arkadelphia, Arkansas, a distribution facility in Edgerton, Kansas, and a commercial center of excellence in Chicago, Illinois. During the first half of 2025, the acquired business contributed net sales of 649.2. We anticipate cost synergies of approximately 100.0, which are expected to be achieved by the end of 2026. To date, we have achieved cost synergies of approximately 42.0, of which approximately 31.0 was achieved during the first half of 2025. 
 On November 1, 2023, we sold the Sahale Snacks business to Second Nature. The transaction included products sold under the Sahale Snacks brand, inclusive of certain trademarks and licensing agreements, a leased manufacturing facility in Seattle, Washington, and approximately 100 employees who supported the brand. Under our ownership, the Sahale Snacks brand generated net sales of 24.1 in 2024, primarily included in the U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads segment. Final net proceeds from the divestiture were 31.6, inclusive of a working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs, resulting in a final pre-tax loss of 6.7, of which 6.8 was recognized during the second quarter of 2024, as the disposal group met the criteria to be classified as held for sale and a valuation allowance was established to reflect the fair value of the disposal group less costs to sell. The valuation allowance was included within loss (gain) on divestitures net in the Condensed Statement of Consolidated Income and Condensed Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows. 
 On April 28, 2023, we sold certain pet food brands to Post. The transaction included the Rachael Ray Nutrish , 9Lives , Kibbles n Bits , Nature s Recipe , and Gravy Train brands, as well as the private label pet food business, inclusive of certain trademarks and licensing agreements, manufacturing and distribution facilities in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, manufacturing facilities in Meadville, Pennsylvania and Lawrence, Kansas, and approximately 1,100 employees who supported these pet food brands. Final net proceeds from the divestiture were 1.2 billion, consisting of 683.9 in cash, net of a working capital adjustment and cash transaction costs, and approximately 5.4 million shares of Post common stock, valued at 491.6 at the close of the transaction. We recognized a pre-tax loss of 1.0 billion upon completion of this transaction in 2023. During the first half of 2024, we finalized the working capital adjustment and transaction costs, which resulted in an immaterial adjustment to the pre-tax loss. Furthermore, during the first quarter of 2024, we entered into equity forward derivative transactions under an agreement with an unrelated third-party to facilitate the forward sale of the Post common stock. All 5.4 million shares of Post common stock were settled for 466.3 under the equity forward contract on November 15, 2023. 
 For additional information, see Note 3: Acquisition and Note 4: Divestitures. 
 We are the owner of all trademarks referenced herein, except for the following, which are used under license: Dunkin is a trademark of DD IP Holder LLC used under three licenses (the Dunkin Licenses for packaged coffee products, including K-Cup pods, sold in retail channels, such as grocery stores, mass merchandisers, club stores, e-commerce, and drug stores, as well as in certain away from home channels. The Dunkin Licenses do not pertain to coffee or other products for sale in Dunkin restaurants. K-Cup is a trademark of Keurig Green Mountain, Inc., used with permission. 
 Trends Affecting our Business 
 During the first half of 2025, we continued to experience input cost inflation and a dynamic macroeconomic environment, which we anticipate will persist through the remainder of 2025. Further, the higher costs may require price increases across our business, and we anticipate the price elasticity of demand will remain elevated during 2025 as consumers continue to experience broader inflationary pressures. In response to the inflationary pressures, we continue to focus on the delivery of our company-wide transformation initiative to deliberately translate our continuous improvement mindset into sustainable productivity initiatives in order to grow our profit margins and reinvest in the Company to enable future growth and cost savings. 
 
 In addition, it is possible significant disruptions in our supply chain could occur if certain geopolitical events continue to impact markets around the world, including the impact of potential shipping delays due to supply and demand imbalances, as well as 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 labor shortages. We also continue to work closely with our customers and external business partners, taking additional actions to ensure safety, business continuity, and maximize product availability. We have maintained production at all our facilities and availability of appointments at distribution centers. Furthermore, we have implemented measures to manage order volumes to ensure a consistent supply across our retail partners during periods of high demand. However, to the extent that high demand levels or supply chain disruptions delay order fulfillment, we may experience volume loss and elevated penalties. Although we do not have any operations in Russia, Ukraine, Israel, or Palestine, we continue to monitor the environment for any significant escalation or expansion of economic or supply chain disruptions, including broader inflationary costs, as well as regional or global economic recessions. 
 
 Overall, broad-based supply chain disruptions and the impact of inflation remain uncertain. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent to which supply chain disruptions and inflation will impact our business, supply chain, including labor availability and attrition, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
 
 Results of Operations Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Net sales 2,271.2 1,938.6 17 4,396.3 3,743.8 17 Gross profit 886.1 724.2 22 1,683.3 1,379.0 22 of net sales 39.0 37.4 38.3 36.8 Operating income 169.7 298.9 (43) 519.2 602.4 (14) of net sales 7.5 15.4 11.8 16.1 Net income (loss): Net income (loss) (24.5) 194.9 (113) 160.5 378.5 (58) Net income (loss) per common share assuming dilution (0.23) 1.90 (112) 1.51 3.69 (59) Adjusted gross profit (A) 
 879.7 750.5 17 1,712.2 1,394.9 23 of net sales 38.7 38.7 38.9 37.3 Adjusted operating income (A) 
 490.6 385.4 27 938.5 717.1 31 of net sales 21.6 19.9 21.3 19.2 Adjusted income: (A) 
 Income 294.2 265.0 11 553.7 492.0 13 Earnings per share assuming dilution 2.76 2.59 7 5.19 4.80 8 
 (A) We use non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our performance. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this discussion and analysis for a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Net Sales Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Net sales 2,271.2 1,938.6 332.6 17 4,396.3 3,743.8 652.5 17 Hostess Brands acquisition (315.5) (315.5) (16) (649.2) (649.2) (17) Canada condiment divestiture (15.8) 15.8 1 (33.4) 33.4 1 Sahale Snacks divestiture 
 (13.1) 13.1 1 (24.1) 24.1 1 Foreign currency exchange 0.5 0.5 2.6 2.6 Net sales excluding acquisition, divestitures, and foreign currency exchange (A) 
 1,956.2 1,909.7 46.5 2 3,749.7 3,686.3 63.4 2 
 Amounts may not add due to rounding. 
 (A) Net sales excluding acquisition, divestitures, and foreign currency exchange is a non-GAAP financial measure used to evaluate performance internally. This measure provides useful information to investors because it enables comparison of results on a year-over-year basis. 
 Net sales in the second quarter of 2025 increased 332.6, or 17 percent, which includes incremental net sales in the current year of 315.5 related to the Hostess Brands acquisition, partially offset by 28.9 of noncomparable net sales in the prior year related to divestitures. Net sales excluding acquisition, divestitures, and foreign currency exchange increased 46.5, or 2 percent. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Favorable volume/mix contributed 2 percentage points to net sales, primarily driven by increases for the Uncrustables , Meow Mix , Caf Bustelo , and Jif brands, partially offset by lower contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands and a decrease for the Dunkin brand. Net price realization contributed 1 percentage point to net sales, primarily reflecting higher net pricing for the Folgers brand, partially offset by lower net pricing for the Meow Mix brand. 
 Net sales in the first six months of 2025 increased 652.5, or 17 percent, which includes incremental net sales in the current year of 649.2 related to the Hostess Brands acquisition, partially offset by 57.5 of noncomparable net sales in the prior year related to divestitures. Net sales excluding acquisition, divestitures, and foreign currency exchange increased 63.4, or 2 percent. Favorable volume/mix contributed 1 percentage point to net sales, primarily driven by increases for the Uncrustables , Meow Mix , and Caf Bustelo brands, partially offset by lower contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands and a decrease for the Dunkin brand. Net price realization was neutral to net sales, as higher net pricing for the Folgers , Jif , and Caf Bustelo brands was mostly offset by lower net pricing for the Meow Mix , Dunkin , and Milk-Bone brands. 
 
 Operating Income 
 The following table presents the components of operating income as a percentage of net sales. 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross profit 39.0 37.4 38.3 36.8 Selling, distribution, and administrative expenses: Marketing 5.4 5.6 5.3 5.3 Selling 2.7 2.7 3.1 3.1 Distribution 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 General and administrative 6.1 5.8 6.2 5.6 Total selling, distribution, and administrative expenses 17.2 17.2 17.8 17.3 Amortization 2.5 2.0 2.5 2.1 Other special project costs 0.5 0.4 0.4 0.2 Loss (gain) on divestitures net 11.5 0.7 5.9 0.3 Other operating expense (income) net (0.1) 1.6 (0.2) 0.8 Operating income 7.5 15.4 11.8 16.1 
 Amounts may not add due to rounding. 
 Gross profit increased 161.9, or 22 percent, in the second quarter of 2025, primarily reflecting the noncomparable benefit of Hostess Brands, favorable volume/mix, higher net price realization, and lower costs, partially offset by the noncomparable impact of divestitures. 
 Operating income decreased 129.2, or 43 percent, primarily driven by the 260.8 pre-tax loss on the Voortman business disposal group classified as held for sale, a 57.2 increase in selling, distribution, and administrative SD A expenses, and a 16.2 increase in amortization expense, mostly attributable to the addition of Hostess Brands. These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by the increase in gross profit and lapping a 39.1 charge in the prior year related to the termination of a supplier agreement. 
 Our non-GAAP financial measures are adjusted to exclude amortization expense and impairment charges related to intangible assets, special project costs, gains and losses on divestitures, the change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses, and other infrequently occurring items that do not directly reflect ongoing operating results. Refer to Non-GAAP Financial Measures in this discussion and analysis for additional information. Gross profit excluding non-GAAP adjustments adjusted gross profit increased 129.2, or 17 percent, as compared to the prior year, primarily reflecting an unfavorable impact of the exclusion of a 38.0 change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses, as compared to GAAP gross profit. Operating income excluding non-GAAP adjustments adjusted operating income increased 105.2, or 27 percent, as compared to the prior year, further reflecting the exclusion of the 260.8 pre-tax loss for the assets held for sale, amortization expense, and other special project costs. 
 Gross profit increased 304.3, or 22 percent, in the first six months of 2025, primarily reflecting the noncomparable benefit of Hostess Brands, favorable volume/mix, higher net price realization, and lower costs, partially offset by the noncomparable impact of divestitures. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Operating income decreased 83.2, or 14 percent, primarily driven by the 260.8 pre-tax loss on the Voortman business disposal group classified as held for sale, a 133.7 increase in SD A expenses, a 32.4 increase in amortization expense, mostly attributable to the addition of Hostess Brands, and an 11.0 increase in special project costs primarily related to integration costs associated with the acquisition of Hostess Brands. These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by the increase in gross profit and lapping the 39.1 charge in the prior year related to the termination of a supplier agreement. 
 Adjusted gross profit increased 317.3, or 23 percent, as compared to the prior year, reflecting the exclusion of special project costs and the change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses, as compared to GAAP gross profit. Adjusted operating income increased 221.4, or 31 percent, as compared to the prior year, further reflecting the exclusion of the 260.8 pre-tax loss for the assets held for sale, amortization expense, and other special project costs. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 Net interest expense increased 63.6 and 131.9 in the second quarter and first six months of 2025, respectively, primarily due to increased interest expense related to the new Senior Notes issued during 2024 to partially finance the acquisition of Hostess Brands. For additional information, refer to Note 8: Debt and Financing Arrangements. 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective income tax rates for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, were 136.7 and 21.9 percent, respectively, and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, were 48.7 and 22.4 percent, respectively. The increase in the effective income tax rates, as compared to the prior year, was primarily due to an unfavorable permanent tax impact and the recognition of a taxable outside basis difference reflecting the reversal of our indefinite reinvestment assertion on the Voortman Cookies Limited entity, both associated with the classification of the Voortman business as held for sale during the second quarter of 2025. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, the effective income tax rate varied from the U.S. statutory income tax rate of 21.0 percent primarily due to the unfavorable impacts of the classification of the Voortman business as held for sale. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2023, the effective income tax rate varied from the U.S. statutory income tax rate of 21.0 percent primarily due to state income taxes, partially offset by the recognition of a deductible outside basis difference related to the divestiture of the Sahale Snacks brand, which was classified as held for sale as of October 31, 2023. We anticipate a full-year effective income tax rate for 2025 of approximately 34.0 percent. For additional information, refer to Note 4: Divestitures and Note 13: Income Taxes. 
 Special Project Costs 
 Divestiture Costs : Total divestiture costs incurred to date related to the divested Sahale Snacks and Canada condiment businesses were 5.9, which included 4.3 and 1.6 of employee-related and other transition and termination costs, respectively, all of which were cash charges. We incurred divestiture costs of 0.1 and 0.4 during the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, primarily consisting of employee-related costs. As of October 31, 2024, we have incurred the majority of the anticipated costs related to these divestitures and expect costs incurred during the second half of 2025 to be minimal. 
 
 Furthermore, we identified opportunities to address certain distribution inefficiencies, as a result of the divestiture of certain pet food brands. We anticipate incurring approximately 12.0 of costs related to these efforts, consisting primarily of other transition and termination charges. The majority of these costs are expected to be cash charges and incurred by the end of 2026, with approximately half of the costs expected to be recognized in 2025. We have recognized total cumulative costs of 0.9, of which 0.8 and 0.9 were recognized during the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Integration Costs : Total integration costs related to the acquisition of Hostess Brands are anticipated to be approximately 210.0 and include transaction costs, employee-related costs, and other transition and termination charges, with the majority expected to be cash charges. We anticipate the remaining integration costs will be incurred by the end of 2026 and are expected to be split between employee-related and other transition and termination costs. We have recognized total cumulative integration costs of 174.5, of which 15.1 and 27.1 were recognized during the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, respectively. 
 
 For further information on these costs, refer to Note 5: Special Project Costs. 
 
 Segment Results 
 We have four reportable segments: U.S. Retail Coffee, U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads, U.S. Retail Pet Foods, and Sweet Baked Snacks. The presentation of International and Away From Home represents a combination of all other operating segments that are not individually reportable. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 T he U.S. Retail Coffee segment primarily includes the domestic sales of Folgers , Dunkin , and Caf Bustelo branded coffee; the U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads segment primarily includes the domestic sales of Uncrustables , Jif , and Smucker s branded products; the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment primarily includes the domestic sales of Meow Mix , Milk-Bone , Pup-Peroni , and Canine Carry Outs branded products; and the Sweet Baked Snacks segment primarily includes all domestic and foreign sales of Hostess and Voortman branded products in all channels. With the exception of Sweet Baked Snacks products, International and Away From Home includes the sale of all products that are distributed in foreign countries through retail channels, as well as domestically and in foreign countries through foodservice distributors and operators (e.g., healthcare operators, restaurants, educational institutions, offices, lodging and gaming establishments, and convenience stores). 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Net sales: U.S. Retail Coffee 704.0 685.7 3 1,327.4 1,310.8 1 U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads 485.2 464.3 5 982.0 928.3 6 U.S. Retail Pet Foods 445.4 464.0 (4) 845.1 905.0 (7) Sweet Baked Snacks 315.5 n/a 649.2 n/a International and Away From Home 321.1 324.6 (1) 592.6 599.7 (1) Segment profit: U.S. Retail Coffee 202.7 171.0 19 375.3 341.1 10 U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads 116.1 128.5 (10) 235.1 234.2 U.S. Retail Pet Foods 121.4 97.2 25 236.7 178.5 33 Sweet Baked Snacks 70.6 n/a 145.0 n/a International and Away From Home 68.0 60.2 13 116.6 96.6 21 Segment profit margin: U.S. Retail Coffee 28.8 24.9 28.3 26.0 U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads 23.9 27.7 23.9 25.2 U.S. Retail Pet Foods 27.3 20.9 28.0 19.7 Sweet Baked Snacks 22.4 n/a 22.3 n/a International and Away From Home 21.2 18.5 19.7 16.1 
 U.S. Retail Coffee 
 The U.S. Retail Coffee segment net sales increased 18.3 in the second quarter of 2025. Net price realization increased net sales by 3 percentage points, primarily driven by higher net pricing for mainstream roast and ground and instant coffee. Volume/mix was neutral to net sales, as a decline for the Dunkin brand was mostly offset by increases for the Caf Bustelo and Folgers brands. Segment profit increased 31.7, primarily reflecting lapping the 39.1 charge in the prior year related to the termination of a supplier agreement and higher net price realization, partially offset by higher commodity costs. 
 The U.S. Retail Coffee segment net sales increased 16.6 in the first six months of 2025. Net price realization increased net sales by 1 percentage point, primarily driven by higher net pricing for the Folgers and Caf Bustelo brands, partially offset by lower net pricing for the Dunkin brand. Volume/mix was neutral to net sales, as increases for the Caf Bustelo and Folgers brands were mostly offset by a decline for the Dunkin brand. Segment profit increased 34.2, primarily reflecting lapping the 39.1 charge in the prior year related to the termination of a supplier agreement, higher net price realization, and lower marketing and selling expenses, partially offset by higher commodity costs. 
 U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads 
 The U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads segment net sales increased 20.9 in the second quarter of 2025, inclusive of the impact of 8.2 of noncomparable net sales in the prior year related to the divested Sahale Snacks business. Excluding the noncomparable impact of the divestiture, net sales increased 29.1, or 6 percent. Volume/mix contributed 8 percentage points to net sales, primarily reflecting increases for Uncrustables sandwiches and Jif peanut butter. Net price realization decreased net sales by 2 percentage points, primarily reflecting higher trade spend for Uncrustables sandwiches. Segment profit decreased 12.4, primarily reflecting higher costs, lower net price realization, pre-production expenses related to the new Uncrustables sandwiches manufacturing facility, and higher marketing spend, partially offset by favorable volume/mix. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads segment net sales increased 53.7 in the first six months of 2025, inclusive of the impact of 15.1 of noncomparable net sales in the prior year related to the divested Sahale Snacks business. Excluding the noncomparable impact of the divestiture, net sales increased 68.8, or 8 percent. Volume/mix contributed 8 percentage points to net sales, primarily reflecting increases for Uncrustables sandwiches and Jif peanut butter. Net price realization was neutral to net sales as lower net pricing for Uncrustables sandwiches was mostly offset by higher net pricing for Jif peanut butter, reflecting a list price increase for peanut butter implemented in the prior year. Segment profit increased 0.9, as favorable volume/mix and lower costs were mostly offset by higher marketing spend, pre-production expenses related to the new Uncrustables sandwiches manufacturing facility, and lower net price realization. 
 U.S. Retail Pet Foods 
 The U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment net sales decreased 18.6 in the second quarter of 2025. Volume/mix decreased net sales by 2 percentage points, primarily reflecting decreased contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands and decreases for the Canine Carry Outs and Pup-Peroni brands, partially offset by increases for the Meow Mix and Milk-Bone brands. Net price realization decreased net sales by 2 percentage points, primarily reflecting higher trade spend for cat food and dog snacks. Segment profit increased 24.2, reflecting lower costs, favorable volume/mix, and lower distribution and marketing expenses, partially offset by lower net price realization. 
 The U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment net sales decreased 59.9 in the first six months of 2025. Volume/mix decreased net sales by 4 percentage points, primarily reflecting decreased contract manufacturing sales related to the divested pet food brands, partially offset by increases for cat food and dog snacks. Net price realization decreased net sales by 3 percentage points, primarily reflecting higher trade spend for cat food and dog snacks. Segment profit increased 58.2, reflecting lower costs, favorable volume/mix, and lower distribution expenses, partially offset by lower net price realization. 
 Sweet Baked Snacks 
 We acquired Hostess Brands on November 7, 2023, as discussed in Note 3: Acquisition. During the second quarter of 2025, the Sweet Baked Snacks segment contributed net sales of 315.5 and segment profit of 70.6. During the first six months of 2025, the Sweet Baked Snacks segment contributed net sales of 649.2 and segment profit of 145.0. Prior year net sales and segment profit are not provided due to differences in reporting periods and certain financial measures under previous ownership. 
 International and Away From Home 
 International and Away From Home net sales decreased 3.5 in the second quarter of 2025, including the noncomparable impact of 20.7 of net sales in the prior year related to the divestitures and 0.5 of unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Excluding the noncomparable impact of the divested businesses and foreign currency exchange, net sales increased 17.7, or 6 percent. Net price realization contributed 4 percentage points to net sales, primarily driven by list price increases across the majority of the portfolio, partially offset by increased trade spend. Volume/mix contributed 2 percentage points to net sales, primarily reflecting increases for peanut butter and portion control products and Uncrustables sandwiches, partially offset by a decrease for coffee products. Segment profit increased 7.8, primarily driven by higher net price realization and favorable volume/mix, partially offset by higher costs, the impact of noncomparable segment profit in the prior year related to the divested businesses, and pre-production expenses related to the new Uncrustables sandwiches manufacturing facility. 
 International and Away From Home net sales decreased 7.1 in the first six months of 2025, including the noncomparable impact of 42.4 of net sales in the prior year related to the divestitures and 2.6 of unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Excluding the noncomparable impact of the divested businesses and foreign currency exchange, net sales increased 37.9, or 7 percent. Net price realization contributed 5 percentage points to net sales, primarily driven by list price increases across the majority of the portfolio, partially offset by increased trade spend. Volume/mix contributed 2 percentage points to net sales, primarily reflecting increases for Uncrustables sandwiches and portion control and peanut butter products, partially offset by decreases for coffee and dog snack products. Segment profit increased 20.0, primarily driven by higher net price realization, favorable volume/mix, and decreased marketing spend, partially offset by the impact of noncomparable segment profit in the prior year related to the divested businesses, pre-production expenses related to the new Uncrustables sandwiches manufacturing facility, and higher costs. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Liquidity 
 Our principal source of funds is cash generated from operations, supplemented by borrowings against our commercial paper program and revolving credit facility. Total cash and cash equivalents decreased to 49.2 at October 31, 2024, compared to 62.0 at April 30, 2024. 
 The following table presents selected cash flow information. Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 577.1 394.8 Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities (225.7) (293.7) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities (363.7) 2,867.7 Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities 577.1 394.8 Additions to property, plant, and equipment (210.7) (299.0) Free cash flow (A) 
 366.4 95.8 
 (A) Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure used by management to evaluate the amount of cash available for debt repayment, dividend distribution, acquisition opportunities, share repurchases, and other corporate purposes. 
 The 182.3 increase in cash provided by operating activities in the first six months of 2025 was primarily driven by higher net income adjusted for noncash items in the current year and timing of income tax payments, partially offset by higher working capital requirements in 2025. The cash required to fund working capital increased compared to the prior year primarily driven by a decrease in cash from trade receivables due to timing of sales and payments, partially offset by a change in inventory levels and an increase in cash from accounts payable due to timing of spend and payments. 
 Cash used for investing activities in the first six months of 2025 consisted primarily of 210.7 in capital expenditures, reflecting our investments in the new Uncrustables sandwiches manufacturing and distribution facilities in McCalla, Alabama, as well as plant maintenance across our facilities. The use of cash for 2025 also included an increase of 14.9 in our derivative cash margin account balances. Cash used for investing activities in the first six months of 2024 consisted primarily of 299.0 in capital expenditures, primarily related to the new manufacturing and distribution facilities in McCalla, Alabama and plant maintenance across our facilities. 
 Cash used for financing activities in the first six months of 2025 consisted primarily of dividend payments of 226.5 and a net decrease in short-term borrowings of 121.6. Cash provided by financing activities in the first six months of 2024 consisted primarily of proceeds from long-term debt of 3,485.0, partially offset by the purchase of treasury shares of 372.4 and dividend payments of 213.2. 
 Supplier Financing Program 
 As part of ongoing efforts to maximize working capital, we work with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which includes the extension of payment terms. Payment terms with our suppliers, which we deem to be commercially reasonable, range from 0 to 180 days. We have an agreement with a third-party administrator to provide an accounts payable tracking system and facilitate a supplier financing pr ogram, which allows participating suppliers the ability to monitor and voluntarily elect to sell our payment obligations to a designated third-party financial institution. Participating suppliers can sell one or more of our payment obligations at their sole discretion, and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not impacted. We have no economic interest in a supplier s decision to enter into these agreements. Our rights and obligations to our suppliers, in cluding amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted by our suppliers decisions to sell amounts under these arrangements. As of October 31, 2024, and April 30, 2024, 360.9 and 384.9 of our outstanding payment obligations, respectively, were elected and sold to a financial institution by participating suppliers. During the first six months of 2025 and 2024, we paid 818.8 and 882.8, respectively, to a financial institution for payment obligations that were settled through the supplier fi nancing program. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Contingencies 
 We, like other food manufacturers, are from time to time subject to various administrative, regulatory, and other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We are currently a defendant in a variety of such legal proceedings, and while we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate results of these proceedings or potential settlements associated with these or other matters, we have accrued losses for certain contingent liabilities that we have determined are probable and reasonably estimable at October 31, 2024. Based on the information known to date, with the exception of the matters discussed below, we do not believe the final outcome of these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Class Action Lawsuits: We are defendants in a series of putative class action lawsuits that were transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Missouri for coordinated pre-trial proceedings. The plaintiffs assert claims arising under various state laws for false advertising, consumer protection, deceptive and unfair trade practices, and similar statutes. Their claims are premised on allegations that we have misrepresented the number of servings that can be made from various canisters of Folgers coffee on the packaging for those products. The outcome and the financial impact of these cases, if any, cannot be predicted at this time. Accordingly, no loss contingency has been recorded for these matters as of October 31, 2024, as the likelihood of loss is not considered probable or reasonably estimable. However, if we are required to pay significant damages, our business and financial results could be adversely impacted, and sales of those products could suffer not only in these locations but elsewhere. 
 Product Recall: We are defendants in ongoing consumer litigation associated with the voluntary recall of select Jif peanut butter products initiated in May 2022. The outcome and financial impact of this litigation cannot be predicted at this time. Accordingly, no loss contingency has been recorded for these matters as of October 31, 2024, as the likelihood of loss is not considered probable or reasonably estimable. 
 Voortman Contingency: In December 2020, Hostess Brands asserted claims for indemnification against the Sellers under the terms of the Purchase Agreement pursuant to which Hostess Brands acquired Voortman. The claims were for damages arising out of alleged breaches by the Sellers of certain representations, warranties, and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement relating to periods prior to the closing of the acquisition. Hostess Brands also submitted claims relating to these alleged breaches under RWI that was purchased in connection with the acquisition. In the third quarter of calendar 2022, the RWI insurers paid Hostess Brands the Proceeds related to these breaches. Per agreement with the RWI insurers, we will not be required to return the Proceeds under any circumstances. 
 On November 3, 2022, pursuant to the agreement with the RWI insurers, Voortman brought the Claim related to the breaches against certain of the Sellers. The Claim alleges the seller defendants made certain non-disclosures and misrepresentations to induce Hostess Brands to overpay for Voortman. We are seeking damages of 109.0 CAD representing the amount of the aggregate liability of the Sellers for indemnification under the Purchase Agreement, 5.0 CAD in punitive or aggravated damages, interest, proceedings fees, and any other relief the presiding court deems appropriate. A portion of any recovery will be shared with the RWI insurers. Although we believe that the Claim is meritorious, no assurance can be given as to whether we will recover all, or any part, of the amounts being pursued. Upon completion of the sale of the Voortman business, which is anticipated to occur during the third quarter of 2025, we will retain rights to the Claim. 
 Capital Resources 
 The following table presents our capital structure. October 31, 2024 April 30, 2024 Current portion of long-term debt 999.7 999.3 Short-term borrowings 488.0 591.0 Long-term debt, less current portion 6,776.8 6,773.7 Total debt 8,264.5 8,364.0 Shareholders equity 7,633.1 7,693.9 Total capital 15,897.6 16,057.9 
 
 In October 2023, we completed an offering of 3.5 billion in Senior Notes due November 15, 2028, November 15, 2033, November 15, 2043, and November 15, 2053. The net proceeds from the offering were used to partially finance the acquisition of Hostess Brands and pay off the debt assumed as part of the acquisition. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 We have available a 2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of 11 banks that matures in August 2026. Additionally, we participate in a commercial paper program under which we can issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper not to exceed 2.0 billion at any time. The commercial paper program is backed by our revolving credit facility and reduces what we can borrow under the revolving credit facility by the amount of commercial paper outstanding. Commercial paper is used as a continuing source of short-term financing for general corporate purposes. As of October 31, 2024, we had 488.0 of short-term borrowings outstanding, which were issued under our commercial paper program at a weighted-average interest rate of 4.95 percent. 
 We are in compliance with all our debt covenants as of October 31, 2024, and expect to be for the next 12 months. For additional information on our long-term debt, sources of liquidity, and debt covenants, see Note 8: Debt and Financing Arrangements. 
 Dividend payments were 226.5 and 213.2 in the first six months of 2025 and 2024, respectively, and dividends declared per share were 2.16 and 2.12 in the first six months of 2025 and 2024, respectively. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board and depends on various factors, such as our net income (loss), financial condition, cash requirements, future events, and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 
 During the six months ended October 31, 2024, we did not repurchase any common shares under a repurchase plan authorized by the Board. As of October 31, 2024, approximately 1.1 million common shares remain available for repurchase pursuant to the Board s authorizations. There is no guarantee as to the exact number of shares that may be repurchased or when such purchases may occur. 
 On March 2, 2023, we entered into the 10b5-1 Plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act in connection with the remaining common shares authorized for repurchase by the Board, which was approximately 3.5 million common shares as of April 30, 2023. In accordance with the 10b5-1 Plan, our designated broker had the authority to repurchase approximately 2.4 million common shares, which commenced upon the sale of certain pet food brands on April 28, 2023, and expired 45 calendar days after the closure of the transaction. During the first quarter of 2024, we repurchased approximately 2.4 million common shares for 362.8 under the 10b5-1 Plan. In accordance with the Inflation Reduction Act, a one percent excise tax was applied to share repurchases after December 31, 2022. As a result, an excise tax of 3.6 was accrued on the repurchased shares during the first quarter of 2024 and included within additional capital in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. An accrued excise tax of 6.7 was paid during the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, which was related to the shares repurchased under the 10b5-1 Plan during 2023 and 2024. 
 All other share repurchases during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, consisted of shares repurchased from stock plan recipients in lieu of cash payments. 
 On November 7, 2023, we acquired Hostess Brands, and as a result, we issued approximately 4.0 million common shares valued at 450.2 in exchange for the outstanding shares of Hostess Brands common stock to partially fund the acquisition. The shares issued were based on each outstanding share of Hostess Brands common stock receiving 30.00 per share in cash and 0.03002 shares of our common shares, which represents a value of 4.25 based on the closing stock price of our common shares on September 8, 2023, the last trading day preceding September 11, 2023, the date on which the execution of the Hostess Brands merger agreement was publicly announced. For additional information on the acquisition of Hostess Brands, see Note 3: Acquisition. 
 In November 2021, we announced plans to invest 1.1 billion to build a new manufacturing facility and distribution center in McCalla, Alabama dedicated to the production of Uncrustables sandwiches. Construction of this facility began in 2022 and production began during the second quarter of 2025. The project demonstrates our commitment to meet increasing demand for this highly successful product and deliver on our strategy to focus on brands with the most significant growth opportunities. Construction of the facility and production will occur in three phases over multiple years, with financial investments and job creation aligning across each of the three phases. 
 Absent any material acquisitions, apart from the recent acquisition of Hostess Brands, or other significant investments, we believe that cash on hand, combined with cash provided by operations, borrowings available under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, and access to capital markets, will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for the next 12 months, including the payment of quarterly dividends, principal and interest payments on debt outstanding, and capital expenditures. We intend to use a combination of the aforementioned sources of liquidity to fund our obligations with respect to the Senior Notes due March 15, 2025. However, as a result of the current macroeconomic environment and the recent acquisition, we may experience an increase in the cost or the difficulty to obtain debt or equity financing, or to refinance our 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 debt in the future. We continue to evaluate these risks, which could affect our financial condition or our ability to fund operations or future investment opportunities. 
 As of October 31, 2024, total cash and cash equivalents of 37.0 was held by our foreign subsidiaries, primarily in Canada. During the second quarter of 2025, we returned 35.0 of foreign cash to the U.S. from Canada, reflecting intercompany debt repayments, and as a result, there were no tax impacts. There was no other foreign cash repatriated to the U.S. during the first six months of 2025. 
 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 We do not have material off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known as variable interest entities. Transactions with related parties are in the ordinary course of business and are not material to our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were no other material changes to our material cash requirements as previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2024. 
 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 We use non-GAAP financial measures including: net sales excluding acquisition, divestitures, and foreign currency exchange, adjusted gross profit, adjusted operating income, adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share, and free cash flow, as key measures for purposes of evaluating performance internally. We believe that investors understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing these performance measures. Furthermore, these non-GAAP financial measures are used by management in preparation of the annual budget and for the monthly analyses of our operating results. The Board also utilizes certain non-GAAP financial measures as components for measuring performance for incentive compensation purposes. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures exclude certain items affecting comparability that can significantly affect the year-over-year assessment of operating results, which include amortization expense and impairment charges related to intangible assets, special project costs, gains and losses on divestitures, the change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses, and other infrequently occurring items that do not directly reflect ongoing operating results. Income taxes, as adjusted is calculated using an adjusted effective income tax rate that is applied to adjusted income before income taxes and reflects the exclusion of the previously discussed items, as well as any adjustments for one-time tax related activities, when they occur. While this adjusted effective income tax rate does not generally differ materially from our GAAP effective income tax rate, certain exclusions from non-GAAP results, such as the unfavorable tax impacts associated with the classification of the Voortman business as held for sale, can significantly impact our adjusted effective income tax rate. 
 
 These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to replace the presentation of financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Rather, the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures supplements other metrics we use to internally evaluate our business and facilitate the comparison of past and present operations and liquidity. These non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies and may exclude certain nondiscretionary expenses and cash payments. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles certain non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP financial measure. See page 25 for a reconciliation of net sales adjusted for certain noncomparable items to the comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross profit reconciliation: Gross profit 886.1 724.2 1,683.3 1,379.0 Change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses (11.7) 26.3 18.3 15.9 Cost of products sold special project costs (A) 
 5.3 10.6 Adjusted gross profit 879.7 750.5 1,712.2 1,394.9 Operating income reconciliation: Operating income 169.7 298.9 519.2 602.4 Amortization 55.8 39.6 111.8 79.4 Loss (gain) on divestitures net 260.8 13.8 260.8 12.6 Change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses (11.7) 26.3 18.3 15.9 Cost of products sold special project costs (A) 
 5.3 10.6 Other special project costs (A) 
 10.7 6.8 17.8 6.8 Adjusted operating income 490.6 385.4 938.5 717.1 Net income (loss) reconciliation: Net income (loss) (24.5) 194.9 160.5 378.5 Income tax expense 91.3 54.5 152.3 109.3 Amortization 55.8 39.6 111.8 79.4 Loss (gain) on divestitures net 260.8 13.8 260.8 12.6 Change in net cumulative unallocated derivative gains and losses (11.7) 26.3 18.3 15.9 Cost of products sold special project costs (A) 
 5.3 10.6 Other special project costs (A) 
 10.7 6.8 17.8 6.8 Other debt costs special project costs (A) 
 19.5 19.5 Other expense special project costs (A) 
 0.4 0.4 Other infrequently occurring items: Unrealized loss (gain) on investment in equity securities net (B) 
 (5.9) 21.5 Pension plan termination settlement charge (C) 
 3.2 Adjusted income before income taxes 387.7 349.9 732.1 647.1 Income taxes, as adjusted 93.5 84.9 178.4 155.1 Adjusted income 294.2 265.0 553.7 492.0 Weighted-average shares assuming dilution 106.7 102.4 106.6 102.6 Adjusted earnings per share assuming dilution 2.76 2.59 5.19 4.80 
 (A) Includes certain divestiture, acquisition, integration, and restructuring costs. For more information, see Note 5: Special Project Costs, Note 6: Reportable Segments, and Note 8: Debt and Financing Arrangements. 
 (B) Unrealized loss (gain) on investment in equity securities net includes losses and gains resulting from the change in fair value on our investment in Post common stock and the related equity forward contract, which was settled on November 15, 2023. For more information, see Note 4: Divestitures and Note 10: Derivative Financial Instruments. 
 (C) Represents the nonrecurring pre-tax settlement charge recognized during the first quarter of 2024 related to the acceleration of prior service cost for the portion of the plan surplus to be allocated to plan members within our Canadian defined benefit plans, which is subject to regulatory approval before a payout can be made. For additional information, see Note 9: Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND POLICIES 
 A discussion of our critical accounting estimates and policies can be found in the Management s Discussion and Analysis section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2024. There were no material changes to the information previously disclosed. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 (Dollars in millions, unless otherwise noted) 
 The following discussions about our market risk disclosures involve forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates, commodity prices, and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk: The fair value of our cash and cash equivalents at October 31, 2024, approximates carrying value. We are exposed to interest rate risk with regard to existing debt consisting of fixed- and variable-rate maturities. Our interest rate exposure primarily includes U.S. Treasury rates, SOFR, and commercial paper rates in the U.S. 
 From time to time, we utilize derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk associated with anticipated debt transactions, as well as to manage changes in the fair value of our long-term debt. At the inception of an interest rate contract, the instrument is evaluated and documented for qualifying hedge accounting treatment. If the contract is designated as a cash flow hedge, the mark-to-market gains or losses on the contract are deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and generally reclassified to interest expense in the period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. If the contract is designated as a fair value hedge, the contract is recognized at fair value on the balance sheet and changes in the fair value are recognized in interest expense. Generally, changes in the fair value of the contract are equal to changes in the fair value of the underlying debt and have no net impact on earnings. 
 In 2020, we terminated all outstanding interest rate contracts concurrent with the pricing of the Senior Notes due March 15, 2030 and March 15, 2050. The contracts were designated as cash flow hedges and were used to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility associated with the anticipated debt financing. The termination resulted in a pre-tax loss of 239.8, which was deferred and included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is being amortized as interest expense over the life of the debt. 
 In measuring interest rate risk by the amount of net change in the fair value of our financial liabilities, a hypothetical 100 basis-point decrease in interest rates at October 31, 2024, would increase the fair value of our long-term debt by 617.6. 
 Commodity Price Risk: We use certain raw materials and other commodities that are subject to price volatility caused by supply and demand conditions, political and economic variables, weather, investor speculation, and other unpredictable factors. To manage the volatility related to anticipated commodity purchases, we use derivatives with maturities of generally less than one year. We do not qualify commodity derivatives for hedge accounting treatment. As a result, the gains and losses on all commodity derivatives are immediately recognized in cost of products sold. 
 The following sensitivity analysis presents our potential loss (gain) of fair value resulting from a hypothetical 10 percent change in market prices related to commodities. October 31, 2024 April 30, 2024 High 35.2 26.0 Low (2.9) (4.0) Average 17.9 12.8 
 The estimated fair value was determined using quoted market prices and was based on our net derivative position by commodity for the previous four quarters. The calculations are not intended to represent actual gains or losses in fair value that we expect to incur. In practice, as markets move, we actively manage our risk and adjust hedging strategies as appropriate. The commodities hedged have a high inverse correlation to price changes of the derivative instrument. Thus, we would expect that over time any gain or loss in the estimated fair value of its derivatives would generally be offset by an increase or decrease in the estimated fair value of the underlying exposures. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk: We have operations outside the U.S. with foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, primarily denominated in Canadian currency. Because we have foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, financial exposure may result, primarily from the timing of transactions and the movement of exchange rates. The foreign currency balance sheet exposures as of October 31, 2024, are not expected to result in a significant impact on future earnings or cash flows. 
 We utilize foreign currency derivatives to manage the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations on future cash payments primarily related to purchases of certain raw materials and finished goods. The contracts generally have maturities of less than 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 one year. We do not qualify instruments used to manage foreign currency exchange exposures for hedge accounting treatment. Therefore, the change in value of these instruments is immediately recognized in cost of products sold. Based on our hedged foreign currency positions as of October 31, 2024, a hypothetical 10 percent change in exchange rates would not materially impact the fair value. 
 Revenues from customers outside the U.S., subject to foreign currency exchange, represented 4 percent of net sales during the six months ended October 31, 2024. Thus, certain revenues and expenses have been, and are expected to be, subject to the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, and these fluctuations may have an impact on operating results. 
 Certain Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. The forward-looking statements may include statements concerning our current expectations, estimates, assumptions, and beliefs concerning future events, conditions, plans, and strategies that are not historical fact. Any statement that is not historical in nature is a forward-looking statement and may be identified by the use of words and phrases such as expect, anticipate, believe, intend, will, plan, and similar phrases. 
 Federal securities laws provide a safe harbor for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information. We are providing this cautionary statement in connection with the safe harbor provisions. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, as such statements are by nature subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements and from our historical results and experience. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 uncertainties related to the timing of the consummation of the sale of the Voortman business to Second Nature, including the possibility that any or all of the conditions to the sale may not be satisfied or waived (including failure to receive required regulatory approvals); 
 our ability to successfully integrate Hostess Brands operations and employees and to implement plans and achieve financial forecasts with respect to the Hostess Brands business; 
 our ability to realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies and cost savings, related to the Hostess Brands acquisition, including the possibility that the expected benefits will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected time period; 
 disruption from the acquisition of Hostess Brands by diverting the attention of our management and making it more difficult to maintain business and operational relationships; 
 the negative effects of the acquisition of Hostess Brands on the market price of our common shares; 
 the amount of the costs, fees, expenses, and charges and the risk of litigation related to the acquisition of Hostess Brands; 
 the effect of the acquisition of Hostess Brands on our business relationships, operating results, ability to hire and retain key talent, and business generally; 
 disruptions or inefficiencies in our operations or supply chain, including any impact caused by product recalls, political instability, terrorism, geopolitical conflicts (including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas), extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, pandemics, work stoppages or labor shortages (including potential strikes along the U.S. East and Gulf coast ports and potential impacts related to the duration of a recent strike at our Buffalo, New York manufacturing facility), or other calamities; 
 risks related to the availability of, and cost inflation in, supply chain inputs, including labor, raw materials, commodities, packaging, and transportation; 
 the impact of food security concerns involving either our products or our competitors products, including changes in consumer preference, consumer litigation, actions by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or other agencies, and product recalls; 
 risks associated with derivative and purchasing strategies we employ to manage commodity pricing and interest rate risks; 
 the availability of reliable transportation on acceptable terms; 
 our ability to achieve cost savings related to our restructuring and cost management programs in the amounts and within the time frames currently anticipated; 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to continue operating under our capital deployment model, including capital expenditures, debt repayment to meet our deleveraging objectives, dividend payments, and share repurchases; 
 a change in outlook or downgrade in our public credit ratings by a rating agency below investment grade; 
 our ability to implement and realize the full benefit of price changes, and the impact of the timing of the price changes to profits and cash flow in a particular period; 
 the success and cost of marketing and sales programs and strategies intended to promote growth in our business, including product innovation; 
 general competitive activity in the market, including competitors pricing practices and promotional spending levels; 
 our ability to attract and retain key talent; 
 the concentration of certain of our businesses with key customers and suppliers, including primary or single-source suppliers of certain key raw materials and finished goods, and our ability to manage and maintain key relationships; 
 impairments in the carrying value of goodwill, other intangible assets, or other long-lived assets or changes in the useful lives of other intangible assets or other long-lived assets; 
 the impact of new or changes to existing governmental laws and regulations and their application; 
 the outcome of tax examinations, changes in tax laws, and other tax matters; 
 a disruption, failure, or security breach of our or our suppliers information technology systems, including, but not limited to, ransomware attacks; 
 foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations; and 
 risks related to other factors described under Risk Factors in other reports and statements we have filed with the SEC. 
 Readers are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made, when evaluating the information presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect new events or circumstances subsequent to the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: Management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of October 31, 2024 (the Evaluation Date ). Based on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Controls: There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the six months ended October 31, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Information required for Part II, Item 1 is incorporated by reference to the discussion in Note 15: Contingencies in Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Our business, operations, and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2024, should be carefully considered, together with the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the SEC, in connection with evaluating the Company, our business, and the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect us. The occurrence of any of these known or unknown risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers: The following table presents the total number of shares of common stock purchased during the second quarter of 2025, the average price paid per share, the number of shares that were purchased as part of a publicly announced repurchase program, if any, and the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs: 
 Period (a) (b) (c) (d) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 88 117.38 1,111,472 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 796 119.89 1,111,472 October 1, 2024 - October 31, 2024 88 119.94 1,111,472 Total 972 119.67 1,111,472 
 
 (a) Shares in this column include shares repurchased from stock plan recipients in lieu of cash payments. 
 (d) As of October 31, 2024, there were approximately 1.1 million common shares remaining available for repurchase pursuant to the Board s authorizations. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 (c) Trading Plans 
 During the first six months of 2025, no director or Section 16 officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 See the Index of Exhibits that appears on Page No. 40 of this report. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 November 26, 2024 
 THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY /s/ Mark T. Smucker By: MARK T. SMUCKER Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer /s/ Tucker H. Marshall By: TUCKER H. MARSHALL Chief Financial Officer 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX OF EXHIBITS 
 
 The following exhibits are either attached or incorporated herein by reference to another filing with the SEC. Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 31.1 
 Certifications of Mark T. Smucker pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended 
 31.2 
 Certifications of Tucker H. Marshall pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended 
 32 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 104 The cover page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL 
 
 Identifies exhibits that consist of a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sjm20241031-10qex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Mark T. Smucker, Chair of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer of The J. M. Smucker Company, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The J. M. Smucker Company 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 26, 2024 
 
 s Mark T. Smucker Name Mark T. Smucker Title Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sjm20241031-10qex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Tucker H. Marshall, Chief Financial Officer of The J. M. Smucker Company, certify that 
 (1) I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The J. M. Smucker Company 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 (4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 (5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 26, 2024 
 
 s Tucker H. Marshall Name Tucker H. Marshall 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 sjm20241031-10qex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The J. M. Smucker Company (the Company for the quarter ended October 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 
 s Mark T. Smucker Name Mark T. Smucker Title Chair of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer s Tucker H. Marshall Name Tucker H. Marshall Title Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date November 26, 2024 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 sjm-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 sjm-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 sjm-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 sjm-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 sjm-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

