<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1101680_0001101680-24-000175.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7563031</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>122424</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1396064</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2275182</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1990555</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1660212</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001101680-24-000175.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112085029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001101680-24-000175
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DZS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001101680
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				223509099
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32743
		FILM NUMBER:		241443861

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5700 TENNYSON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4693271531

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5700 TENNYSON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75024

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160912

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZHONE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TELLIUM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001101680-24-000175.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 dzsi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

dzsi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 __________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to 
 
 (Commission File Number) 
 __________________________________________________ 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 __________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered OTC Markets Group, Inc. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. o No x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). o No x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o x Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 41 
 Signatures 
 43 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 DZS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except par value) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable - trade, net of allowance for credit losses of as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023 
 Other receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023 
 Inventories Contract assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current assets held for sale Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use assets from operating leases Intangible assets, net Other assets Non-current assets held for sale Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable - trade Contract liabilities Operating lease liabilities Accrued and other liabilities Current liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Long-term debt Contract liabilities - non-current Operating lease liabilities - non-current Pension liabilities Other long-term liabilities Non-current liabilities held for sale Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 DZS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit (loss) ) Operating expenses: Research and product development Selling, marketing, general and administrative Restructuring and other charges Impairment of long-lived assets Amortization of intangible assets Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Bargain purchase gain Other income (expense), net ) ) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net loss from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax ) ) ) Loss on sale of discontinued operations ) Net loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments (a) ) ) ) ) Reclassification of foreign currency translation adjustments to net income as a result of discontinued operations Actuarial loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share from continuing operations Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) Net loss per share from discontinued operations Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 (a) million and million on intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term investment nature for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Includes net loss of million and million on intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term investment nature for three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 DZS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 Common stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Shares Amount Nine months ended September 30, 2024: Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units, exercise of stock options and employee stock plan purchases, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Private placement of shares Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units, exercise of stock options and employee stock plan purchases, net of shares withheld for taxes Stock-based compensation Issuance of warrants Reclassification of foreign currency translation adjustments to net income as a result of discontinued operations Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units, exercise of stock options and employee stock plan purchases, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023: Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units, exercise of stock options and employee stock plan purchases, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units, exercise of stock options and employee stock plan purchases, net of shares withheld for taxes Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units, exercise of stock options and employee stock plan purchases, net of shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 DZS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Loss from discontinued operations (net of income tax (benefit)) Loss on sale of discontinued operations Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of long-lived assets Loss on extinguishment of debt Bargain purchase gain ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Stock-based compensation Provision for inventory write-down, net of recoveries ) Provision for credit losses, net of recoveries Provision for sales returns, net of recoveries ) Provision for warranty expense, net of recoveries ) Unrealized loss on foreign currency transactions Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment Changes in operating assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisition: Accounts receivable Other receivable ) Inventories ) Contract assets ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Contract liabilities ) ) Accrued and other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations ) ) Net cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment and other assets Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities from continuing operations ) Sale of discontinued operations, net of cash transferred ) Net cash used in investing activities from discontinued operations ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from private placement of shares Intra-group loan from discontinued operations Proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings ) Repayments of short-term borrowings and line of credit, net ) Payments for debt issue costs ) ) Payments of contingent consideration ) Proceeds from exercise of stock awards and employee stock plan purchases, net of taxes ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations Net cash provided by financing activities from discontinued operations Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash to statement of financial position Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash held for sale 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Continuing Operations: Interest - bank and trade facilities Income taxes Discontinued Operations: Interest - bank and trade facilities Interest - related party Income taxes 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (1) 
 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Cloud Software Services Total 
 Europe, Middle East, Africa Asia, Australia, New Zealand Total 
 (f) 
 Charged to expense, net of recoveries Foreign currency exchange impact ) Balance at end of period 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, no customers accounted for more than 10 of net revenue. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, two customers accounted for more than 10 of net revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, no customers accounted for more than 10 of net revenue. 
 As of September 30, 2024, no customer represented more than 10 of net accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2023, one customer represented of net accounts receivable. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net accounts receivables from customers in countries other than the United States represented and , respectively. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

(h) 
 (i) 
 
 (j) 
 
 Unless specifically noted otherwise, footnote disclosures reflect the results of continuing operations only. The results of discontinued operations are presented in Note 2 Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations. 
 (k) 
 10 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 million cash, net of certain adjustments, and the elimination of approximately million in debt and interest owed to DNI as of the transaction date. DNI also assumed all DNS Korea's debt obligations to foreign banks outstanding as of the transaction date. The Asia Sale closed on April 5, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, DNI owns approximately of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock. 
 The disposition of the operations represented a major strategic shift in the business and met the criteria of discontinued operations. The Company has classified the assets and liabilities of the Asia business as held for sale as of December 31, 2023. 
 Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Operating loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Other income, net Loss from discontinued operations before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Loss on sale of discontinued operations Net loss from discontinued operations ) ) ) 
 For each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, net revenue and cost of revenue from discontinued operations included million and million of related party transactions with DNI, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, net revenue and cost of revenue from discontinued operations each included million related party transactions with DNI. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net revenue and cost of revenue from discontinued operations included million and million of related party transactions with DNI, respectively. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable - trade, net of allowance for credit losses Other receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets of discontinued operations Property, plant and equipment, net Right-of-use assets from operating leases Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets of discontinued operations Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable - trade Short-term debt bank, trade facilities and secured borrowings Contract liabilities Operating lease liabilities Accrued and other liabilities Total current liabilities of discontinued operations Long-term debt Contract liabilities - non-current Operating lease liabilities - non-current Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities of discontinued operations 
 As of December 31, 2023, the held for sale liabilities included a total of million of the related party borrowings from DNI. The respective borrowings were settled in conjunction with the Asia Sale. 
 Agreements with divested entities 
 In connection with the completion of the Asia Sale on April 5, 2024, the Company entered into several agreements with certain divested entities (collectively referred to as "DNS") that, among other things, provide a framework for the Company s relationship with these entities after the Asia Sale. The following summarizes some of the most significant agreements and relationships that the Company continues to have with DNS. 
 Transition Services Agreement 
 The Company entered into a transition services agreement pursuant to which the Company and DNS provide various services to each other. The services provided include human resources, information technology, certain accounting, tax and other financial functions. The transition services agreement will terminate on the expiration of the term of the last service provided under it, which the Company anticipates to be on or around April 5, 2025. 
 Master Engineering Services Agreement 
 The Company and DNS entered into a master engineering services agreement pursuant to which DNS will provide engineering, research and development and other professional services to the Company. The agreement provides for a minimum annual purchase commitment of million. The term of the agreement is and may be renewed for an additional month term, upon mutual agreement of both parties. After the expiration of a period of , either party shall have the right to terminate this agreement at any time upon days prior written notice to the other party. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 and will renew automatically for successive periods unless terminated in writing by both parties. 
 Intellectual Property License Agreement 
 The Company and DNS entered into an intellectual property matters agreement pursuant to which each party granted to the other party a generally irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, and royalty-free license to use certain intellectual property rights retained by the other party. Under the intellectual property matters agreement, the term for the licensed or sublicensed know-how is perpetual and the term for each licensed or sublicensed patent is until expiration of the last valid claim of such patent. The intellectual property matters agreement will terminate only if the Company and DNS agree in writing to terminate it. 
 Reseller Agreement 
 The Company and DNS entered into reseller agreements pursuant to which each party can use the other party assistance with identified business opportunities in the specific regions. The party acting as a Reseller will be eligible for certain revenue sharing. The term of the agreement is and may be renewed for an additional month term, upon mutual agreement of both parties. 
 Master Services Agreement 
 The Company and DNS entered into master service agreements pursuant to which each party can use the other party to provide services, parts and licensed software to support customers in the specific regions. The party acting as the vendor will be eligible for payment for such services. The term of the agreement is and will be automatically renewed for an additional -month term, unless the other party provides notice of non-renewal days prior to renewal. 
 Transactions with divested entities 
 The Company incurred million and million engineering, research and development and other professional expenses related to the Transition Services Agreement and Master Engineering Services Agreement with DNS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. These expense are allocated between research and product development and selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses on the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. 
 The Company provided various services to DNS in conjunction with the Transition Services Agreement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a cross charge of million and million related to such services reducing its research and product development and selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses on the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. 
 The Company also enters in inventory purchase arrangements with DNS as part of its operating activity. 
 million accounts payable and million other receivables, net of allowance for credit losses. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 (3) 
 million in cash in addition to contingent consideration, determined based on the revenues from existing, agreed-upon customers during the year ended December 31, 2024. The contingent consideration in this arrangement includes future cash payments of varying amounts based on the 2024 revenue thresholds achieved, starting at million, with a maximum payout of million. This contingent consideration was determined to be liability-classified, as it is settled solely in cash, and the fair value of the contingent consideration as of the Closing Date, approximately million, was determined using the income approach, specifically a Monte-Carlo simulation, a Level 3 fair value approach due to the lack of relevant market activity and significant management judgment, which used the following significant assumptions: projected financial information, volatility ), discount rate ), risk-free rate ), and cost of debt ). The Company will be required to remeasure this liability to fair value quarterly with any changes in the fair value recorded in income until the final payment is made. 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805, Business Combinations, with the Company identified as the acquirer. In accordance with the acquisition method of accounting, the purchase price has been assigned to the assets acquired, and the liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair value at the acquisition date. In connection with the acquisition, the Company incurred acquisition-related costs of million, which were expensed in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Contingent consideration Total Consideration Assets acquired and liabilities assumed Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets: Trade name Developed technology In-process research and development Customer relationships Bargain purchase gain ) Right-of-use assets from operating leases Total assets Accrued liabilities Due to seller Deferred revenue Lease liability Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Total net assets 
 The fair value of certain working capital items, including accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, and the other non-current liability approximates their respective carrying values at the date of the acquisition. Pursuant to the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement with Casa Communications, certain working capital items remain with Casa Communications, and any amounts collected or paid as a result of these items are to be remitted or collected from Casa Communications in the post-combination period. As a result, a due to seller has been recognized in the consolidated balance sheet as of June 6, 2024 with the net expected amount to be repaid to Casa Communications as a result of this arrangement. 
 The Company has adopted ASU 2021-08, Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers, which created an exception to the recognition and measurement principles of ASC 805, Business Combinations, for the Company s contract assets and liabilities, including deferred revenue, resulting in the carryover of the historical amounts determined in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, rather than fair value. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 to ), income tax rate ), and discount rate (ranging from to ). The acquired trade name will be amortized over a period. The acquired developed technology and IPR D will be amortized over periods ranging from one to and five to , respectively. 
 The fair value of the customer relationships was determined using the income approach, specifically the multi-period excess earnings approach, which includes the following Level 3 assumptions: revenue attribution, margin rates (ranging between to ), contributory asset charges ), income tax rates ), and discount rates ). The acquired customer relationships will be amortized over a period. 
 At acquisition, the Company recognized a provisional bargain purchase gain of approximately million, which was separately recorded in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. The bargain purchase gain represents the amount by which the fair value of the net assets acquired in the acquisition exceeds the fair value of the purchase consideration. The Company determined the bargain purchase gain is appropriate as the sellers were in financial distress and the NetComm business was acquired out of bankruptcy. 
 Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information 
 Included in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024, are revenue and net loss of NetComm of million and million, respectively. Included in the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, are revenue and net loss of NetComm of million and million, respectively, from June 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024. 
 Net loss ) ) 
 
 (4) 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Initial fair value of contingent liability Cash payments ) Net change in fair value ) Balance at end of period 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 

(5) 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash held within the U.S. are held at FDIC insured depository institutions. Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash held outside the U.S. totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Restricted cash consisted primarily of cash collateral for letters of credit. 
 
 (6) 
 Finished goods Total inventories 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost being computed based on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 million and an inventory write-down recovery of million for the three and nine period ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The Company recorded a provision for inventory write-down of million and million for the three and nine period ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Leasehold improvements Computers and software Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress and other Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense associated with property, plant and equipment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. Depreciation expense associated with property, plant and equipment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 Warranties 
 The Company accrues warranty costs based on historical trends for the expected material and labor costs to provide warranty services. The Company's standard warranty period is from the date of shipment with the ability for customers to purchase an extended warranty of up to from the date of shipment. 
 Assumed with business acquisition Charged to cost of revenue ) Claims and settlements ) Foreign currency exchange impact ) ) Balance at end of period 
 Contract Balances 
 The Company records contract assets when it has a right to consideration and records accounts receivable when it has an unconditional right to consideration. Contract liabilities consist of cash payments received (or unconditional rights to receive cash) in advance of fulfilling performance obligations. The majority of the Company's performance obligations in its contracts with customers relate to contracts with duration of less than one year. 
 September 30, 2024 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. This revenue consists of services provided to customers who had been invoiced prior to the current period. We expect to recognize approximately of outstanding contract liabilities as revenue over the next months and the remainder thereafter. 
 The balance of contract cost deferred as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million in amortization related to contract cost deferred as of December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million in amortization related to contract cost deferred as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (7) 
 ) Customer backlog ) Developed technology ) In-process research and development ) Tradenames ) Total intangible assets, net ) 
 December 31, 2023 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Customer relationships ) Customer backlog ) Developed technology ) In-process research and development ) Tradenames ) Total intangible assets, net ) 
 Amortization expense associated with intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. Amortization expense associated with intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 million as of the end of each period presented. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 (8) 
 term loan in an aggregate principal amount equal to million. The principal amount of the loan is payable on December 29, 2026 and bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum; provided, however, that in connection with the EdgeCo Second Loan Agreement, the maturity date of the EdgeCo Loan Agreement was extended to May 31, 2027. 
 The EdgeCo Loan Agreement contains various covenants that limit the ability of the Company (and in certain cases, certain of its subsidiaries) to, among other things, enter into any merger or consolidation, incur indebtedness, incur liens, make dividends or stock repurchases, and acquire any businesses (other than a similar business to that of the Company). 
 The EdgeCo Loan Agreement contains events of default that are customary for loans of this type. If an event of default occurs under the Loan Agreement, EdgeCo will be entitled to accelerate and call the unpaid principal balance of the Loan and all accrued interest and to take various actions against the collateral, including by exercising its right to acquire or sell the collateral to satisfy any obligations under the outstanding indebtedness. 
 The EdgeCo Loan Agreement also (i) includes preemptive rights that allow EdgeCo to exercise a right of first refusal in the event the Company decides to seek additional debt financing of up to million for additional operating capital or to offer for sale additional unregistered shares of its common stock, par value per share, before December 31, 2026 and (ii) in connection with the Warrant Agreement (as defined below), provides EdgeCo with the right to designate a member of the Company s Board of Directors, in each case subject to certain limitations and exceptions. In particular, EdgeCo s designation right will terminate upon (x) the payment in full of the loan obligations and (y) its ownership of the Company s Common Stock being less than of the total outstanding Common Stock. 
 In connection with the EdgeCo Loan Agreement, the Company also entered into (i) a Warrant Agreement (the Warrant Agreement ), dated as of December 29, 2023, by and between the Company and EdgeCo that issued a warrant to EdgeCo to subscribe for shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, which represents the closing price of the Common Stock on NASDAQ on the trading day immediately preceding the date of the Warrant Agreement, and (ii) a Registration Rights Agreement (the EdgeCo Registration Rights Agreement ), dated as of December 29, 2023, by and between the Company and EdgeCo that provides EdgeCo customary demand and piggyback registration rights for the shares of Common Stock underlying the warrant, in the event the warrant is exercised. The warrant was not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and was issued pursuant to the private placement exemption from registration thereunder provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company determined the fair value of the warrant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The million value of the warrant was recognized in stockholders equity, as the warrant satisfied all criteria for equity classification under ASC 815. The warrant is not remeasured each reporting period. The amount allocated to the warrant was accounted for as a debt discount and recorded as a reduction of debt obligation. 
 On May 31, 2024, the Company, as borrower, entered into a Loan Agreement (the EdgeCo Second Loan Agreement with EdgeCo, LLC, as lender. Pursuant to the EdgeCo Second Loan Agreement, the Company received a term loan in an aggregate principal amount equal to million. The principal amount of the Loan is payable on May 31, 2027 and bears interest at a fixed rate of per annum. 
 The EdgeCo Second Loan Agreement contains various covenants that limit the ability of the Company (and in certain cases, certain of its subsidiaries) to, among other things, enter into any merger or consolidation, incur indebtedness, incur liens, make dividends or stock repurchases, and acquire any businesses (other than a similar business to that of the Company). 
 The EdgeCo Second Loan Agreement contains events of default that are customary for loans of this type. If an event of default occurs under the Loan Agreement, EdgeCo will be entitled to accelerate and call the unpaid principal balance of the Loan and all accrued interest and to take various actions against the collateral, including by exercising its right to acquire or sell the collateral to satisfy any obligations under the outstanding indebtedness. 
 The EdgeCo Second Loan Agreement also includes preemptive rights that allow EdgeCo to exercise a right of first refusal in the event the Company decides to seek additional debt financing of up to million for additional operating capital or to offer for sale additional unregistered shares of its common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ), before December 31, 2028. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, which represents of the closing price of the Common Stock on NASDAQ on April 18, 2024, and (ii) an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the EdgeCo A R Registration Rights Agreement ), dated as of May 31, 2024, by and between the Company and EdgeCo that provides EdgeCo customary demand and piggyback registration rights for, in the aggregate, the shares of Common Stock underlying that certain Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2023, by and between the Company and EdgeCo, and the Warrant Agreement, in the event the warrants are exercised. The warrants were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and were issued pursuant to the private placement exemption from registration thereunder provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company determined the fair value of the warrant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The million value of the warrant was recognized in stockholders equity, as the warrant satisfied all criteria for equity classification under ASC 815. The warrant is not remeasured each reporting period. The amount allocated to the warrant was accounted for as a debt discount and recorded as a reduction of debt obligation. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the Company's debt obligation under the EdgeCo Loan Agreements was million net of unamortized debt discount and deferred issuance cost of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the Company's debt obligation under the EdgeCo Loan Agreement was million net of unamortized debt discount and deferred issuance cost of million and million, respectively. 
 JPMorgan Credit Agreement 
 On February 9, 2022, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement by and between the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. The Credit Agreement originally provided for revolving loans (the "Revolving Credit Facility") in an aggregate principal amount of up to million, up to million of which is available for letters of credit, and was scheduled to mature on February 9, 2024. The maximum amount that the Company can borrow under the Credit Agreement is subject to a borrowing base, which is based on a percentage of eligible accounts receivable and eligible inventory, subject to reserves and other adjustments, plus million. 
 On May 27, 2022, the Company entered into a First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Amendment ), which amends the Credit Agreement dated February 9, 2022 with the Company, as borrower, certain subsidiaries of the Company, as guarantors, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 The Amendment, among other things, (1) provides for a term loan (the Term Loan in an aggregate principal amount of million with a maturity date of May 27, 2027, (2) extends the maturity date of the million Revolving Credit Facility to May 27, 2025, (3) permits the ASSIA Acquisition, (4) modifies the applicable margin for borrowings under the Credit Agreement to be, at the Company s option, either (i) the adjusted term SOFR rate plus a margin ranging from to per year or (ii) the prime rate plus a margin ranging from to per year, in each case depending on the Company s leverage ratio, (5) modifies the letter of credit fee such that it ranges from to , depending on the Company s leverage ratio, (6) modifies the commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility to range from to per year, depending on the Company s leverage ratio, (7) modifies the method of calculating the leverage ratio, and (8) modifies the financial covenants to (i) increase the maximum permitted leverage ratio to to 1.00 through September 30, 2022, to 1.00 thereafter through September 30, 2023, and to 1.00 thereafter and (ii) replace the minimum liquidity requirement with a minimum permitted fixed charge coverage ratio of to 1.00. 
 On May 27, 2022, the Company borrowed the full amount of the Term Loan to finance the ASSIA Acquisition. 
 On February 15, 2023, the Company entered into a Second Amendment to Credit Agreement (the "Second Amendment"), which amends the Credit Agreement dated February 9, 2022 (as previously amended on May 27, 2022). The Second Amendment, among other things, (1) modifies the financial covenants to (i) suspend the maximum leverage ratio requirement of to 1.00 until the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2023 and (ii) suspend the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio requirement of to 1.00 until the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2023, (2) adds new financial covenants to require (i) minimum liquidity of million for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023, million for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, and million at any time until September 30, 2023, and (ii) minimum EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Facility) of million) for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023 and for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023, (3) increases the applicable margin for adjusted term SOFR borrowings and prime rate borrowings to and , respectively, when the Company s leverage ratio exceeds to 1.00, (4) increases the commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving commitment to per year when the Company s leverage ratio exceeds to 1.00, and (5) prohibits dividends and other distributions and tightens certain covenants. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million) for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023, (2) decreases the calculation of the borrowing base by million through June 30, 2023 and an additional million thereafter, (3) reduces the amount of the Revolving Credit Facility commitment to million effective June 15, 2023, and (4) increases the applicable margin for adjusted term SOFR borrowings and prime rate borrowings to and , respectively, when the Company s leverage ratio exceeds to 1.00. 

(9) 
 million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded an expense of million and million. respectively. 
 The Company maintains a defined contribution plan for its employees in Australia. Under the superannuation system, the Company contributes the compulsory percentage of an employee's gross salary into the plan. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an expense for the plan of million and million, respectively. 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 The Company sponsors defined benefit plans for its employees in Germany. Defined benefit plans provide pension benefits based on compensation and years of service. The Germany plans were frozen as of September 30, 2003 and have not been offered to new employees after that date. The Company has recorded the underfunded status as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 as a long-term liability on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The accumulated benefit obligation for the plan in Germany was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Periodic benefit costs for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 The Company holds pension insurance contracts, with the Company as beneficiary, in the amount of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to individuals under the pension plans. The Company records these insurance contracts based on their cash surrender value at the balance sheet dates. These insurance contracts are classified as other assets on the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. The Company intends to use any proceeds from these policies to fund the pension plans. However, since the Company is the beneficiary on these policies, these assets have not been designated pension plan assets. 
 
 (10) 
 million of Fabrinet restructuring related costs, consisting of facility and labor costs of million and other costs of million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company record ed million of Fabrinet restructuring related costs, consisting of freight costs of million, facility and labor costs of million, accelerated depreciation of manufacturing related assets of million, inventory write-off of million, and other costs of million. The above expenses were included in restructuring and other charges on the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, of expedite fees and other elevated inventory related costs, which directly related to the Fabrinet transition. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company also recorded an inventory obsolescence reserve of million associated with the inventory transition to Fabrinet. These costs were included in cost of revenue on the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company also incurred certain maintenance costs related to impaired facilities and non-capitalizable implementation costs related to replacement of the Company s legacy enterprise resource planning and reporting software. The Company included such costs in restructuring and other charges on the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred restructuring related costs of million and million, respectively. These costs primarily related to Fabrinet transition and certain maintenance and other costs associated with impaired facilities. The Company included such costs in restructuring and other charges on the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss). 
 million and million, respectively, of expedite fees and other elevated inventory related costs, which directly related to the Fabrinet transition. These costs were included in cost of revenue on the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. 
 
 (11)) ) ) ) Loss from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes and loss on sale of discontinued operations ) ) ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding: Basic Dilutive effect of equity based awards and warrants Diluted Net loss per share - basic Continuing operations ) ) ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) ) Net loss per share - diluted Continuing operations ) ) ) ) Discontinued operations ) ) ) 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Unvested restricted stock units Outstanding Warrants 
 
 (12) 
 million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized lease expense of million and million, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total operating lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 (13) 
 million in damages. The parties have completed briefing on dispositive motions, and trial is currently set in April 2025. DZS intends to vigorously defend this lawsuit. 
 Class Action and Related Proceedings 
 In June and August of 2023, DZS shareholders filed three putative securities class actions related to DZS s June 1, 2023 Form 8-K announcing the Company s intention to restate its financial statements for the first quarter of 2023. Each suit was filed in the Eastern District of Texas. All three cases allege violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act against DZS, its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer. The cases are: (1) Shim v. DZS et al., filed June 14, 2023; (2) Link v. DZS et al., filed June 27, 2023; and (3) Cody v. DZS et al., filed August 9, 2023. 
 Three potential lead plaintiffs filed applications for appointment on August 14, 2023. On September 12, 2023, the cases were consolidated under the lead case Shim v. DZS et al. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages, interest, fees, costs and interest. As of November 4, 2024, the court has not yet ruled on the appointment of a lead plaintiff and the Defendants have not yet responded to any complaint. DZS intends to vigorously defend these lawsuits. 
 In light of the events giving rise to the restatement, DZS began cooperating, and intends to continue to cooperate, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), which has informed DZS that it is investigating potential violations of the federal securities laws related to DZS. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

(14) 
 million on pre-tax loss of million. Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately million on pre-tax loss of million. Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was approximately million and on pre-tax loss of million. Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was approximately million on pre-tax loss of million, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2023, the income tax rate varied from the United States statutory income tax rate primarily due to valuation allowances in North America, and EMEA, mandatory R D expense capitalization in the U.S., and foreign and state income tax rate differentials. Consistent with the prior periods, the Company continued to maintain valuation allowances in North America and EMEA 
 As of September 30, 2024, t he total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, was million, for which we recorded uncertain tax liability of million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 . The uncertain tax liability was included in accrued and other liabilities o n the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. The unrecognized tax benefit and the related uncertain tax liability recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024 is related to a tax audit of our Germany subsidiary's income tax returns for periods preceding the Company's acquisition of Keymile GmbH. The share purchase agreement between the Company and the Seller included an indemnification provision for any losses that result from the tax uncertainty. Accordingly, the Company recorded an indemnification asset of million, which was included into prepaid expenses and other current assets on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 (15) 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Australia Germany Other 

(16) 
 million (the Network Assurance Business Purchase Price ). On October 25, 2024, the Company consummated the sale of the Network Assurance Business and received million of the Purchase Price. The million balance of the Network Assurance Business Purchase Price will be paid twelve months following the Closing. In conjunction with the sale of the Network Assurance Business, the Company has entered into an agreement (the EdgeCo Letter 1 with EdgeCo, whereby (i) at the Closing EdgeCo received million of the Network Assurance Business Purchaser Price as pre-payments of the EdgeCo Loans, (ii) the Company assigned to EdgeCo all of its rights to the Guaranteed Payment, subject to the EdgeCo Loans being outstanding, and (iii) the Company agreed to continue to pay interest on the EdgeCo Loans, including the principal balance pre-paid in connection with the sale of the Network Assurance Business, until the prepayment penalty under the EdgeCo Loans has been paid in full. 
 On November 7, 2024, NetComm Wireless Pty Ltd., subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Business Sale Agreement (the Business Sale Agreement with Lantronix, Inc., a Delaware corporation Lantronix ). Pursuant to the Business Sale Agreement, the Company has agreed to sell, and Lantronix has agreed to buy, the Company s industrial internet of things business (the IIoT Business ), for a cash purchase price of million, less an amount equal to of employee entitlements due to transferring employees (the IIoT Business Purchase Price ). At the closing of the Company s sale of the IIoT Business, the Company will receive the IIoT Business Purchase Price. The Closing under the Business Sale Agreement is subject to the satisfaction and/or waiver of certain conditions precedent, including obtain counterparty consents to certain key commercial contracts. In conjunction with the proposed sale of the IIoT Business, the Company has entered into an agreement (the EdgeCo Letter 2 with EdgeCo whereby (i) at the Closing EdgeCo will receive of the IIoT Business Purchaser Price as pre-payments of the EdgeCo Loans, and (ii) the Company agreed to continue to pay interest on the EdgeCo Loans, including the principal balance pre-paid in connection with the sale of the IIoT Business, until the prepayment penalty under the EdgeCo Loans has been paid in full. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context suggests otherwise, the terms DZS, the Company we, our and us refer to DZS Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate, and reflect the beliefs and assumptions of our management as of the date hereof. 
 We use words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, intend, may, plan, project, seek, should, target, will, would, variations of such words, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, statements that refer to projections of earnings, revenue, costs or other financial items in future periods; anticipated growth and trends in our business, industry or key markets; cost synergies, growth opportunities and other potential financial and operating benefits of our acquisitions; future growth and revenues from our products; our plans and our ability to refinance or repay our existing indebtedness prior to the applicable maturity dates; our ability to access capital to fund our future operations; future economic conditions and performance; the impact of the global outbreak of COVID-19, also known as the coronavirus; the impact of inflation, interest rate and foreign currency fluctuations; anticipated performance of products or services; competition; plans, objectives and strategies for future operations, including our pursuit or strategic acquisitions and our continued investment in research and development; other characterizations of future events or circumstances; and all other statements that are not statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be attained. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are being made as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects or which could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as factors described from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are a developer of Networking and Connectivity systems and Cloud Edge software solutions enabling broadband everywhere. We provide a wide array of reliable, cost-effective access and optical networking technologies and cloud software to a diverse customer base. 
 We research, develop, test, sell, manufacture and support platforms in the areas of fixed and wireless broadband access and optical and mobile transport, as discussed below. We have extensive regional development and support centers around the world to support our customer needs. 
 Our solutions and platforms portfolio includes products for Network Edge (Access and Optical), Connectivity, and Cloud Software solutions. 
 Network Edge (Access). Our DZS Velocity portfolio offers a variety of solutions for carriers and service providers to connect residential and enterprise customers, either using high-speed fiber or leveraging their existing deployed copper networks to offer broadband services to customer premises. Once our broadband access products are deployed, the service provider can offer voice, high-definition and ultra-high-definition video, highspeed internet access and business class services to their customers. In addition, the switching and routing products we provide in this space offer a high-performance and manageable solution that bridges the gap from carrier access technologies to the core network. DZS system-on-a-card technology increases the velocity with which service providers can leap to multi-gigabit services at scale by enabling rapid transition from Gigabit Ethernet Passive Optical Network GPON to 10 Gigabit Symmetrical Passive Optical Network XGS-PON and 50 Gigabit Passive Optical Network 50G PON in the future, and Gigabit Ethernet to 10 Gigabit Ethernet via any service port across a range of existing DZS Velocity chassis and 10 gigabit optimized stackable fixed form factor units. A wide variety of DZS Optical Line Terminal (OLT) chassis and line cards are certified compliant with the Build America Buy America requirements of the U.S. Broadband Equity, Access and Deployment Program. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Network Edge (Optical). Our DZS Saber portfolio provides robust, manageable and scalable solutions for mobile operators and service providers that enable them to modularly upgrade their edge transport to 400 gigabit per second (400 Gbps) speed as well as provide mobile fronthaul/midhaul/backhaul xHaul systems capable of supporting the transport needs for fifth generation wireless technologies 5G and beyond. Our Saber solutions are 5G-ready xHaul and coherent optical capable and are open, software-defined, and field proven. Our mobile xHaul and edge transport products may be collocated at the radio access node base station and can aggregate multiple radio access node base stations into a single backhaul for delivery of mobile traffic to the radio access node network controller or be leveraged as transport vehicles for FTTx deployments. Our products support pure Ethernet switching as well as layer 3 IP and Multiprotocol Label Switching MPLS ), and we interoperate with other vendors in these networks. The Saber portfolio also provides high bandwidth optical transport and services, enabling service providers to push high bandwidth transport closer to their subscribers near the edge of their networks. Complementary to the growth of high bandwidth technologies like XGS-PON and 5G mobile at the access edge, Saber products leverage environmentally hardened dense wavelength-division multiplexing (DWDM) coherent optics to deliver transport bandwidth speeds from 100 Gbps to 400 Gbps over long distances that can be necessary to support advanced access and mobile technologies. Some DZS Saber platforms also provide additional feature such as multi-degree colorless directionless contentionless (CDC) FlexGrid reconfigurable optical add-drop multiplexer (ROADM) functionality, which allows service providers to easily adjust to changing network traffic demands. 
 Connectivity . Our DZS Helix connected premises product portfolio, our Aurus fixed wireless access (FWA) products, our fiber extension portfolio, and our industrial internet of things (IIoT) products offer a large collection of solutions at or near the customer premises to enable and facilitate broadband connectivity via Wi-Fi, 4G/5G and Gfast technologies. 
 DZS Helix optical network terminals ONTs and smart gateway solutions offer an array of connectivity solutions for any fiber to the x FTTx deployment. DZS ONTs and Smart Gateway platforms are designed for high bandwidth services being deployed to the home or business. Our connected premises portfolio consists of indoor/outdoor ONTs and gateways delivering best-in-class data and WiFi throughout the premises to support FTTx applications. The product feature set gives service providers an elegant migration path from legacy to soft switch architectures without replacing ONTs. 
 Aurus FWA products allow service providers to deliver broadband services to customers beyond the economical reach of fiber with powerful, standards-based solutions cost-effectively. These innovative 4G and 5G FWA products deliver network efficiency, quality of service, and a cost-efficient deployment. Our extensive indoor and outdoor FWA product portfolio is designed to address different market requirements and a multitude of use cases. DZS installation methodology provides operators advanced installation tools to ensure installation is carried out quickly and efficiently. State-of-the-art installation tools deliver precision installation and lower total cost of ownership, reducing overall installation time on-site and eliminating errors. 
 Our fiber extension portfolio provides ultra-fast broadband, utilizing Gfast technology to deliver fiber-like speeds to multi-unit dwellings (MDUs) and residential homes over the last-hop copper infrastructure already in place; a cost-efficient alternative to a full-fiber deployment. This portfolio consists of reverse-powered Distribution Point Unit (DPUs), that are linked to the existing copper line, and powered by an in-home Network Termination Device (NTD). DZS fiber extension solutions offer advanced remote management, proven interoperability with major OLT brands, extremely flexible installation supporting a wide temperature range and waterproof outdoor housing, and field-proven easy installation. 
 Our IIoT products offer ultra-fast Ethernet-to-Cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity to machines located in harsh environments for enterprises and government entities. These solutions provide 4G/5G connectivity, ultra reliability and low latency, dynamic 5G slicing and remote management of IIoT devices using industry-standard protocols. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Cloud Software. Our DZS Cloud Software platform provides software capabilities specifically in the areas of network orchestration, application slicing, and automation. Via our DZS Xtreme solutions we offer a commercial, carrier-grade network-slicing enabled orchestration platform complementing our position with physical network devices supporting Open RAN O-RAN and 4G/5G networks. Communications service providers are implementing software defined networking SDN and network functions virtualization NFV architectures to reduce reliance on proprietary systems and hardware, which increase service agility, flexibility, and deployment of new network services while lowering costs. Our Expresse software solution provides a clear view of multi-vendor, multi-technology access networks for both network and service assurance while monitoring, identifying, diagnosing, and fixing network problems via an AI based recommendation engine. CloudCheck software is an advanced WiFi experience management and analytics solution that enables communications service providers to monitor, manage and optimize home WiFi networks. Expresse and CloudCheck software is part of the Company's Network Assurance and WiFi Management software portfolio, which was divested on October 25, 2024. 
 Our key financial objectives include the following: 
 Increasing revenue while continuing to carefully control costs; 
 Continuing investments in strategic research and product development activities that will provide the maximum potential return on investment; 
 Minimizing consumption of our cash and cash equivalents; and 
 Improving gross margin through a wide range of initiatives, including an increase in the mix of recurring software revenue and reducing fixed costs by outsourcing manufacturing. 
 
 RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 On January 5, 2024, the Company and DZS California Inc. DZS California ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock Purchase Agreement with DASAN Networks, Inc. DNI ). Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, DZS California sold to DNI all of the equity interests in DASAN Network Solutions, Inc., a Korean company DNS Korea ), D-Mobile Limited, a Chinese company, DZS Vietnam Company Limited, a Vietnamese company, Dasan India Private Limited, an Indian company, and DZS Japan, Inc., a Japanese company (the Asia Sale ). The purchase price for the divestiture consisted of 3.8 million cash, net of certain adjustments, and the elimination of approximately 34.3 million in debt owed to DNI as of the transaction date. DNI also assumed all DNS Korea's debt obligations to foreign banks outstanding as of the transaction date. The Asia Sale closed on April 5, 2024. 
 On May 3, 2024, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement (the Share Purchase Agreement with Casa Communications Holdings Pty Ltd, a private limited company registered in New South Wales, Australia (the Seller ). Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding share capital of NetComm Wireless Pty Ltd, a private limited company registered in New South Wales, Australia NetComm for a purchase price of approximately 8.1 million paid in cash. The purchase price also included a contingent consideration component based on the satisfaction of certain revenue thresholds for the period from January 1, 2024, to December 31, 2024. The maximum contingent consideration payable from the Company to the Seller is 3.0 million. The acquisition closed on June 1, 2024. 
 On May 31, 2024, the Company, as borrower, entered into a Loan Agreement (the EdgeCo Second Loan Agreement with EdgeCo, LLC, as lender. Pursuant to the EdgeCo Second Loan Agreement, the Company received a three-year term loan in an aggregate principal amount equal to 15.0 million. The principal amount of the Loan is payable on May 31, 2027, and bears interest at a fixed rate of 13.0 per annum. In connection with the EdgeCo Second Loan Agreement, (i) the Company extended the maturity date of the amounts owed under the EdgeCo Loan Agreement to May 31, 2027 and (ii) the Company also entered into a Warrant Agreement (the Second Warrant Agreement ), dated as of May 31, 2024, by and between the Company and EdgeCo, that issued a warrant to EdgeCo to subscribe for 6,100,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.9095 per share. The loan was primarily used to finance the acquisition of NetComm and provide working capital to NetComm. 
 On August 8, 2024, trading of our common stock on Nasdaq was suspended and subsequently removed from listing effective October 25, 2024. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 On October 16, 2024, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with AXON Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation ("AXON Networks"). Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to sell, and AXON Networks agreed to buy, the Company s Network Assurance and WiFi Management software portfolio (the Network Assurance Business ), for a cash purchase price of 34.0 million (the Network Assurance Business Purchase Price ). On October 25, 2024, the Company consummated the sale of the Network Assurance Business and received 30.0 million of the Purchase Price. The 4.0 million balance of the Network Assurance Business Purchase Price will be paid twelve months following the Closing. In conjunction with the sale of the Network Assurance Business, the Company has entered into an agreement (the EdgeCo Letter 1 with EdgeCo, whereby (i) at the Closing EdgeCo received 15.0 million of the Network Assurance Business Purchaser Price as pre-payments of the EdgeCo Loans, (ii) the Company assigned to EdgeCo all of its rights to the Guaranteed Payment, subject to the EdgeCo Loans being outstanding, and (iii) the Company agreed to continue to pay interest on the EdgeCo Loans, including the principal balance pre-paid in connection with the sale of the Network Assurance Business, until the prepayment penalty under the EdgeCo Loans has been paid in full. 
 On November 7, 2024, NetComm Wireless Pty Ltd., subsidiary of the Company, entered into a Business Sale Agreement (the Business Sale Agreement with Lantronix, Inc., a Delaware corporation Lantronix ). Pursuant to the Business Sale Agreement, the Company has agreed to sell, and Lantronix has agreed to buy, the Company s industrial internet of things business (the IIoT Business ), for a cash purchase price of 6.5 million, less an amount equal to 70 of employee entitlements due to transferring employees (the IIoT Business Purchase Price ). At the closing of the Company s sale of the IIoT Business, the Company will receive the IIoT Business Purchase Price. The Closing under the Business Sale Agreement is subject to the satisfaction and/or waiver of certain conditions precedent, including obtain counterparty consents to certain key commercial contracts. In conjunction with the proposed sale of the IIoT Business, the Company has entered into an agreement (the EdgeCo Letter 2 with EdgeCo whereby (i) at the Closing EdgeCo will receive 50 of the IIoT Business Purchaser Price as pre-payments of the EdgeCo Loans, and (ii) the Company agreed to continue to pay interest on the EdgeCo Loans, including the principal balance pre-paid in connection with the sale of the IIoT Business, until the prepayment penalty under the EdgeCo Loans has been paid in full. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The tables below presents the historical consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) as a percentage of revenues and period-over-period changes (dollars in thousands). 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 of net revenue 2023 of net revenue Increase (Decrease) Net revenue 38,149 100 22,737 100 67.8 Cost of revenue 26,924 71 23,774 105 13.2 Gross profit (loss) 11,225 29 (1,037) (5) (1182.4) Operating expenses: Research and product development 10,656 28 8,327 37 28.0 Selling, marketing, general and administrative 20,386 53 19,562 86 4.2 Restructuring and other charges 266 1 135 97.0 Amortization of intangible assets 1,919 5 1,321 6 45.3 Total operating expenses 33,227 87 29,345 129 13.2 Operating loss (22,002) (58) (30,382) (134) (27.6) Interest expense, net (2,175) (6) (751) (3) 189.6 Loss on extinguishment of debt (375) (2) (100.0) Other income (expense), net 82 1 (103) (179.6) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (24,095) (63) (31,611) (139) (23.8) Income tax provision (benefit) 1,551 4 (2,226) (10) (169.7) Net loss from continuing operations (25,646) (67) (29,385) (129) (12.7) Net loss from discontinued operations (4,628) (20) (100.0) Net loss (25,646) (67) (34,013) (150) (24.6) 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2024 of net revenue 2023 of net revenue Increase (Decrease) Net revenue 96,882 100 97,727 100 (0.9) Cost of revenue 62,605 65 71,579 73 (12.5) Gross profit 34,277 35 26,148 27 31.1 Operating expenses: Research and product development 25,114 26 27,802 28 (9.7) Selling, marketing, general and administrative 54,414 56 57,945 59 (6.1) Restructuring and other charges 510 1 4,881 5 (89.6) Impairment of long-lived assets 499 1 (100.0) Amortization of intangible assets 4,299 4 3,913 4 9.9 Total operating expenses 84,337 87 95,040 97 (11.3) Operating loss (50,060) (52) (68,892) (70) (27.3) Interest expense, net (4,793) (5) (2,259) (2) 112.2 Loss on extinguishment of debt (375) (1) (100.0) Bargain purchase gain 41,544 43 100.0 Other income (expense), net (472) 232 (303.4) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (13,781) (14) (71,294) (73) (80.7) Income tax provision 2,327 2 730 1 218.8 Net loss from continuing operations (16,108) (17) (72,024) (74) (77.6) Loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax (3,319) (3) (10,643) (11) (68.8) Loss on sale of discontinued operations (2,803) (3) 100.0 Net loss from discontinued operations (6,122) (6) (10,643) (11) (42.5) Net loss (22,230) (23) (82,667) (85) (73.1) 
 Net Revenue 
 The following table presents our revenues by product technology (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Access Networking Infrastructure 29,144 14,693 98.4 72,988 70,649 3.3 Cloud Software Services 9,005 8,044 11.9 23,894 27,078 (11.8) Total 38,149 22,737 67.8 96,882 97,727 (0.9) 
 Our revenue from sales of access networking infrastructure products includes Network Edge and Connectivity product solutions. Our cloud software and services revenue represents revenue from our Cloud Software solutions including DZS Xtreme, Expresse and CloudCheck software, and revenue from maintenance and other professional services associated with product shipments. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, access networking infrastructure revenue increased by 98.4 or 14.5 million to 29.1 million from 14.7 million in the same period last year. The increase was primarily attributable to the NetComm Acquisition, which contributed 12.9 million to the net revenue for the period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, access networking infrastructure revenue increased by 3.3 or 2.3 million to 73.0 million from 70.6 million in the same period last year. The increase was primarily attributable to the NetComm Acquisition, which contributed 17.1 million to the net revenue for the period. The increase in cloud software and services revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the increased product and software sales. The decrease in cloud software and services revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to the decreased software sales. 
 The following table presents our revenues by geographical concentration (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) 2024 2023 Increase (Decrease) Americas 16,944 11,081 52.9 44,353 51,147 (13.3) Europe, Middle East, Africa 15,001 11,155 34.5 42,148 44,116 (4.5) Asia, Australia, New Zealand 6,204 501 1138.3 10,381 2,464 321.3 Total 38,149 22,737 67.8 96,882 97,727 (0.9) 
 Our geographic diversification reflects the combination of market demand, a strategic focus on capturing market share through new customer wins and new product introductions. 
 The increase in net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to increased revenue in Americas, Australia and New Zealand driven by the NetComm Acquisition. The decrease in net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to lower spending levels from our major customers in EMEA and Americas. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, no customers accounted for more than 10 of net revenue. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, two customers accounted for more than 10 of net revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, no customers accounted for more than 10 of net revenue. 
 We anticipate that our results of operations in any given period may depend to a significant extent on sales to a small number of large customers. As a result, our revenue for any quarter may be subject to significant volatility based upon changes in orders from one or a small number of key customers. 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
 Total cost of revenue increased by 13.2 to 26.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 23.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the increase in sales volume driven by the NetComm Acquisition partially offset by the decrease driven by the completion of the Fabrinet transition. Total cost of revenue was 70.6 of net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 104.6 of net revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which resulted in an increase in gross profit percentage to 29.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from negative 4.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Total cost of revenue decreased by 12.5 to 62.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 71.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by the completion of the Fabrinet transition. Total cost of revenue was 64.6 of net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 73.2 of net revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which resulted in an increase in gross profit percentage to 35.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 26.8 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The gross profit percentage increase was primarily due to the completion of the Fabrinet transition. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred expedite fees and other elevated inventory related costs, which directly related to the Fabrinet transition. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company also recorded an inventory obsolescence reserve associated with the inventory transition to Fabrinet. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Product Development Expenses: Research and product development expenses include personnel costs, outside contractor and consulting services, depreciation on lab equipment, costs of prototypes and overhead allocations. 
 Research and product development expenses increased by 28.0 to 10.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 8.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to the NetComm Acquisition. 
 Research and product development expenses decreased by 9.7 to 25.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 27.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to certain cost saving initiatives started by the Company in the third quarter of 2023 partially offset by the increase driven by the NetComm Acquisition. 
 We intend to continue to invest in research and product development to attain our strategic product development objectives, while seeking to manage the associated costs through expense controls. 
 Selling, Marketing, General and Administrative Expenses: Selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses include personnel costs for sales, marketing, administration, finance, information technology, human resources and general management as well as legal and accounting expenses, rent, utilities, trade show expenses and related travel costs. 
 Selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses increased by 4.2 to 20.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 19.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily attributable to the NetComm Acquisition. 
 Selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased by 6.1 to 54.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 57.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to certain cost saving initiatives started by the Company in the third quarter of 2023 partially offset by the increase driven by the NetComm Acquisition. 
 Restructuring and Other Charges: Restructuring and other charges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 primarily related to the strategic decision to outsource manufacturing from the Company's Seminole, Florida facility to Fabrinet. Restructuring and other charges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased since the transition to Fabrinet was substantially completed in 2023. See Note 10 Restructuring and Other Charges of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, for further information. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets: During the second quarter of 2023, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 0.5 million for the right-of use assets from operating leases in connection with vacating a part of its office space in Plano, Texas, following the reduction in administrative personnel. No impairment changes were recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Interest Expense, net: Interest expense, net relates mainly to earnings from our cash and cash equivalents, interest expense associated with the debt arrangements and amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs associated with obtaining such debt arrangements. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 2.2 million and 4.8 million of interest expense, net, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded 0.8 million and 2.3 million of interest expense, net, respectively. 
 Bargain purchase gain: In conjunction with NetComm Acquisition, the Company recognized a bargain purchase gain of approximately 41.5 million, which represents the amount by which the fair value of the net assets acquired in the acquisition exceeds the fair value of the purchase consideration. See Note 3 Business Combinations of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, for further information. 
 Other Income (Expense), net: Other income (expense) relates mainly to realized and unrealized foreign currency exchange gains and losses. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 0.1 million of other income, net and 0.5 million of other expense, net, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded 0.1 million of other expense, net, and 0.2 million of other income, net, respectively. The change in other income (expense), net was primarily due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates during the above periods. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Provision: Income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 1.6 million on pre-tax loss of 24.1 million. Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was approximately 2.3 million on pre-tax loss of 13.8 million. Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was approximately 2.2 million and on pre-tax loss of 31.6 million. Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was approximately 0.7 million on pre-tax loss of 71.3 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, the income tax rate varied from the United States statutory income tax rate primarily due to valuation allowances in North America, and EMEA, mandatory R D expense capitalization in the U.S., and foreign and state income tax rate differentials. Consistent with the prior periods, the Company continued to maintain valuation allowances in North America and EMEA 
 Net loss from discontinued operations: Net loss from discontinued operations decreased by 42.5 to 6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 10.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the timing of the Asia Sale. See Note 2 Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, for further information. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 For a complete description of what we believe to be the critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, refer to Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to our Audited Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as supplemented by Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our operations are financed through a combination of our existing cash, cash equivalents, available credit facilities, and issuance of equity or debt instruments, based on our operating requirements and market conditions. 
 The following table summarizes the information regarding our cash and cash equivalents and working capital (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Unrestricted cash and cash equivalents 4,297 13,822 Working capital 24,143 30,557 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 24.1 million of working capital and 4.3 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, which included 2.6 million in cash balances held by our international subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, the Company's contractual debt obligation under the EdgeCo Loan Agreements was 30.0 million. On Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, the Company s debt obligation is included in Long-Term debt net of unamortized debt discount and deferred issuance cost of 12.9 million and 0.7 million, respectively. 
 We continue to focus on cost management, operating efficiency and efficient discretionary spending. Management is actively taking measures to enhance profitability and liquidity, including reducing the Company s cost structure and cash outflows, including its investment in inventory, and managing receivable balances through aggressive collection efforts and tighter customer payment terms. These plans are not completely within the Company s control, as some actions are dependent on the Company s lenders, vendors and customers. However, management believes that such plans are reasonably achievable and the Company will sufficiently meet its liquidity needs. 
 In addition, if necessary, we may sell assets, issue debt or equity securities, rationalize the number of products we sell, adjust our manufacturing footprint, and reduce our operations in low margin regions, including reductions in headcount. Based on our current forecast, plans and current business conditions, the Company believes its existing cash, together with the working capital balances, will be sufficient to fund the Company s ongoing liquidity requirements, including operating expenses and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months from the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents a summary of our cash flow activity for the periods set forth below (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations (28,064) (33,699) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities from continuing operations (7,692) 865 Net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations 23,907 4,921 Net cash used in discontinued operations (1,909) (6,313) Sale of discontinued operations, net of cash transferred (35) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (1,380) 914 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (15,173) (33,312) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 20,909 38,464 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 5,736 5,152 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities from continuing operations decreased by 5.6 million to 28.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from net cash used in operating activities of 33.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cash used in operating activities was primarily due to change in net working capital and certain cost saving initiatives started by the Company in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 7.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and consisted primarily of cash used in the NetComm Acquisition and purchases of property and equipment. This is in comparison to net cash provided by investing activities of 0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which consisted primarily of cash received from the sale of manufacturing equipment as part of transition to Fabrinet partially offset by cash used in purchases of property and equipment. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities totaled 23.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and consisted primarily of net proceeds from the private placement of shares and the Second EdgeCo Loan. This is in comparison to net cash provided by financing activities of 4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which consisted primarily of borrowing from discontinued operations partially offset by the repayment of the JPM Term Loan. 
 Discontinued operations 
 Net cash used in discontinued operations decreased by 4.4 million to 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from net cash used in discontinued operations of 6.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cash used in discontinued operations was primarily due to the timing of the Asia Sale. See Note 2 Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, for further information. 
 Cash Management 
 Our primary source of liquidity comes from our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, which totaled 5.7 million at September 30, 2024. Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as of September 30, 2024 included 2.7 million held by our international subsidiaries. 
 Debt Facilities 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's contractual debt obligation under the EdgeCo Loan Agreements was 30.0 million. On Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, the Company s debt obligation is included in Long-Term debt net of unamortized debt discount and deferred issuance cost of 12.9 million and 0.7 million, respectively. Refer to Note 8 Debt, in the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, for more detail about our current and past debt obligations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Future Cash Requirements and Funding Sources 
 Our fixed commitments for cash expenditures consist primarily of payments under operating leases, inventory purchase commitments, and payments of principal and interest for debt obligations. 
 From time to time, we may provide or commit to extend credit or credit support to our customers. This financing may include extending the terms for product payments to customers. Any extension of financing to our customers will limit the capital that we have available for other uses. 
 Our accounts receivable represent a concentration of credit risk because a significant portion of the accounts receivable balance at any point in time typically consists of a relatively small number of customer account balances. As of September 30, 2024, no customer represented more than 10 of net accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2023, one customer represented 10 of net accounts receivable. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net accounts receivables from customers in countries other than the United States represented 85 and 74 , respectively. We do not currently have any material commitments for capital expenditures, or any other material commitments aside from operating leases for our facilities, inventory purchase commitments and debt obligations. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA) requires capitalization of all research and development ("R D") costs incurred in tax years beginning after Dec. 31, 2021 for tax reporting purposes. Capitalized R D costs will be deductible over five years if the R D activities are performed in the U.S. or 15 years if the activities are performed outside of the U.S. Due to the Company's significant annual investment in R D, the impact of this legislation will accelerate the utilization of the Company's net operating loss carryforwards and the timing of when the Company becomes a tax paying entity in the U.S. 
 Operating Leases 
 Future minimum operating lease obligations include primarily payments for our office locations and manufacturing, research and development locations, which expire at various dates through 2032. See Note 12 Leases of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our operating leases. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 We may have short-term purchase commitments related to the purchase orders for products and services, within the normal course of business. In certain instances, we are permitted to cancel, reschedule or adjust these orders. 
 Debt obligations 
 Future debt obligations include scheduled principal repayments, and associated interest payments which may vary based on changes in market interest rates. See Note 8 Debt to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our debt obligations. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Not required. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the objective that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Our disclosure controls and procedures include those components of our internal control over financial reporting intended to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financials in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. In the course of the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024, due to the existence of unremediated material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 A material weakness (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Notwithstanding the existence of the material weaknesses described below, management believes that the condensed consolidated financial statements and related financial information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP"). 
 Based on the assessment, management determined that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2024, as a result of material weaknesses in the following areas: 
 Control Environment, Risk Assessment, Monitoring Activities, Information and Communication of Policies and Procedures 
 We did not maintain appropriately designed entity-level controls impacting the control environment and effective monitoring controls to prevent or detect material misstatements to the consolidated financial statements. These deficiencies were attributed to (i) inadequate oversight and accountability over the performance of control activities primarily in the Asia geographic region, (ii) ineffective identification and assessment of risks to properly design, implement, and maintain relevant controls for revenue recognition, (iii) inadequate education and training in certain areas important to financial reporting, and (iv) ineffective controls over ensuring consistent commitment to integrity and ethical values. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Control Activities Related to Certain Business Processes 
 These material weaknesses contributed to the following additional material weaknesses related to the control activities within certain business processes: 
 Asia Region - We did not operate effective controls across substantially all of the Asia region s business processes that were in place to achieve timely, complete, and accurate financial accounting, reporting, and disclosures. 
 Revenue Recognition - We did not appropriately design, implement and maintain effective controls over the revenue recognition process, relating to the proper application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The root cause of these control gaps was the inadequate or ineffective process level controls (including but not limited to controls around capturing and managing changes to customer order terms in the company s records, timely processing of customer product returns, oversight of 3rd party business partners, and evaluating non-standard customer shipping terms, and ensuring consistent commitment to integrity and ethical values in documenting and recording revenue arrangements. 
 Information Produced by the Entity We did not have effective controls over the adequate testing of reports used in the operation of controls. 
 Income Tax Controls - We did not operate effective controls surrounding deferred tax assets and liabilities and timeliness of performance of controls. 
 Information Technology General Controls We did not operate effective information technology general controls ITGC s in the areas of user access, segregation of duties, and data processing related to certain information technology systems. 
 Delivery Terms - In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered a significant sales agreement with an existing customer which was subject to unique delivery terms. In reviewing the accounting for the revenue transaction, our management identified a deficiency in the effectiveness of a control intended to properly document and review relevant facts in connection with revenue recognition related to such transaction. Accordingly, a material error was detected in recorded revenue in our 2022 preliminary consolidated financial statements as a result of this misapplication of U.S. GAAP. 
 Remediation Plan and Status for Reported Material Weaknesses 
 We have been working and are currently working to remediate the material weaknesses described above, including assessing the need for additional remediation steps and implementing additional measures to remediate the underlying causes that gave rise to the material weaknesses. The Company is committed to a strong internal control environment as well as integrity and ethical values to ensure that a proper, consistent tone is communicated throughout the organization, including the expectation that previously existing deficiencies will be remediated through implementation of processes and controls to ensure strict compliance with GAAP and 2013 COSO framework. 
 As part of our commitment to strengthening our internal control over financial reporting, we have initiated or completed various personnel actions and remedial actions under the oversight of the Audit Committee, including: 
 Initiated review and plan to enhance processes and controls around the IT environment and the use of key IT applications, including the storage, maintenance, the accessibility of transactional documentation, and the creation of key commercial documents within the Company s Oracle system. 
 Initiated review and plan to enhance processes and controls around internal control documentation and document retention. 
 Review and design/improve the corporate compliance program', including: 
 Initiated a plan to Conduct an updated corporate risk assessment. 
 Completed a review, assessment, and update of the corporate code of conduct. 
 Issued statement from CEO on commitment to compliance and ethics and assess methods to regularly demonstrate effective tone at the top to foster culture of compliance 
 Plan to provide training to individuals who provide certifications or representations in connection with the company s financial reporting on the meaning of the representations included therein. 
 Plan to develop and provide training throughout the organization on revenue recognition principles relating to the Company s business, including specific training on issues discovered in the review. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Assessed, enhanced, and promoted the use of the whistleblower hotline, including making the hotline available to external parties 
 Initiated an assessment and plan to enhance controls for corporate oversight of third-party manufacturers.. 
 Initiated a review and plan to assess the sufficiency of internal audit resources. 
 Completed a review of all incentive and bonus compensation. 
 To address certain control activities related to material weakness in Revenue Recognition : 
 Initiated a review and plan to improve internal controls and processes related to capturing and managing changes to transaction terms, including required documentation and approvals. 
 Plan to evaluate the adequacy of internal controls related to warehousing provided in connection with product sales. 
 Initiated a review and plan to improve internal controls and processes for customer refusal of delivery or indication of intent to return an order, including timely notification to designated accounting personnel. 
 Plan to assess and enhance process for use of freight forwarders to address specific risks. 
 Plan to assess and enhance corporate oversight of regional finance and accounting personnel. 
 Plan to assess the adequacy of staffing in the accounting function. 
 Plan to assess and enhance the contract review process to address financial reporting risk, including those related to inconsistencies in terms between the contract and transaction documents and non-standard transaction terms. 
 In addition to the remedial actions planned and undertaken under the oversight of the Audit Committee, we are in the process of, and continue to focus on, strengthening our internal controls over financial reporting to remediate the material weaknesses. Management s additional initiated and completed remediation efforts for each identified material weakness include the following: 
 Asia Region 
 On April 5, 2024, the Company consummated the sale of its Asia operations to Korea-based DASAN Networks Inc. (DNI) and therefore, no longer needs to maintain internal controls over financial reporting for operations in the Asia region. 
 Revenue Recognition and Delivery Terms 
 Subsequent to the discovery of the revenue recognition material weakness, we initiated or completed the following remedial actions starting in the third quarter of 2023: 
 Initiated the design and implementation of enhanced internal controls surrounding identification, review and analysis of key transaction terms including documentation and approvals affecting revenue recognition for product sales orders to ensure that transactions are recorded in accordance with Company s policies and GAAP. 
 Initiated an evaluation of the adequacy and efficacy of controls related to warehousing provided in connection with product sales. 
 Initiated an evaluation of the adequacy and efficacy of controls and processes for customer refusal of delivery or indication of intent to return an order, including timely notification to designated accounting personnel. 
 We have enhanced our quarterly contract review process by implementing a quarterly certification program to ensure timely communication of modification of transaction terms by sales and operations personnel to identify inconsistencies between the contract and transaction documents and non-standard transaction terms. 
 We implemented participation in revenue recognition training programs by Company personnel. 
 Information Produced by the Entity 
 Completed a review of controls over reports as part of the Company s Q1 2023 implementation of Oracle Cloud. 
 Initiated a plan to enhance documentation retention policies around report parameters 
 Initiated a review of all reports used in controls in order to fully identify the control owners and provide training on appropriate control performance and documentation. 
 Income Tax Controls 
 Initiated our review of remedial actions to be taken to address the lack of sufficient and accurate support used in the preparation of the tax provision. 
 Initiated our review of remedial actions to be taken to address the lack of timeliness in the performance of existing controls over the preparation of the tax provision. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. Additional remediation measures may be required, which may require additional implementation time. We will continue to assess the effectiveness of our remediation efforts in connection with our evaluations of internal control over financial reporting. 
 We can give no assurance that the measures we take will remediate the material weaknesses that we identified or that any additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future. We will continue to monitor the effectiveness of these and other processes, procedures and controls and will make any further changes management determines appropriate. 
 
 Remediation of Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Divestiture of Asia Region 
 As disclosed in Form 8-K dated April 5, 2024, the Company has completed the divestiture of the Asia region business. As a result of the divestiture, aspects of the material weaknesses described above attributable to the Asia region business relating to the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2023, and the quarter ended March 31, 2024, no longer impacted the Company subsequent to April 6, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 Plume 
 On October 10, 2022, Plume Design, Inc. Plume filed suit against DZS in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware, alleging that DZS breached a reseller contract with Plume and seeking 24.75 million in damages. The parties have completed briefing on dispositive motions, and trial is currently set in April 2025. DZS intends to vigorously defend this lawsuit. 
 Class Action and Related Proceedings 
 In June and August of 2023, DZS shareholders filed three putative securities class actions related to DZS s June 1, 2023 Form 8-K announcing the Company s intention to restate its financial statements for the first quarter of 2023. Each suit was filed in the Eastern District of Texas. All three cases allege violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act against DZS, its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer. The cases are: (1) Shim v. DZS et al., filed June 14, 2023; (2) Link v. DZS et al., filed June 27, 2023; and (3) Cody v. DZS et al., filed August 9, 2023. 
 Three potential lead plaintiffs filed applications for appointment on August 14, 2023. On September 12, 2023, the cases were consolidated under the lead case Shim v. DZS et al. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages, interest, fees, costs and interest. As of November 4, 2024, the court has not yet ruled on the appointment of a lead plaintiff and the Defendants have not yet responded to any complaint. DZS intends to vigorously defend these lawsuits. 
 In light of the events giving rise to the restatement, DZS began cooperating, and intends to continue to cooperate, with the SEC, which has informed DZS that it is investigating potential violations of the federal securities laws related to DZS. 
 On June 3, 2024, counsel for a shareholder of the Company sent the Company a demand for certain books and records related to events related to the Company s June 1, 2023 Form 8-K. The demand was made pursuant to Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. While the Company does not concede the demand is proper, it has produced certain records to the shareholder. On October 15, 2024, the shareholder filed a purported derivative complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. The complaint asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets, unjust enrichment, aiding and abetting and violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act. The named defendants are Charles Vogt, Matt Bross, Joon Kyung Kim, Barbara Carbone, Choon Yul Yoo, David Schopp, Min Woo Nam, and Misty Kawecki. The Company is also named as a nominal defendant. The suit seeks relief including a determination that the suit is a proper derivative action, an award of unspecified damages, judgment directing that the company take remedial action, fees, and costs. The case is Mody v. Vogt et al. 
 In addition to the matters discussed above and the Notice discussed in Note 16 of the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, from time to time, the Company is subject to various legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, the Company records an accrual for legal contingencies that it has determined to be probable to the extent that the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. If an unfavorable ruling were to occur, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on the results of operations and cash flows of the reporting period in which the ruling occurs, or future periods. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 A list of factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or operating results is described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in the 2023 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes to our risk factors from those disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in the 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 The exhibits required to be filed with this quarterly report on Form 10-Q are listed in the Exhibit Index attached hereto and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of DASAN Zhone Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 27, 2017). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of DZS Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 27, 2020). 
 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of DZS Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 DZS INC. Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Charles Daniel Vogt Name: Charles Daniel Vogt Title: President and Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Brian Chesnut Name: Brian Chesnut Title: Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 dzsi-20240930x10qxexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 I, Charles Daniel Vogt, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DZS Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s CHARLES DANIEL VOGT Charles Daniel Vogt President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 dzsi-20240930x10qxexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 I, Brian Chesnut, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of DZS Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s BRIAN CHESNUT Brian Chesnut Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 dzsi-20240930x10qxexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Charles Daniel Vogt, President and Chief Executive Officer of DZS Inc. (the Company and Brian Chesnut, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certify that, to their knowledge 
 1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 s CHARLES DANIEL VOGT Charles Daniel Vogt President and Chief Executive Officer s BRIAN CHESNUT Brian Chesnut Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 dzsi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 dzsi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 dzsi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 dzsi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 dzsi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

