<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1420800_0001420800-24-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7628479</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127168</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1343800</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2765893</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1674100</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1557038</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001420800-24-000028.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106161242
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001420800-24-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240927
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enovis CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001420800
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				541887631
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34045
		FILM NUMBER:		241431071

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2711 CENTERVILLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19808
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(302) 252-9160

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2711 CENTERVILLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19808

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Colfax CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001420800-24-000028.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 cfx-20240927.htm
 10-Q

cfx-20240927 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024 , there we re shares of the registrant s common stock, par value .001 per share, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 7 
 Note 1. General 7 
 Note 2. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 7 
 Note 3. Acquisitions and Investments 
 7 
 Note 4. Revenue 
 10 
 Note 5. Net Loss Per Share from Continuing Operations 
 11 
 Note 6. Income Taxes 
 12 
 Note 7. Equity 
 13 
 Note 8. Inventories, Net 
 14 
 Note 9. Debt 
 14 
 Note 10. Accrued Liabilities 
 16 
 Note 11. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 
 16 
 Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies 
 19 
 Note 13. Segment Information 
 20 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 22 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 38 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 40 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 41 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 41 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 41 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 42 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 42 
 Item 5. Other Information 42 
 Item 6. Exhibits 43 
 SIGNATURES 43 

1 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expense Research and development expense Amortization of acquired intangibles Restructuring and other charges Operating loss ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Net loss from continuing operations ) ) ) ) Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes Net loss ) ) ) ) Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest from continuing operations - net of taxes Net loss attributable to Enovis Corporation ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) per share - basic and diluted Continuing operations Discontinued operations Consolidated operations 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 2 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Dollars in thousands 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation ) Unrealized gain (loss) on hedging activities, net of tax expense (benefit) of ), , ) and ) 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive loss: Amortization of pension net actuarial gain (loss), net of tax expense (benefit) of ), ), ), and ) 
 ) ) ) ) Reclassification of hedging gain (loss), net of tax expense (benefit) of ), , ), and 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Less: comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Enovis Corporation ) ) ) ) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 3 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 Dollars in thousands, except share amounts 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 September 27, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Trade receivables, less allowance for credit losses of and 
 Inventories, net Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Lease asset - right of use Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current portion Non-current lease liability Other liabilities Total liabilities Equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Enovis Corporation equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 Dollars in thousands, except share amounts 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax of 
 ) ) ) Payments of tax withholding for stock-based awards ) ) Common stock-based award activity Balance at March 29, 2024 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax of ) 
 ) ) ) Common stock-based award activity Balance at June 28, 2024 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax of ) 
 Common stock issued for acquisition Common stock-based award activity Balance at September 27, 2024 ) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Noncontrolling Interest Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax of 
 Common stock-based award activity Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax of ) 
 Common stock-based award activity Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax of 
 ) ) ) Common stock-based award activity Balance at September 29, 2023 ) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Dollars in thousands 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment of assets Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash interest expense Fair value gain on contingent acquisition shares ) Loss on currency hedges Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables, net ) ) Inventories, net ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Other operating assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangibles ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Payments for acquisitions, net of cash received, and investments ) ) Payment for settlement of derivatives ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings on term credit facility Repayments of borrowings under term credit facility ) ) Proceeds from borrowings on revolving credit facilities and other Repayments of borrowings on revolving credit facilities and other ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Payments of tax withholding for stock-based awards ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Deferred consideration payments and other ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of foreign exchange rates on Cash and cash equivalents ) Increase (decrease) in Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosures - Non-cash investing activities: Fair value of contingently issuable shares in business acquisition 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 operating segments, Prevention Recovery P R and Reconstructive Recon ). The P R segment provides orthopedic and recovery science solutions, including devices, software, and services across the patient care continuum from injury prevention to rehabilitation after surgery, injury, or from degenerative disease. The Recon segment provides surgical implant solutions, offering a comprehensive suite of reconstructive joint products for the hip, knee, shoulder, elbow, foot, ankle, and finger and surgical productivity tools. 
 
 The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included herein should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related footnotes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K ), filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024. 

During the three months ended September 27, 2024, due to a decrease in the share price of our common stock and market capitalization, the Company identified a possible impairment indicator as of September 27, 2024 and determined it was appropriate to perform interim quantitative assessments of Goodwill for the Reconstructive and Prevention Recovery reporting units. Based on these assessments, no impairment was identified. 

2. 

3. 
 
 million (the Lima Acquisition ), consisting of (i) approximately million in cash consideration, which includes the repayment at closing of certain indebtedness of Lima and (ii) shares of common stock of Enovis, par value per share (the Contingent Acquisition Shares ), based upon a million value divided by the volume weighted average price of Enovis common stock as of the close of business on September 21, 2023. The Contingent Acquisition Shares are issuable in equal tranches within six and of the acquisition date upon non-occurrence of certain future events, in each case subject to certain adjustments and conditions as provided for in the purchase agreement. The first tranche of Contingent Acquisition Shares was issued to the seller on July 16, 2024. The Company currently expects the second tranche of Contingent Acquisition Shares to be issued in the first quarter of 2025. The cash paid for acquisition was million, net of acquired cash. The fair value of the Contingent Acquisition Shares at closing was million based on the Enovis share price at the close of business on January 3, 2024. The Contingent Acquisition Shares liability, recorded in Accrued liabilities, is adjusted to fair value each reporting period with the adjustment reflected in Other income (expense), net in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 7 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

employees across more than locations around the world. The Lima Acquisition extends the Company s current footprint to emerging and growing markets, expands its product lines, and strengthens its global innovation platform. The value included as Goodwill for the Lima acquisition is reflective of these expected benefits in conjunction with anticipated synergies as the Company uses its integration experience effectively to drive further operating improvement, margin expansion, and long-term growth. Enovis uses its experience and EGX business management system, a comprehensive set of tools and repeatable, teachable processes, to integrate acquisitions and create superior value for its customers, shareholders and associates. 
 
 The Company incurred million of advisory, legal, audit, valuation and other professional service fees in connection with the Lima Acquisition in the first quarter of 2024, which are included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 The Lima Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting and accordingly, the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the financial position and results of operations from the date of acquisition. 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations attributable to Enovis ) ) ) ) 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s provisional estimate of the aggregate fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition. These amounts, including inventories, deferred taxes, intangible assets, useful lives of the intangible assets, and property, plant and equipment, are determined based upon certain valuations and studies that have yet to be finalized. 
 Inventories Property, plant and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Accounts payable ) Accrued liabilities ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) Total fair value of consideration, net of acquired cash Less: fair value of Contingent Acquisition Shares ) Acquisition consideration paid, net of acquired cash 

8 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

Customer Relationships Acquired technology Total Intangible Assets 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations included million and million, of net sales and million and million of net loss, respectively, associated with the acquired Lima legal entities. 
 
 2023 Acquisitions 
 
 On June 28, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Novastep SAS Novastep in its Recon segment. Novastep is a leading player in Minimally Invasive Surgery (MIS) foot and ankle solutions with a best-in-class MIS bunion system serving a rapidly growing portion of the global bunion segment. The acquisition is accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the Consolidated Financial Statements include the financial position and results of operations from the acquisition date. The Company paid million for the acquisition, net of cash received. The Company allocated million to goodwill and million to intangible assets acquired. The purchase accounting related to the Novastep acquisition has been completed. The acquired goodwill value is primarily driven by the expected synergies from cross-selling Novastep products to existing Enovis foot ankle customers. The acquisition broadens our reconstructive product offerings for the foot and ankle market and expands our customer base in Europe. 
 
 On July 20, 2023, the Company completed an asset acquisition transaction with D.N.E., LLC DNE in its Recon segment. DNE is a developer of a broad line of external fixation products, including circular frames, pin-to-bar frames, and mini-fixators for use in foot and ankle surgeries. The acquisition of these assets, primarily the developed technology will allow Enovis to expand its robust product portfolio for the Foot Ankle business unit. The Company paid million for the asset acquisition and assigned million to intangible assets, million to finished goods inventory and million to property, plant and equipment. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the financial position and results of operations from the acquisition date. 
 
 On October 5, 2023, the Company acquired a interest in Precision AI Pty Ltd Precision AI ), a developer of surgical planning software. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition. The acquisition complements the Company s current product offerings in its Recon segment with advanced planning software for shoulder surgery and opportunity to expand to additional anatomies. On the acquisition date, the Company paid million, net of cash received and agreed to make contingent payments of approximately million upon the successful completion of three milestones. The milestones are based on FDA approvals and user validation testing of the software. 
 
 In December 2023, the first milestone was achieved and the Company paid million to the seller. In August 2024, the second milestone was achieved and the Company paid million to the seller. The third milestone completion date was extended into the first quarter of 2025. As of September 27, 2024, the total intangible asset recorded for this acquisition is million. The remaining contingent amount is held in escrow by Enovis as restricted cash and presented in Other current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company has control over these funds and is required to authorize the transfer upon completion of the milestones. The potential additional contingent payments are not recorded until the milestones are achieved. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the assets acquired and results of operations from the acquisition date. 
 
 9 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

Restricted cash 
 Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Investments 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, the balance of investments held by the Company without readily determinable fair values was million. The majority of these investments are carried at cost less impairments, if any, plus adjustments for fair value indicators from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. There have been impairments or upward adjustments in the current year or since acquisition of these investments. investment is accounted for under the equity method of accounting and is recorded at the initial investment amount, adjusted each period for the Company s share of the income or loss. 

4. 

U.S. Other P R International P R Total Prevention Recovery Reconstructive: U.S. Recon International Recon Total Reconstructive Total 
 
 Given the nature of its businesses, the Company does not generally have unsatisfied performance obligations with an original contract duration of greater than one year. 
 
 The nature of the Company s contracts gives rise to certain types of variable consideration, including rebates, implicit price concessions, and other discounts. The Company includes estimated amounts of variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent that it is probable there will not be a significant reversal of revenue. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company s estimate of current expected credit losses on trade receivables considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. In calculating and applying its current expected 
 10 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

) 
 
 (1) Represents fair value adjustments related to acquisitions 

5. ) ) ) Weighted-average shares of Common stock outstanding basic 
 Net income (loss) per share from continuing operations basic 
 ) ) ) ) Computation of Net income (loss) per share from continuing operations - diluted: Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Enovis Corporation (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Weighted-average shares of Common stock outstanding basic 
 Net effect of potentially dilutive securities - stock options and restricted stock units Weighted-average shares of Common stock outstanding diluted 
 Net income (loss) per share from continuing operations diluted 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Net income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Enovis Corporation for the respective periods is calculated using Net income (loss) from continuing operations less the continuing operations component of the income attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of taxes. 
 
 The following weighted average computations of potentially dilutive shares of Common stock from stock-based compensation awards were excluded from the calculation of Weighted-average shares of Common stock outstanding diluted as inclusion would be anti-dilutive in Net income (loss) per share: 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Weighted average computation of potentially dilutive shares of Common stock excluded from diluted computation, as inclusion would be anti-dilutive 
 
 11 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

Contingent Acquisition Shares in equal tranches within six and from the completion of the Lima Acquisition upon the non-occurrence of certain future events, in each case subject to certain adjustments and conditions as provided for in the purchase agreement. The first tranche of Contingent Acquisition Shares was issued to the seller on July 16, 2024. The Company currently expects the second tranche of Contingent Acquisition Shares to be issued in the first quarter of 2025. The Contingent Acquisition Shares are only to be included in the weighted-average calculation of basic shares when there are no circumstances the shares would not be issued. The Contingent Acquisition Shares are only to be included in the weighted-average calculation of diluted shares when the conditions are satisfied. As such, the shares associated with the second tranche have been excluded from the calculation of basic and diluted weighted-average shares, respectively. 

6. ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Effective tax rate: 
 
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 27, 2024 was higher than the 2024 federal statutory rate of 21 , primarily due to tax credits for research and development, non-U.S. income taxed at lower rates, non-taxable fair value gain on the Contingent Acquisition Shares, and release of uncertain tax positions. This was partially offset by an increase in valuation allowance on interest limitation carryforwards, non-deductible expenses, and U.S. taxation on international operations. 
 
 The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 was lower than the 2024 federal statutory rate of 21 , primarily due to an increase in valuation allowance on interest limitation carryforwards, non-deductible expenses, and U.S. taxation on international operations. This was partially offset by tax credits for research and development, non-U.S. income taxed at lower rates, and non-taxable fair value gain on the Contingent Acquisition Shares. 
 
 The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023 was higher than the 2023 U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 , primarily due to non-U.S. income being taxed at lower rates, the release of a valuation allowance on non-U.S. attributes, tax credits for research and development, and release of uncertain tax positions. This was partially offset by other non-deductible expenses and the U.S. taxation on international operations. 
 12 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

million. The timing, amount and method of shares repurchased is determined by management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. There is no term associated with the remaining repurchase authorization. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 The following tables present the changes in the balances of each component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) including reclassifications out of Accumulated other comprehensive loss for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023. All amounts are presented net of tax and noncontrolling interest, if any. 
 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications: Foreign currency translation adjustment Loss on hedge activity ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Net Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at September 27, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Components Net Unrecognized Pension Benefit Cost 
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment Unrealized Loss on Hedging Activities Total (In thousands) Balance at January 1, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications: Foreign currency translation adjustment Loss on hedge activity ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 29, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 13 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

8. 
 
 Work in process Finished goods Less: Allowance for excess, slow-moving and obsolete inventory ) ) 

9. 
 
 Senior unsecured convertible notes Revolving credit facilities and other Total debt Less: current portion ) Long-term debt 
 
 Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On April 4, 2022, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the Enovis Credit Agreement ), consisting of a million revolving credit facility (the Revolver with an April 4, 2027 maturity date and an initial term loan in the aggregate principal amount of million (the 2022 Term Loan which was fully extinguished during the first quarter of 2023. The Revolver contains a million swing line loan sub-facility. Certain U.S. subsidiaries of the Company guarantee the obligations under the Enovis Credit Agreement. The agreement was amended on October 23, 2023, in conjunction with the financing of the Lima Acquisition as further discussed below. 
 
 The Enovis Credit Agreement, as amended, contains customary covenants limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur debt or liens, merge or consolidate with others, dispose of assets, make investments, or pay dividends. In addition, the Enovis Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring the Company to maintain (i) a maximum senior secured leverage ratio of not more than :1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024 and thereafter, and (ii) a minimum interest coverage ratio of :1:00. The Enovis Credit Agreement contains various events of default (including failure to comply with the covenants under the Enovis Credit Agreement and related agreements), and upon an event of default the lenders may, subject to various customary cure rights, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding under the Enovis Credit Agreement. As of September 27, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the covenants under the Enovis Credit Agreement. 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, the weighted-average interest rate of borrowings under the Enovis Credit Agreement was excluding accretion of deferred financing fees, and there was million available on the Revolver. 
 
 Financing for Lima Acquisitio n 
 
 On October 23, 2023 the Company entered into an amendment to the Enovis Credit Agreement (the Amendment ), which provided for a new term loan commitment in the aggregate amount of million. The term loan facility extended to the Company under the Amendment was funded on January 3, 2024, the date the Lima Acquisition was consummated. The term loan requires quarterly principal repayments at of the initial aggregate principal amount, which is million each quarter, and matures on April 4, 2027 (the 2024 Term Loan ). 
 14 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured convertible notes in a private placement pursuant to Rule 144A (the 2028 Notes ). The 2028 Notes have an interest rate of , payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning April 15, 2024 and will mature on October 15, 2028 unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted. The effective interest rate on the 2028 Notes is . For the nine months ended September 27, 2024, the interest expense on the 2028 Notes was million, including million based upon the coupon rate and million from accretion of the discount. 
 
 Holders may convert their 2028 Notes in multiples of 1,000 principal amount prior to the close of business April 15, 2028 under the following circumstances: (i) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on December 31, 2023 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of 2028 Notes, as determined following a request by a holder of 2028 Notes in accordance with the procedures described in the 2028 Note indenture, for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) if the Company calls any or all of the 2028 Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events as described in the indenture governing the 2028 Notes. 
 
 In addition, holders may convert their 2028 Notes, in multiples of 1,000 principal amount, at their option at any time beginning on or after April 15, 2028 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. The conversion rate is 17.1474 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2028 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of common stock), subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events as set forth in the indenture governing the 2028 Notes. Upon conversion, the Company will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes to be converted and pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at its election, in respect of the remainder. There has been no redemptions or conversions of the 2028 Notes. 
 
 On October 24, 2023, the Company also entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain of the initial purchasers of the 2028 Notes and paid million to the counterparties. The capped call transactions are intended generally to mitigate potential dilution to the Company s common stock upon conversion of any Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. If, however, the market price per share of common stock exceeds , the initial cap price of the capped call transactions, there would be a dilutive effect and/or no offset of any cash payments, in each case, attributable to the amount by which the market price of the common stock exceeds the cap price. The capped call payment was classified as equity since it meets the derivative scope exception included in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815 Derivatives and Hedging. 
 
 Other Indebtedness 
 
 In addition to the d ebt agreements discussed above, the Company is party to overdraft facilities with a borrowing capacity of million. Total letters of credit and surety bonds of million were outstanding as of September 27, 2024 . 
 
 Deferred Financing Fees 
 
 The Compa ny has million in deferred financing fees included in Other assets as of September 27, 2024. As of September 27, 2024, the Company has million of original issue discount fees and other issuance costs included as a reduction of Long-term debt related to the 2024 Term Loan and the 2028 Notes. 
 15 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

10. 
 
 Contingent consideration - current portion Accrued third-party commissions Lease liability - current portion Derivative liability - current portion Accrued taxes Accrued rebates Accrued professional fees Accrued interest Accrued freight Customer advances and billings in excess of costs incurred Accrued royalties Warranty liability Accrued restructuring liability Other 

Accrued Restructuring Liability 
 
 The Company s restructuring programs include a series of actions to reduce the structural costs of the Company. 
 ) Facility closure costs and other (2) 
 ) Total ) Non-cash charges (2) 
 Total Provisions (3) 

(1) Includes severance and other termination benefits, including outplacement services, primarily related to employees in the Recon segment following the Lima Acquisition. 
 (2) Includes the cost of relocating associates, relocating equipment, lease termination expense and other costs in connection with the closure and optimization of P R office sites, shared service centers, and our manufacturing sites in Tunisia and Tijuana. 
 million and million of the Company s total provisions were related to the P R and Recon segments, respectively. The non-cash charges was an impairment of assets associated with divesting a minor product line in P R. 

16 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

11. 
 
 billion and million as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The estimated fair value, a Level Two valuation in the fair value hierarchy, may not represent actual values of the financial instruments that could be realized as of the balance sheet date or that will be realized in the future. 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, the Company held million in Level Three liabilities arising from contingent consideration related to acquisitions that may settle in cash. The fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities is determined using unobservable inputs and the inputs vary based on the nature of the purchase agreements. These inputs can include the estimated amount and timing of projected cash flows, the risk-adjusted discount rate used to present value the projected cash flows, and the probability of the acquired company attaining certain targets stated within the purchase agreements. A change in these unobservable inputs to a different amount might result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement at the reporting date due to the nature of uncertainty inherent to the estimates. During the nine months ended September 27, 2024, the Company recorded a net million reduction in contingent consideration primarily due to million in settlements of revenue-based contingent consideration arrangements. 
 
 The gross range of outcomes for contingent consideration arrangements that have a fixed limit on the maximum payout is to million. There is contingent consideration arrangement remaining that has no limit and is based on a percentage of sales in excess of a benchmark over a -year period through 2027. 
 
 Additionally, in conjunction with the Lima Acquisition, the Company agreed to a contingent issuance of Contingent Acquisition Shares, as determined based upon a million value divided by the thirty-day volume weighted average price of Enovis common stock as of the close of business on September 21, 2023. The Contingent Acquisition Shares are expected to be issued in equal tranches within six and of the acquisition date upon the non-occurrence of certain future events, in each case subject to certain adjustments and conditions as provided for in the purchase agreement. The initial fair value of the Contingent Acquisition Shares at closing was million based on the Enovis share price at the close of business on January 3, 2024. The Contingent Acquisition Shares liability, recorded in Accrued liabilities, is adjusted to fair value each reporting period with the adjustments reflected in Other income (expense), net in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The adjustments were a loss of million and a gain of million for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, respectively. The fair value of the Contingent Acquisition Shares liability is Level One in the fair value hierarchy as it is determined using the quoted market prices. The first tranche of Contingent Acquisition Shares was issued to the seller on July 16, 2024. The Company currently expects the second tranche of Contingent Acquisition Shares to be issued in the first quarter of 2025. 
 
 There were no transfers in or out of Level One, Two or Three during the nine months ended September 27, 2024. 
 
 17 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

) ) Contingent Consideration - Level Three ) Total Contingent Consideration ) ) 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plans 
 
 The Company maintains deferred compensation plans for the benefit of certain employees and non-executive officers. As of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the fair value of these plans were million and million, respectively. These plans are deemed to be Level Two within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Forward Currency Contracts 
 
 The Company s objective in using forward currency contracts is to add stability to the Company s earnings and to protect the U.S. Dollar value of forecasted transactions. To accomplish this objective, the Company has entered into forward currency contract agreements between the U.S. Dollar and the Mexican Peso as part of its risk management strategy. These forward currency contract agreements are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. 
 
 The gain or loss on a derivative instrument designated as a cash flow hedge is recorded in Unrealized gain (loss) on hedging activities, net of tax within the Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) until the underlying third party transaction occurs. When the underlying third-party transaction occurs, the Company recognizes the gain or loss in earnings within Cost of Sales in its unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The contracts are recorded at fair value and deemed to be Level Two in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 At September 27, 2024, the Company s forward currency contracts have a Mexican Peso notional amount of approximately million and a U.S. Dollar aggregate notional amount of million. During the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, the Company recognized a realized loss of million and a realized gain of million, respectively on its Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations related to its forward currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges. At September 29, 2023, the Company s forward currency contracts have a Mexican Peso notional amount of approximately billion and a U.S. Dollar aggregate notional amount of million. During the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023, the Company recognized a realized gain of million on its Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations related to its forward currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 
 On April 18, 2023, the Company entered into cross-currency swap agreements to hedge its net investment in its Swiss Franc-denominated subsidiaries against adverse movements in exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and the Swiss Franc. These swap agreements were designated and qualified as net investment hedges. These contracts had a Swiss Franc notional amount of approximately million and a U.S. Dollar aggregate notional amount of million. In April 2024, the million cross-currency swap agreements designated as net investment hedges were de-designated and settled for million which is reflected as a cash outflow within investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The million gain on settlement is reported in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as part of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) as part of the foreign currency translation adjustment. 
 
 On April 8, 2024, April 12, 2024, and July 2, 2024, the Company entered into additional cross-currency swap agreements to hedge its net investment in its Swiss Franc-denominated subsidiaries against adverse movements in exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and the Swiss Franc. These swap agreements are designated and qualify as net investment hedges. These contracts have a Swiss Franc notional amount of approximately billion and a U.S. Dollar aggregate notional amount of billion as of September 27, 2024. 
 
 Cross-currency swaps involve the receipt of functional-currency fixed-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making foreign-currency fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreement. For derivatives designated as net 
 18 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

million and million which is included within Interest expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. ) ) Gain (loss) on forward currency contracts ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Non-Designated Hedging Instruments 
 
 The Company also used non-designated forward currency contracts for the purpose of managing its exposure to currency exchange rate risk related to the Euro-denominated purchase price of the Lima Acquisition which closed in January 2024. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company recorded a loss of million on its Consolidated Statements of Operations related to the exchange rate movements over the first three days of 2024. The loss is recorded in Other (income) expense, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. From inception of the forward contracts on October 4, 2023 through the closing of the Lima Acquisition on January 3, 2024, the foreign currency forward contracts settled in an overall realized gain position of million. 
 
 Cross-currency swaps Other current assets Non-Designated Hedging Instruments Forward currency contracts Other current assets Total Derivative Assets Derivative Liabilities Designated Hedging Instruments Forward currency contracts Accrued liabilities Cross-currency swaps Accrued liabilities Cross-currency swaps Other long-term liabilities Total Derivative Liabilities 
 
 (1) The Company classifies derivative assets and liabilities as current when the settlement date of the contract is one year or less. 

19 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

12. 

13. 

20 

ENOVIS CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

Reconstructive Segment Adjusted EBITDA (1) : 
 Prevention Recovery Reconstructive 
 
 (1) The following is a reconciliation of Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 (In thousands) Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (GAAP) ) ) ) ) Restructuring and other costs (1) 
 MDR and other costs (2) 
 Strategic transaction costs (3) 
 Stock-based compensation Depreciation and other amortization Amortization of acquired intangibles Inventory step-up Interest expense, net Other (income) expense, net (4) 
 ) ) ) ) Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 
 
 (1) Restructuring and other charges includes million and million, of expense classified as Cost of sales on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, respectively. Restructuring and other charges includes and million, of expense classified as Cost of sales on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Primarily related to costs specific to compliance with medical device reporting reg ulations and other requirements of the European Union Medical Devices Regulation. These costs are classified as Selling, general and administrative expense on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (3) Primarily relates to integration costs associated with the Lima Acquisition in 2024 and other strategic initiatives in 2023, including costs related to the Separation. 
 (4) Primarily includes the fair value gain on Contingent Acquisition Shares, partially offset by the first quarter of 2024 loss on the non-designated forward currency hedge for managing exchange rate risk related to the Euro-denominated purchase price of the Lima Acquisition. 
 
 21 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of Enovis Corporation Enovis, the Company, we, our, and us should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related footnotes included in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2024 (this Form 10-Q and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related footnotes included in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 22, 2024. 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Some of the statements contained in this Form 10-Q that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date this Form 10-Q is filed with the SEC. Statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including statements regarding: the Company s recently completed acquisition (the Lima Acquisition of LimaCorporate S.p.A. Lima the impacts of the completed spin-off of ESAB Corporation ESAB into an independent publicly traded company (the Separation the expected financial and operating performance of, and future opportunities for, the Company following the Separation; the impact of public health emergencies and global pandemics (including COVID-19); projections of revenue, profit margins, expenses, tax provisions and tax rates, earnings or losses from operations, impact of foreign exchange rates, cash flows, synergies or other financial items; plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations including statements relating to potential acquisitions, compensation plans or purchase commitments; developments, performance, industry or market rankings relating to products or services; future economic conditions or performance, including the impact of inflationary pressures; the outcome of outstanding claims or legal proceedings; potential gains and recoveries of costs; assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; and any other statements that address activities, events or developments that we intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. Forward-looking statements may be characterized by terminology such as believe, anticipate, should, would, could, intend, plan, will, expect, estimate, project, positioned, strategy, targets, aims, seeks, sees, and similar expressions. These statements are based on assumptions and assessments made by our management as of the filing of this Form 10-Q in light of their experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe to be appropriate. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially due to numerous factors, including but not limited to the following: 
 
 the effects of the Lima Acquisition on the Company s and Lima s combined operations, including any effects on relationships with customers, suppliers and other third parties; 
 
 an inability to identify, finance, acquire and successfully integrate suitable acquisition candidates; 
 
 the availability of additional capital and our inability to pursue our growth strategy without it; 
 
 our indebtedness and our debt agreements, which contain restrictions that may limit our flexibility in operating our business; 
 
 our restructuring activities, which may subject us to additional uncertainty in our operating results; 
 
 any impairment in the value of our intangible assets or goodwill, because of a sustained decline in, including but not limited to, operating performance at one or more our business units or the market price of our common stock; 
 
 a material disruption at any of our manufacturing facilities; 
 
 any failure to maintain, protect and defend our intellectual property rights; 
 
 22 

the effects of contagious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, terrorist activity, man-made or natural disasters and war; 
 
 significant movements in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 
 the availability of raw materials, as well as parts and components used in our products, as well as the impact of raw material, energy and labor price fluctuations and supply shortages; 
 
 the competitive environment in which we operate; 
 
 our reliance on a variety of distribution methods to market and sell our medical device products; 
 
 extensive government regulation and oversight of our products, including the requirement to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and clearances; 
 
 safety issues or recalls of our products; 
 
 failure to comply with federal and state regulations related to the manufacture of our products; 
 
 improper marketing or promotion of our products; 
 
 impacts of potential legislative or regulatory reforms on our business; 
 
 risks associated with the clinical trial process; 
 
 failure to comply with governmental regulations for products for which we obtain clearance or approval; 
 
 our exposure to product liability claims; 
 
 our inability to obtain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement from third-party payors for our medical device products; 
 
 audits or denials of claims by government officials; 
 
 federal and state health reform and cost control efforts; 
 
 our failure or the failure of our employees or third parties with which we have relationships to comply with healthcare laws and regulations; 
 
 our relationships with leading surgeons and our ability to comply with enhanced disclosure requirements regarding payments to physicians; 
 
 actual or perceived failures to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and security laws, regulations, standards and other requirements; 
 
 service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches affecting our information technology infrastructure; 
 
 non-compliance with anti-bribery laws, export control regulations, economic sanctions or other trade laws; 
 
 non-compliance with non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies; 
 
 our inability to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Separation; 
 
 if the Separation and/or certain related transactions do not qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and our stockholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities; 
 
 23 

potential indemnification liabilities to ESAB pursuant to the Separation and distribution agreement and other related agreements; 
 
 changes in the general economy; 
 
 disruptions in the global economy caused by escalating geopolitical tensions, including in connection with Russia s invasion of Ukraine; 
 
 the loss of key members of our leadership team, or the inability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees; and 
 
 other risks and factors listed in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Form 10-Q and Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part I of our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results, developments and business decisions may differ materially from those envisaged by such forward-looking statements. We do not assume any obligation and do not intend to update any forward-looking statement, except as required by law. See Risk Factors in this Form 10-Q and our 2023 Form 10-K for a further discussion regarding some of the reasons that actual results may be materially different from those that we anticipate. 

24 

Overview 
 
 Please see Part I, Item 1. Business in our 2023 Form 10-K for a discussion of the Company s objectives and methodologies for delivering shareholder value. 
 
 Enovis conducts its operations through two operating segments: Prevention Recovery P R and Reconstructive Recon ). 
 
 P R - a leader in orthopedic solutions, providing devices, software, and services across the patient care continuum from injury prevention to rehabilitation after surgery, injury, or from degenerative disease. 
 
 Recon - an innovation market-leader positioned in the fast-growing surgical implant business, offering a comprehensive suite of reconstructive joint products for the hip, knee, shoulder, elbow, foot, ankle, and finger and surgical productivity tools. 
 
 We have a global footprint, with production facilities in North America, Europe, North Africa, and Asia. We serve a global customer base across multiple markets through a combination of direct sales and third-party distribution channels. Our customer base is highly diversified in the medical market. 
 
 Our business management system, Enovis Growth Excellence EGX ), is integral to our operations. EGX includes our values and behaviors, a comprehensive set of tools, and repeatable, teachable processes that we use to drive continuous improvement and create superior value for our customers, shareholders, and associates. We believe that our management team s access to, and experience in, the application of the EGX methodology is one of our primary competitive strengths. 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion of Results of Operations addresses the comparison of the periods presented. Our management evaluates the operating results of each of its reportable segments based upon Net sales, Adjusted EBITDA, Comparable Sales, and Comparable Sales Growth rate as defined in the Non-GAAP Measures section below. 

Items Affecting Comparability of Reported Results and Other Recent Developments 
 
 The comparability of our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024 to the prior periods in 2023 is affected by the following significant items: 
 
 Strategic Acquisitions 
 
 We complement our organic growth plans with strategic acquisitions. Acquisitions can significantly affect our reported results. 
 
 On January 3, 2024, the Company acquired Lima, a privately held global orthopedic company focused on restoring motion through digital innovation and customized hardware for total fair value consideration of 865.6 million, net of acquired cash. The fair value total consideration includes 1,942,686 contingently issuable shares of Enovis common stock, as determined based upon a 100 million value divided by the thirty-day volume weighted average price of Enovis common stock as of the close of business on September 21, 2023 (the Contingent Acquisition Shares ), which issuance is dependent on the non-occurrence of certain future events and is expected to be settled within one year of the acquisition closing. The Contingent Acquisition Shares are issuable in two equal tranches. The first tranche of 971,343 Contingent Acquisition Shares was issued to the sellers on July 16, 2024. We currently expect the second tranche of Contingent Acquisition Shares to be issued in the first quarter of 2025. This acquisition expands and complements our current product offerings internationally within our Recon segment. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, we completed one acquisition accounted for as a business combination and two asset acquisitions in our Recon segment. On June 28, 2023, we acquired Novastep, a leading player in Minimally Invasive Surgery (MIS) foot and ankle solutions for total consideration of 96.9 million. The Novastep best-in-class MIS bunion system serves a rapidly growing portion of the global bunion segment. On July 20, 2023, we completed an asset acquisition of a broad 
 25 

line of external fixation products from D.N.E., LLC for total consideration of 28.2 million. These two acquisitions are valuable additions serving to enhance the offerings under our foot ankle product lines. On October 5, 2023, we acquired a 100 interest in Precision AI, a developer of surgical planning software. The acquisition of Precision AI complements our current product offerings with advanced surgical planning software. The software has capabilities to be used for shoulder reconstruction and there is an opportunity to expand this to additional anatomies. 
 
 Foreign Currency Fluctuations 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, approximately 39 and 41 of our sales, respectively, were derived from operations outside the United States, the majority of which are in Europe, with the remaining portion primarily in the Asia-Pacific region. Accordingly, we can be affected by market demand, economic and political factors in countries in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, and significant movements in foreign exchange rates. Our ability to grow and our financial performance will be affected by our ability to address challenges and opportunities that are a consequence of expanding our global operations through our recent acquisitions, including efficiently utilizing our international sales channels, manufacturing and distribution capabilities, participating in the expansion of market opportunities, successfully completing global acquisitions and engineering innovative new product applications to create better patient outcomes. 
 
 The majority of our Net sales derived from operations outside the United States are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Similar portions of our manufacturing and employee costs are also outside the United States and denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Changes in foreign exchange rates can impact our results of operations and are quantified when significant. For the three months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 29, 2023, fluctuations in foreign currencies increased Net sales by 0.4 , increased Gross profit by approximately 0.8 , and increased operating expense by approximately 0.2 . For the nine months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023, fluctuations in foreign currencies increased Net sales by 0.2 , had an immaterial impact on Gross profit, and increased operating expenses by approximately 0.2 . 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Sales in our P R and Recon segments typically peak in the fourth quarter. General economic conditions and other factors may, however, impact future seasonal variations. 
 26 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA; Comparable Sales 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Comparable Sales, and Comparable Sales Growth rate, which are non-GAAP performance measures, are included in this report because they are key metrics used by our management to assess our operating performance. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA excludes from Net income (loss) from continuing operations the effect of Income tax expense (benefit); Other (income) expense, net; non-operating (gain) loss on investments; debt extinguishment charges; Interest expense, net; Restructuring and other charges; Medical Device Regulation MDR fees and other costs; strategic transaction costs; stock-based compensation; depreciation and other amortization; acquisition-related intangible asset amortization; insurance settlement gain; and fair value charges on acquired inventory. We also present Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin by operating segment, which are subject to the same adjustments. Operating income (loss), adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margins at the operating segment level also include allocations of certain central function expenses not directly attributable to either operating segment. Adjusted EBITDA assists our management in comparing operating performance over time because certain items may obscure underlying business trends and make comparisons of long-term performance difficult, as they are of a nature and/or size that occur with inconsistent frequency or relate to discrete restructuring plans and other initiatives that are fundamentally different from our ongoing productivity improvements. 
 
 Comparable Sales adjusts nets sales for prior periods to include the sales of acquired businesses prior to our ownership from acquisitions that closed in the periods presented and to exclude the sales of certain non-core product lines that were divested or discontinued, as applicable, during the periods presented. The acquired businesses include Lima and Novastep, which are reflected in the Recon segment, and the excluded non-core product lines are comprised of the divested compression hosiery product line in the P R segment and certain discontinued third-party OEM relationships in the Recon segment. Comparable Sales Growth rate represents the change in Comparable Sales for the current period from Comparable Sales for the prior year period. Comparable Sales and Comparable Sales Growth rate assist our management in evaluating operating performance over time because the impact of significant acquisitions and divestitures or discontinuance of certain non-core product lines subsequent to prior periods may obscure underlying business trends and make the evaluation of period-over-period performance difficult. Comparable Sales and Comparable Sales Growth rate are presented for illustrative purposes only and do not and are not intended to comply with Article 11 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC in respect of proforma financial information, and may differ, including materially, from proforma financial statements presented in accordance therewith. 
 
 Our management also believes that presenting these measures allows investors to view our performance using the same measures that we use in evaluating our financial and business performance and trends. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information calculated in accordance with GAAP or prepared in accordance with Regulation S-X. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. The following tables set forth a reconciliation of net income (loss) from continuing operations, the most directly comparable financial statement measure, to Adjusted EBITDA, for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. 
 
 27 

Three Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 P R Recon Total P R Recon Total (Dollars in millions) Net income (loss) from continuing operations (GAAP) (1) 
 (33.5) (19.5) Income tax expense (benefit) (9.1) (6.1) Other (income) expense, net (0.2) (0.8) Interest expense, net 11.1 5.8 Operating income (loss) (GAAP) 2.4 (34.1) (31.7) 0.8 (21.2) (20.5) Operating income (loss) margin 0.9 (14.8) (6.3) 0.3 (14.4) (4.9) Adjusted to add (deduct): Restructuring and other charges (2)(3) 
 3.3 4.5 7.8 2.9 2.5 5.3 MDR and other costs (3) 
 2.7 2.6 5.3 3.4 2.8 6.2 Strategic transaction costs (3) 
 1.7 19.7 21.4 2.6 7.9 10.5 Stock-based compensation (3) 
 4.8 3.1 7.8 5.4 3.0 8.4 Depreciation and other amortization 4.5 23.9 28.4 5.5 15.9 21.5 Amortization of acquired intangibles 23.3 19.5 42.8 23.5 10.5 34.0 Inventory step-up 8.4 8.4 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 42.8 47.4 90.2 44.1 21.3 65.4 Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP) 15.6 20.5 17.9 16.3 14.5 15.7 
 
 (1) Non-operating components of Net income (loss) from continuing operations are not allocated to the segments. 
 (2) Restructuring and other charges includes 2.7 million of expense classified as Cost of sales on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended September 27, 2024, and there were no similar charges for the three months ended September 29, 2023. 
 (3) Certain amounts are allocated to the segments as a percentage of revenue as the costs are not discrete to either segment. 

Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 P R Recon Total P R Recon Total (Dollars in millions) Income (loss) from continuing operations (GAAP) (1) 
 (123.8) (56.9) Income tax expense (benefit) (25.4) (17.9) Other (income) expense, net (9.8) (0.7) Interest expense, net 48.0 15.5 Operating income (loss) (GAAP) (9.0) (102.0) (111.0) (21.8) (38.1) (60.0) Operating income (loss) margin (1.1) (13.9) (7.2) (2.7) (8.3) (4.8) Adjusted to add (deduct): Restructuring and other charges (2)(3) 
 12.9 12.4 25.3 6.2 5.9 12.1 MDR and other costs (3) 
 7.8 6.9 14.8 11.6 11.4 23.0 Strategic transaction costs (3) 
 3.7 61.3 65.0 10.6 16.9 27.5 Stock-based compensation (3) 
 13.3 8.5 21.8 15.3 8.8 24.1 Depreciation and other amortization 13.6 72.1 85.7 17.0 45.2 62.2 Amortization of acquired intangibles 69.5 55.2 124.7 70.2 28.1 98.3 Inventory step-up 37.4 37.4 0.1 0.1 Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 111.8 151.8 263.7 109.1 78.4 187.5 Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP) 13.8 20.6 17.0 13.7 17.1 15.0 
 
 (1) Non-operating components of Net income (loss) from continuing operations are not allocated to the segments. 
 (2) Restructuring and other charges includes 2.7 million and 0.3 million of expense classified as Cost of sales on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and 2023. 
 (3) Certain amounts are allocated to the segments as a percentage of revenue as the costs are not discrete to either segment. 
 28 

Total Company 
 
 Sales 
 
 The following table summarizes our sales for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, respectively. 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Growth Rate 
 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Growth Rate 
 GAAP GAAP (In millions) Prevention Recovery: U.S. Bracing Support 123.0 118.4 3.9 345.1 337.7 2.2 U.S. Other P R 66.2 68.2 (3.0) 200.5 198.3 1.1 International P R 85.0 83.7 1.6 265.4 258.5 2.7 Total Prevention Recovery 274.2 270.3 1.5 811.0 794.5 2.1 Reconstructive: U.S. Reconstructive 120.8 99.7 21.2 366.6 309.4 18.5 International Reconstructive 110.2 47.5 131.8 369.0 148.3 148.8 Total Reconstructive 231.0 147.2 56.9 735.6 457.7 60.7 Total 505.2 417.5 21.0 1,546.6 1,252.2 23.5 

The following table summarizes sales on a Comparable Sales and Comparable Sales Growth rate basis for the periods presented. 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Growth Rate 
 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 Growth Rate 
 Comparable Sales (1) 
 Comparable Sales (1) 
 (In millions) Prevention Recovery: U.S. Bracing Support 123.0 118.4 3.9 345.1 337.7 2.2 U.S. Other P R 66.2 66.1 0.2 197.8 191.3 3.4 International P R 85.0 82.2 3.5 263.8 254.3 3.7 Total Prevention Recovery 274.2 266.6 2.9 806.7 783.3 3.0 Reconstructive: U.S. Reconstructive 120.8 110.9 8.9 366.6 350.5 4.6 International Reconstructive 110.2 100.6 9.5 368.6 330.5 11.5 Total Reconstructive 231.0 211.5 9.2 735.2 681.0 8.0 Total 505.2 478.1 5.7 1,541.8 1,464.3 5.3 
 
 (1) Comparable Sales adjusts net sales for prior periods to include the sales of acquired businesses prior to our ownership from acquisitions that closed in the periods presented and to exclude the sales of divested businesses and certain discontinued Recon products lines in conjunction with the Lima Acquisition. The acquired businesses include Lima and Novastep, which are reflected in the Recon segment, and the excluded non-core product lines are comprised of a divested compression hosiery product line in the P R segment and certain discontinued third-party OEM relationships in the Recon segment. 
 
 Net sales for the three months ended September 27, 2024 increased from the prior year by 87.7 million, or 21.0 primarily attributable to an increase in sales from the Lima Acquisition and growth in existing businesses. Recon sales increased by 83.8 million, or 56.9 , of which 68.4 million was attributable to the Lima acquisition. Recon sales were negatively impacted by a 1.2 million decrease from the discontinuance of certain non-core product lines. P R increased by 
 29 

4.0 million, or 1.5 , which was negatively impacted by a 3.7 million decrease in sales from divesting a minor product line. For the three months ended September 29, 2023, U.S. GAAP basis net sales were 417.5 million. The Comparable Sales were 478.1 million for the same period. In 2023, Lima have contributed 65.5 million to Comparable Sales, offset by the impact of the divestiture and discontinuance of certain non-core product lines of 4.9 million. Comparable Sales Growth for Recon was driven by approximately 8.6 increases in volume and market share gains and favorable foreign currency translation of 0.6 . Comparable Sales Growth for P R was driven by approximately 2.6 organic growth in volumes and favorable foreign currency translation of 0.3 . The weakening of the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies resulted in 2.1 million, or 0.4 , of favorable foreign currency translation impacts on total net sales for the three months ended September 27, 2024 from the prior year period. 
 
 Net sales for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 increased from the prior year by 294.5 million, or 23.5 primarily attributable to an increase in sales from the Lima Acquisition and to a lesser extent the Novastep acquisition and growth in existing businesses. Recon sales increased by 278.0 million, or 60.7 , of which 252.0 million was attributable to the Lima and the Novastep acquisitions. Recon sales were negatively impacted by a 5.9 million decrease from the discontinuance of certain non-core product lines. P R sales increased by 16.5 million, or 2.1 , which was negatively impacted by a 6.9 million decrease from divesting a minor product line. For the nine months ended September 27, 2024, U.S. GAAP basis net sales were 1,546.6 million. The Comparable Sales were 1,541.8 million for the same period. For the nine months ended September 27, 2024, the sales attributable to the non-core product lines, which were divested or discontinued, were 4.8 million. For the nine months ended September 29, 2023, U.S. GAAP basis net sales were 1,252.2 million. The Comparable Sales were 1,464.3 million for the same period. In 2023, Lima and Novastep would have contributed 229.6 million to Comparable Sales, offset by the impact of the divestiture and discontinuance of certain non-core product lines of 17.6 million. Comparable Sales Growth for Recon was driven by approximately 7.5 increases in volume and market share gains and favorable foreign currency translation of 0.5 . Comparable Sales Growth for P R was driven by approximately 2.9 organic growth in volumes and favorable foreign currency translation of 0.1 . The weakening of the U.S. Dollar relative to other currencies resulted in 3.5 million, or 0.2 , of favorable foreign currency translation impacts on total net sales for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 from the prior year period. 

30 

Operating Results 
 
 The following table summarizes our results of continuing operations for the current year and prior year periods. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Gross profit 286.5 243.0 873.2 726.4 Gross profit margin 56.7 58.2 56.5 58.0 Selling, general and administrative expense 249.9 204.2 769.6 619.3 Research and development expense 20.5 19.9 67.3 57.0 Operating loss (31.7) (20.5) (111.0) (60.0) Operating loss margin (6.3) (4.9) (7.2) (4.8) Net loss from continuing operations (33.5) (19.5) (123.8) (56.9) Net loss from continuing operations margin (GAAP) (6.6) (4.7) (8.0) (4.5) Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 90.2 65.4 263.7 187.5 Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP) 17.9 15.7 17.0 15.0 Items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA: Restructuring and other charges (1) 
 7.8 5.3 25.3 12.1 MDR and other costs 5.3 6.2 14.8 23.0 Strategic transaction costs 21.4 10.5 65.0 27.5 Stock-based compensation 7.8 8.4 21.8 24.1 Depreciation and other amortization 28.4 21.5 85.7 62.2 Amortization of acquired intangibles 42.8 34.0 124.7 98.3 Inventory step-up 8.4 37.4 0.1 Interest expense, net 11.1 5.8 48.0 15.5 Other expense (income) net (0.2) (0.8) (9.8) (0.7) Income tax benefit (9.1) (6.1) (25.4) (17.9) 
 
 (1) Restructuring and other charges includes 2.7 million and 2.7 million of expense classified as Cost of sales on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, respectively. Restructuring and other charges includes million and 0.3 million, of expense classified as Cost of sales on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023, respectively. 

31 

Three Months Ended September 27, 2024 Compared to Prior Year 
 
 Gross profit increased in the three months ended September 27, 2024 compared with the prior year period due to a 43.8 million increase in our Recon segment, slightly offset by a 0.3 million decrease in our P R segment. The Gross profit increase was attributable to increased sales from the Lima acquisition, offset by an increase of 8.4 million in inventory fair value step-up amortization charges. Gross profit margin decreased by 1.5 due to the aforementioned increase in inventory fair value step-up amortization charges. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense increased 45.7 million in the three months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the prior year period, primarily due to increased commissions on increased sales and increased selling, general and administrative costs from the Lima Acquisition. Research and development costs increased slightly compared to prior year period as increases due to the Lima Acquisition were offset by phasing of other R D spending. Amortization of acquired intangibles and Depreciation and other amortization also increased compared to the prior year period due to the Lima Acquisition. 
 
 Interest expense, net increased in the three months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the prior year period due to an increase in debt to finance the Lima Acquisition. 
 
 The effective tax rate for Net loss from continuing operations during the three months ended September 27, 2024 was 21.4 , which was higher than the 2024 U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 , primarily due to tax credits for research and development, non-U.S. income taxed at lower rates, non-taxable fair value gain on Contingent Acquisition Shares, and release of uncertain tax positions. This was partially offset by an increase in valuation allowance on interest limitation carryforwards, non-deductible expenses, and U.S. taxation on international operations. The effective tax rate for Net loss from continuing operations during the three months ended September 29, 2023 was 23.7 , which was higher than the 2023 U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 , primarily due to non-U.S. income being taxed at lower rates, the release of a valuation allowance on non-U.S. attributes, tax credits for research and development, and release of uncertain tax positions. This was partially offset by other non-deductible expenses and the U.S. taxation on international operations. 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations increased in the three months ended September 27, 2024 compared with the prior year period, primarily due to the increase in Gross Profit from the Lima Acquisition, partially offset by a 10.9 million increase in strategic transactions costs from Lima integration activities, a 5.3 million increase in interest expense, net, and 8.8 million increase in amortization of acquired intangibles, and an increase in depreciation and inventory step-up charges. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin increased due to the Lima Acquisition. 

Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 Compared to Prior Year 
 
 Gross profit increased in the nine months ended September 27, 2024 compared with the prior year period due to a 138.6 million increase in our Recon segment and a 8.0 million increase in our P R segment. The Gross profit increase was attributable to increased sales from the Lima, offset by an increase of 37.2 million in inventory fair value step-up amortization charges. Gross profit margin decreased by 1.5 due to the aforementioned increase in inventory fair value step-up amortization charges. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense increased 150.3 million in the nine months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the prior year period, primarily due to increased commissions on increased sales and increased selling, general and administrative costs from the Lima Acquisition. Research and development costs also increased compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the Lima Acquisition and increased spend within recently acquired businesses in our Recon segment, which is investing in surgical productivity solutions and computer-assisted surgery technologies. Amortization of acquired intangibles and Depreciation and other amortization also increased compared to the prior year period due to the Lima Acquisition. 
 
 Interest expense, net increased in the nine months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the prior year period due to an increase in debt to finance the Lima Acquisition. 
 
 The effective tax rate for Net loss from continuing operations during the nine months ended September 27, 2024 was 17.0 , which was lower than the 2024 U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 , primarily due to an increase in valuation 
 32 

allowance on interest limitation carryforwards, non-deductible expenses, and U.S. taxation on international operations. This was partially offset by tax credits for research and development, non-U.S. income taxed at lower rates, and non-taxable fair value gain on Contingent Acquisition Shares. The effective tax rate for Net income from continuing operations during the nine months ended September 29, 2023 was 23.9 , which was higher than the 2023 U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 , primarily due to non-U.S. income being taxed at lower rates, the release of a valuation allowance on non-U.S. attributes, tax credits for research and development, and release of uncertain tax positions. This was partially offset by other non-deductible expenses and the U.S. taxation on international operations. 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations increased in the nine months ended September 27, 2024 compared with the prior year period by 66.9 million, primarily due to the 32.5 million increase in interest expense, net, a 50.7 million net increase in strategic transaction and restructuring costs driven by Lima activities, a loss of 11.1 million on the non-designated forward currency contracts for the Lima Acquisition, offset by a 19.9 million mark-to-market gain on the Contingent Acquisition Shares liability. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA margin increased due to the Lima Acquisition. 

Business Segments 
 
 As discussed further above, we report results in two reportable segments: P R and Recon. Operating loss, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margins at the operating segment level also include allocations of certain central function expenses not directly attributable to either operating segment. See Item 2. Non-GAAP Measures for a further discussion and reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 

Prevention Recovery 
 
 We develop, manufacture, and distribute rigid bracing products, orthopedic soft goods, vascular systems, and compression garments, and hot and cold therapy products and offer robust recovery sciences products in the clinical rehabilitation and sports medicine markets such as bone growth stimulators and electrical stimulators used for pain management. Our Prevention Recovery products are marketed under several brand names, most notably DJO, to orthopedic specialists, primary care physicians, pain management specialists, physical therapists, podiatrists, chiropractors, athletic trainers, and other healthcare professionals who treat patients with a variety of treatment needs including musculoskeletal conditions resulting from degenerative diseases, deformities, traumatic events and sports-related injuries. Many of our medical devices and related accessories are used by athletes and other patients for injury prevention and at-home physical therapy treatments. We reach a diverse customer base through multiple distribution channels, including independent distributors, direct salespeople, and directly to patients. 
 
 33 

The following table summarizes selected financial results for our Prevention Recovery segment: 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Net sales 274.2 270.3 811.0 794.5 Gross profit 143.4 143.7 420.9 412.9 Gross profit margin 52.3 53.2 51.9 52.0 Selling, general and administrative expenses 105.6 107.5 320.9 332.0 Research and development expense 9.1 9.2 27.1 26.6 Amortization of acquired intangibles 23.3 23.5 69.5 70.2 Restructuring and other charges 3.0 2.9 12.5 6.0 Operating income (loss) (GAAP) 2.4 0.8 (9.0) (21.8) Operating loss margin (GAAP) 0.9 0.3 (1.1) (2.7) Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 42.8 44.1 111.8 109.1 Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP) 15.6 16.3 13.8 13.7 
 
 Three Months Ended September 27, 2024 Compared to Prior Year 
 
 Net sales increased 3.9 million, or 1.5 , in the three months ended September 27, 2024 compared with the prior year period, which was negatively impacted by a 3.7 million decrease from divesting a minor product line. Comparable Sales Growth for P R was driven by approximately 2.6 organic growth in volumes and favorable foreign currency translation of 0.3 . Gross profit decreased 0.3 million and Gross profit margin decreased by 90 basis points primarily due to lower mix of higher margin products sales. Selling, general and administrative expense decreased slightly and decreased as a percentage of net sales due to a reduction of strategic transaction costs and EU MDR spending. Operating income increased by 1.6 million due to the reduction of strategic transaction costs and MDR spending, as well as lower depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased due to the aforementioned gross profit decrease. 

Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 Compared to Prior Year 
 
 Net sales increased 16.5 million, or 2.1 , compared with the prior year period, which was negatively impacted by a 6.9 million decrease from divesting a minor product line. Comparable Sales Growth for P R was driven by approximately 2.9 organic growth in volumes and favorable foreign currency translation of 0.1 . Gross profit increased 7.9 million and Gross profit margin decreased by 10 basis points primarily due to lower mix of higher margin products sales. Selling, general and administrative expense decreased primarily due to reduction of strategic transaction costs and EU MDR spending. Operating loss decreased due to the aforementioned Selling, general and administrative expense decrease and higher gross profit, partially offset by charges from divesting a minor product line. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin increased slightly compared with the prior year period. 

Reconstructive 
 
 We develop, manufacture, and market a wide variety of knee, hip, shoulder, elbow, foot, ankle, and finger implant products and surgical productivity solutions that serve the orthopedic reconstructive joint implant market. Our products are primarily used by surgeons for surgical procedures. 
 
 34 

The following table summarizes the selected financial results for our Reconstructive segment: 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Net sales 231.0 147.2 735.6 457.7 Gross profit 143.0 99.2 452.3 313.5 Gross profit margin 61.9 67.4 61.5 68.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 144.2 96.8 448.8 287.3 Research and development expense 11.4 10.7 40.2 30.4 Amortization of acquired intangibles 19.5 10.5 55.2 28.1 Restructuring and other charges 2.1 2.5 10.1 5.8 Operating loss (GAAP) (34.1) (21.2) (102.0) (38.1) Operating loss margin (GAAP) (14.8) (14.4) (13.9) (8.3) Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP) 47.4 21.3 151.8 78.4 Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP) 20.5 14.5 20.6 17.1 
 
 Three Months Ended September 27, 2024 Compared to Prior Year 
 
 Net sal es increased by 83.8 million , or 56.9 , in the three months ended September 27, 2024, of which 68.4 million was attributable to the Lima acquisition. Recon sales were negatively impacted by a 1.2 million decrease from the discontinuance of certain non-core product lines. Comparable Sales Growth for Recon was driven by approximately 8.6 increases in volume and market share gains and favorable foreign currency translation of 0.6 . Gro ss profit increased over the same period , primarily due to higher net sales due to the Lima Acquisition, and improved operating cost leverage, offset by an increase of 8.4 million in inventory fair value step-up amortization charges. Gross profit margin decreased primarily due to increased inventory fair value step-up amortization charges and product mix. Selling, general and administrative expense increased by 47.4 million over the same period primarily due to increased Strategic transactions costs associated with Lima integration activities, increased commissions driven by higher sales, a general and administrative expense increase due to the Lima Acquisition, and increases in existing business investments to support growth. Research and development expense increased slightly compared to prior year period as increases due to the Lima Acquisition were offset by phasing of other R D spending. Operating loss increased, primarily due to a 11.8 million increase in strategic transaction costs including the deal costs for the Lima Acquisition and integration costs, and an increase in amortization of acquired intangibles and inventory fair value step-up amortization charges, offset by the aforementioned factors driving growth. Adjusted EBITDA increased primarily due to increased gross profit from the Lima Acquisition and improved operating cost leverage. 

Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 Compared to Prior Year 
 
 Net sal es increased by 277.9 million , or 60.7 , of which 252.0 million was attributable to the Lima and the Novastep acquisitions. Recon sales were negatively impacted by a 5.9 million decrease from the discontinuance of certain non-core product lines. Comparable Sales Growth for Recon was driven by approximately 7.5 increases in volume and market share gains and favorable currency translation of 0.5 . Gro ss profit increased 138.7 million in the nine months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the prior year period , primarily due to h igher net sales due to the Lima Acquisition, and improved operating leverage, offset by an increase of 37.2 million in inventory fair value step-up amortization charges. The increase in inventory step-up charges led to a decrease in Gross profit margin. Selling, general and administrative expense increased by 161.5 million over the same period primarily due to increased Strategic transactions costs associated with Lima integration activities, increased commissions driven by higher sales, a general and administrative expense increase due to the Lima Acquisition, and increases in existing business investments to support growth. Research and development expense increased compared to the prior year period due to the Lima Acquisition and increased spending within other recently acquired businesses in our Recon segment, which are investing in surgical productivity solutions and computer-assisted surgery technologies. Operating loss increased, primarily due to a 44.4 million increase in strategic transaction costs including the deal costs for the Lima Acquisition and integration costs, and an increase in amortization of acquired intangibles and inventory fair value step-up amortization charges, offset by the aforementioned factors driving growth. Adjusted EBITDA increased primarily due to increased gross profit from the Lima Acquisition and improved operating cost leverage. 
 35 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 
 We finance our long-term capital and working capital requirements through a combination of cash flows from operating activities, various borrowings, and the issuances of equity. We expect that our primary ongoing requirements for cash will be for working capital, funding of acquisitions, capital expenditures, restructuring and other non-routine costs, and interest and principal repayments on our debt. We believe we could raise additional funds in the form of debt or equity if it were determined to be appropriate for strategic acquisitions or other corporate purposes. We believe that our sources of liquidity are adequate to fund our operations for the next twelve months. 
 
 Equity Capital 
 
 In 2018, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of our common stock from time-to-time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. No stock repurchases have been made under this plan since the third quarter of 2018. As of September 27, 2024, the remaining stock repurchase authorization provided by our Board of Directors was 100 million. The timing, amount, and method of shares repurchased is determined by management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. There is no term associated with the remaining repurchase authorization. 
 
 Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 Our credit agreement (the Enovis Credit Agreement initially consisted of a 900 million revolving credit facility (the Revolver with an April 4, 2027 maturity date and a term loan with an initial aggregate principal amount of 450 million which was fully extinguished during the first quarter of 2023. The Revolver contains a 50 million swing line loan sub-facility. Certain U.S. subsidiaries of the Company guarantee the obligations under the Enovis Credit Agreement. As of September 27, 2024, there was 385 million available on the Revolver. 
 
 The Enovis Credit Agreement contains customary covenants limiting the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur debt or liens, merge or consolidate with others, dispose of assets, make investments, or pay dividends. In addition, the Enovis Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring the Company to maintain (i) a maximum senior secured leverage ratio of not more than 3.50:1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2024 and thereafter, and (ii) a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.00:1:00. The Enovis Credit Agreement contains various events of default (including failure to comply with the covenants under the Enovis Credit Agreement and related agreements) and upon an event of default the lenders may, subject to various customary cure rights, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding under the Revolver. 
 
 In connection with the Lima Acquisition, on October 23, 2023 we entered into an amendment to the Enovis Credit Agreement (the Amendment ). The Amendment provides for a new term loan commitment in the aggregate amount of 400 million. The term loan facility extended to the Company under the Amendment was funded on January 3, 2024, the date the Lima Acquisition was consummated. The term loan requires quarterly principal repayments at 1.25 of the initial aggregate principal amount, which is 5 million each quarter, and matures on April 4, 2027 (the 2024 Term Loan ). 
 
 Pursuant to the Amendment, effective as of the date of consummation of the Lima Acquisition, (i) all facilities under the Enovis Credit Agreement (including the 2024 Term Loan Facility) became secured by certain personal property of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, subject to limitations and exclusions; (ii) the financial covenant under the Enovis Credit Agreement were adjusted to a new senior secured leverage ratio; (iii) certain changes to the negative covenants became effective (including restrictions on repayments of junior financing and amendments to junior financing documents); and (iv) certain additional changes were implemented (including the removal of the guaranty fallaway provision). 
 
 Convertible Notes and Capped Calls 
 
 In connection with the signing of the definitive stock purchase agreement for the Lima Acquisition, we entered into several financing agreements in October 2023. On October 24, 2023, we issued 460 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured convertible notes in a private placement pursuant to Rule 144A (the 2028 Notes ). The 2028 Notes have an interest 
 36 

rate of 3.875 , payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning April 15, 2024. The 2028 Notes will mature on October 15, 2028 unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted. 
 
 We also entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with certain of the initial purchasers of the 2028 Notes. The capped call transactions are intended generally to mitigate potential dilution to our common stock upon conversion of any 2028 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2028 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 
 Other Indebtedness 
 
 In addition, we are party to overdraft facilities with a borrowing capacity of 30.0 million. Total letters of credit and surety bonds of 24.6 million were outstanding as of September 27, 2024. 

Cash Flows 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, we had 39.8 million of Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, a decrease of 5.0 million from the balance as of December 31, 2023 of 44.8 million. The following table summarizes the change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash during the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 27, 2024 September 29, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 25.2 66.6 Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangibles (127.5) (94.3) Payments for acquisitions, net of cash received, and investments (765.4) (131.4) Other investing 
 (4.7) 42.6 Net cash used in investing activities (897.6) (183.1) Net borrowings of debt 878.0 133.2 Other financing (11.1) (8.2) Net cash provided by financing activities 866.9 125.0 Effect of foreign exchange rates on Cash and cash equivalents 0.5 (0.7) Increase (decrease) in Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (5.0) 7.8 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period-to-period due to changes in working capital and the timing of payments for items such as restructuring and strategic transaction costs. Cash flows from operating activities decreased 41.4 million year-over-year. This decrease includes higher strategic transaction costs of 37.4 million, higher restructuring payments of 6.3 million, and an increased cash paid for interest of 23.5 million, partly offset by 13.4 million cash from the settlement of the foreign currency forward contracts associated with the Lima Acquisition and lower overall investment in working capital of 9.3 million. 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 27, 2024 were 897.6 million compared to 183.1 million in the prior year period due to the Lima Acquisition purchase price of 757.7 million, net of cash received, and overall higher capital investments in the current year driven by recent acquisitions. Cash flows used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 29, 2023 included the acquisition of Novastep for 96.9 million, net of cash received, offset by proceeds from sale of an asset previously classified as held for sale for 42.6 million. 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 27, 2024 include 878.0 million of net debt borrowings primarily used for the Lima Acquisition, capital expenditures and operations. Cash flows provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 29, 2023 include net debt borrowings of 133.2 million primarily used for the acquisition of Novastep and capital expenditures. 

37 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our critical accounting policies have a significant impact on our results of operations and financial position. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based upon our historical experience, our evaluation of business and macroeconomic trends and information from other outside sources, as appropriate. Our experience and assumptions form the basis for our judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may vary from what our management anticipates, and different assumptions or estimates about the future could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. Except as noted below, there have been no significant additions or changes to the methods, estimates and judgments included in Item 7A. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Critical Accounting Policies in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 We evaluate the recoverability of Goodwill at the reporting unit level annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. As of September 27, 2024, the sum of the fair value of our two reporting units, as calculated by management, implied a premium of approximately 46 above our market capitalization, due to the decrease in the share price of our common stock. We identified the decrease in market capitalization as a possible impairment indicator as of September 27, 2024, and performed interim quantitative assessments of Goodwill for the Reconstructive and Prevention Recovery reporting units. To conduct the assessments, we measured the fair value of each reporting unit and compared the fair values to the respective carrying values as of September 27, 2024 to determine whether impairment existed. Based on these assessments, no impairment was identified. As of September 27, 2024, the Goodwill of the Reconstructive and Prevention Recovery reporting units was 1.3 billion and 1.1 billion, respectively. 
 
 Determining the fair value of a reporting unit requires the application of judgment and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions which can be affected by changes in business climate, economic conditions, the competitive environment and other factors. We measured the estimated fair value of the reporting units based on equally weighing a discounted cash flow approach and a market valuation approach. The discounted cash flow models indicate the fair value of the reporting units based on the present value of the cash flows that the reporting units are expected to generate in the future. Significant estimates in the discounted cash flow models include the weighted-average cost of capital, revenue growth rates, long-term rates of growth, profitability of our business, tax rates, and working capital effects. The market valuation approach indicates the fair value of the business based on a comparison against certain market information. Significant estimates in the market valuation approach model include identifying appropriate market multiples and assessing Adjusted EBITDA, as defined in the Non-GAAP Measures section of Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. For the Reconstructive and Prevention Recovery reporting units, the estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value by 5 and 5 , respectively. For sensitivity analysis, we estimated the fair value of the Reconstructive and Prevention Recovery reporting units if we reduced the long-term revenue growth rate by 25 basis points, and the resulting excess fair value over carrying value decreased by 120 and 130 basis points, respectively. 
 
 Management believes its assumptions to be reasonable, though such estimates are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual results or future changes in the judgment, assumptions and estimates could result in significantly different estimates of fair value in the future. If the decline in our market capitalization is sustained or actual results of the business differ from our estimates and projections, there is an increased risk of potential impairment, which could materially affect our financial statements. 

38 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in short-term interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices that could impact our results of operations and financial condition. We address our exposure to these risks through our normal operating and financing activities. We do not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are subject to exposure from changes in short-term interest rates related to interest payments on our borrowing arrangements. A significant amount of our borrowings as of September 27, 2024 are variable-rate facilities based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). In order to mitigate our interest rate risk, we may enter into interest rate swap or collar agreements. A hypothetical increase in interest rates of 1 during the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024 would have increased Interest expense for our variable rate-based debt under the Enovis Credit Agreement by approximately 2.3 million and 6.6 million, respectively. 
 
 Exchange Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to movements in the exchange rates of various currencies against the U.S. Dollar and against the currencies of other countries in which we manufacture and sell products and services. During the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, approximately 39 and 41 of our sales, respectively, were derived from operations outside the United States. We have manufacturing operations in certain foreign countries including Mexico, Switzerland, Italy, Germany, Tunisia, and China. Sales are more highly weighted toward the U.S. Dollar and Euro than other currencies. We also have significant contractual obligations in U.S. Dollars that are met with cash flows in other currencies as well as U.S. Dollars. To better match revenue and expense, as well as cash needs from contractual liabilities, we may enter into currency swaps and forward contracts. 
 
 We also face exchange rate risk from our investments in subsidiaries owned and operated in foreign countries. Our cross-currency swap agreements hedge our net investment in our Swiss Franc-denominated subsidiaries against adverse movements in exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and the Swiss Franc. These swap agreements are designated and qualify as net investment hedges of our Swiss Franc net asset position. The effect of a change in currency exchange rates on our investment in Swiss Franc subsidiaries, offset by the unrealized gain or loss on the cross-currency swap investment hedges, is reflected in the Accumulated other comprehensive loss component of Equity. 
 
 We also face exchange rate risk from intercompany transactions between affiliates. Although we use the U.S. Dollar as our functional currency for reporting purposes, we have manufacturing sites throughout the world, and a substantial portion of our costs are incurred and sales are generated in foreign currencies. Costs incurred and sales recorded by subsidiaries operating outside of the United States are translated into U.S. Dollars using exchange rates effective during the respective period. As a result, we are exposed to movements in the exchange rates of various currencies against the U.S. Dollar. Similarly, tax costs may increase or decrease as local currencies strengthen or weaken against the U.S. Dollar. 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We are exposed to changes in the prices of raw materials used in our production processes. In order to manage commodity price risk, we periodically enter into fixed price contracts directly with suppliers. 
 
 See Note 11, Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements in our Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-Q for additional information regarding our derivative instruments. 
 39 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of September 27, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company completed the Lima Acquisition on January 3, 2024. Management considers this transaction to be material to the Company s consolidated financial statements and believes that the internal controls and procedures of Lima have a material effect on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. We are currently in the process of incorporating the internal controls and procedures of Lima into our internal controls over financial reporting and extending our compliance program under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to include Lima. The Company will report on its assessment of the consolidated operations within the time period provided by the Exchange Act and the applicable SEC rules and regulations concerning business combinations. 
 
 Other than the Lima Acquisition noted above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)) identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

40 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Discussion of legal proceedings is incorporated by reference to Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks set forth in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Form 10-K and the other information set forth in this Form 10-Q, and the additional information in the other reports we file with the SEC before making an investment decision. If any of the risks contained in those reports actually occur, our business, results of operation, financial condition, and liquidity could be harmed, the value of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes in the risk factors set forth in Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 The risk factor in our 2023 Form 10-K entitled Any impairment in the value of our intangible assets, including Goodwill, would negatively impact our operating results and total capitalization is replaced in its entirety by the following: 
 
 Any impairment in the value of our intangible assets, including Goodwill, would negatively affect our operating results and total capitalization. 
 
 Our Total assets reflect substantial intangible assets, primarily Goodwill. The Goodwill results from our acquisitions, representing the excess of cost over the fair value of the net assets we have acquired. We assess annually, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount, in order to determine whether there has been impairment in the value of our Goodwill. For example, we determined it was appropriate to perform an interim quantitative impairment assessment of Goodwill due to the existence of a possible impairment indicator as of September 27, 2024 resulting from a decrease in the share price of our common stock and market capitalization. After conducting this assessment, we did not identify an impairment. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 27, 2024. 
 
 If future operating performance at either of our reporting units were to fall significantly below current levels, if competing or alternative technologies emerge, if market conditions for an acquired business decline, or if there is a sustained decrease in our market capitalization, among other things, we could incur, under current applicable accounting rules, a non-cash charge to operating earnings for Goodwill impairment. Any determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of intangible assets would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and total capitalization, the effect of which could be material. 

41 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the nine months ended September 27, 2024, none of our directors or officers or a Rule 10b5-1 or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 42 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 3.01.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 3.01.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 3.01.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 3.02 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Enovis Corporation. 31.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.01 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.02 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2024 is formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101). 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01 to Enovis (formerly Colfax) Corporation s Form 8-K (File No. 001-34045) as filed with the SEC on January 30, 2012. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Enovis Corporation s Form 8-K (File No. 001-34045) as filed with the SEC on April 8, 2022. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Enovis Corporation s Form 8-K (File No. 001-34045) as filed with the SEC on May 22, 2024. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Enovis Corporation s Form 8-K (File No. 001-34045) as filed with the SEC on December 15, 2022. 

43 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Registrant: Enovis Corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Matthew L. Trerotola Chief Executive Officer and Director Matthew L. Trerotola (Principal Executive Officer) November 6, 2024 /s/ Phillip B. Berry Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Phillip B. Berry (Principal Financial Officer) November 6, 2024 /s/ John Kleckner Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer John Kleckner (Principal Accounting Officer) November 6, 2024 
 44 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 exhibit311ceocertification.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Matthew L. Trerotola, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Enovis Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 
 s Matthew L. Trerotola 
 Matthew L. Trerotola Chair of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 exhibit312cfocertification.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Phillip B. Berry, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Enovis Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 
 s Phillip B. Berry Phillip B. Berry Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 exhibit321ceocertification.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 I, Matthew L. Trerotola, as President and Chief Executive Officer of Enovis Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), that to my knowledge 
 
 1. the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 27, 2024 (the Report ), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 
 s Matthew L. Trerotola 
 Matthew L. Trerotola Chair of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 exhibit322cfocertification.htm
 EX-32.02

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 I, Phillip B. Berry, as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Enovis Corporation (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), that to my knowledge 
 
 1. the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 27, 2024 (the Report ), filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 
 s Phillip B. Berry Phillip B. Berry Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cfx-20240927.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cfx-20240927_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cfx-20240927_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cfx-20240927_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cfx-20240927_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

