<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1846069_0001846069-24-000226.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8454763</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>270081</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2231853</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2772744</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1681967</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1348299</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001846069-24-000226.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106160953
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001846069-24-000226
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nextdoor Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001846069
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				861776836
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40246
		FILM NUMBER:		241430994

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 TAYLOR STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94012
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-344-0333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		420 TAYLOR STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94012

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001846069-24-000226.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 kvsb-20240930.htm
 10-Q

kvsb-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 . 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 4, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding and shares of the registrant s Class B common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 2 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 4 
 Part I - Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 11 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 Part II - Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A. R isk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 66 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 67 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 67 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 67 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 68 
 Signatures 
 69 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. All statements contained in this Quarterly Report, other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, strategies, future operating results and financial position, potential growth or growth prospects, are forward-looking statements. Words such as believes, may, will, estimates, potential, continues, anticipates, intends, expects, could, would, projects, plans, targets, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report may include, for example, statements about: 
 
 our anticipated growth, including our ability to scale new neighbor growth, our ability to grow engagement by our existing neighbor base and our ability to increase monetization of our platform; 
 
 our ability to scale our business and monetization efforts; 
 
 the political, economic, and macroeconomic climate, whether in the advertising industry in general, or among specific types of advertisers or within particular geographies, including but not limited to the impacts related to the 2024 U.S. election, turmoil in the global banking system, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, a potential recession, a potential temporary federal government shutdown, inflation, and changing interest rates; 
 
 our ability to expand our business operations abroad by opening new and expanding within existing neighborhoods outside of the United States; 
 
 our ability to respond to general economic conditions; 
 
 our ability to invest in, and the ultimate success of, technologies aimed at enhancing our business solutions and delivering additional value to our platform; 
 
 our ability to scale our business effectively; 
 
 our ability to achieve and maintain profitability in the future; 
 
 our ability to access sources of capital to finance operations and growth; 
 
 the success of strategic relationships with third parties; 
 
 our ability to maintain the listing of our Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange; 
 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations, both within and outside of the United States; 
 
 the impact of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment; 
 
 the inability to develop and maintain effective internal controls; 
 
 the impact on our business as a result of interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from earthquakes, fires, floods, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, pandemics, geopolitical conflict (including the war in Ukraine and war in the Middle East), other physical security threats, cyber-attacks, or other catastrophic events; 
 
 our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees, or directors; 
 
 our financial performance; and 
 
 other factors detailed in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections as of the date of this filing about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Quarterly Report and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), that disclose risks and uncertainties that may affect our business. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, performance, or achievements. In addition, the forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report are made as of the date of this filing, and we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim any duty, to update such statements for any reason after the date of this Quarterly Report or to conform statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. 
 
 You should read this Quarterly Report and the documents that we reference herein and have filed with the SEC as exhibits to this Quarterly Report with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 
 
 As used in this Quarterly Report, the terms Nextdoor, we, us, Registrant, and our mean Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. The term Business Combination refers to the transactions contemplated by the that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 6, 2021, by and among Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. II, Nextdoor, Inc., and Lorelei Merger Sub Inc., as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 30, 2021, including (i) the merger contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, whereby Lorelei Merger Sub Inc. merged with and into Nextdoor, Inc., with Nextdoor, Inc. surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Khosla Ventures Acquisition Co. II, and (ii) the private placement pursuant to which investors collectively subscribed for 27,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock at 10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 270,000,000. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our Class A common stock. Some of the principal risks and uncertainties include the following: 
 We have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business and are still scaling up our monetization efforts, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and there is no assurance we will be able to scale our business for future growth. 
 
 Adverse global economic and financial conditions could harm our business and financial condition. 
 
 We currently generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. If advertisers reduce or eliminate their spending with us, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our business is highly competitive. Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. 
 
 Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our product offerings and technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in the availability of our platform could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of neighbors and engagement, and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 If we fail to scale our business effectively, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 
 If our efforts to build strong brand identity and reputation are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain neighbors, and our business, operating results, and financial condition will be adversely affected. 
 
 We may expand our international operations where we have limited operating experience and may be subject to increased business, regulatory, and economic risks that could seriously harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 If we need additional capital in the future, it may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. 
 
 Our business depends largely on our ability to attract, retain and assimilate talented employees, including senior management. If we lose the services of or fail to successfully assimilate highly skilled personnel, key employees or members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute on our business strategy. 
 
 We are dependent on third-party software and service providers, including the Google Ad Manager GAM platform, for management and delivery of advertisements on the Nextdoor platform. Any failure or interruption experienced by such third-parties could result in the inability of certain businesses to advertise on our platform, and adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 We rely on third-party software and service providers, including Amazon Web Services AWS ), to provide systems, storage and services for our platform. Any failure or interruption experienced by such third parties could result in the inability of neighbors and advertisers to access or utilize our platform, and adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Technologies have been developed that can block the display of advertisements on the Nextdoor platform, which could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Security breaches, including improper access to or disclosure of our data or our neighbors data, or other hacking and phishing attacks on our or third-party systems, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Distribution and marketing of, and access to, our platform depends, in significant part, on a variety of third-party publishers and platforms (including mobile app stores, third-party payment providers, computer systems, and other communication systems and service providers). If these third parties limit, prohibit or otherwise interfere with or change the terms of the distribution, use or marketing of our platform in any material way, it could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Certain of our market opportunities and key metric estimates could prove to be inaccurate, and any real or perceived inaccuracies may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

We have a history of net losses and may experience net losses in the future and we cannot assure you that we will achieve or sustain profitability. If we cannot achieve and sustain profitability, our business, financial condition, and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 
 We may have greater than anticipated tax liabilities, which could harm our business, revenue and financial results. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that our Share Repurchase Program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and diminish our cash reserves. 
 
 We may be liable as a result of content or information that is published or made available on our platform. 
 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, and industry standards, many of which are subject to change and uncertain interpretations, which uncertainty could harm our business, operating results, and financial conditions. 
 
 We could be involved in legal disputes that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Failure to maintain effective systems of internal controls and disclosure controls could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Third parties may claim that our platform infringes their intellectual property rights and this may create liability for us or otherwise adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Our use of open source software could subject us to possible litigation or could prevent us from offering products that include open source software or require us to obtain licenses on unfavorable terms. 
 
 We license technology from third parties, and our inability to maintain those licenses could harm our business. 
 
 The price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. 
 
 The dual class structure of our common stock may adversely affect the trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 
 The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with our management and other existing stockholders, which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 As of September 30, As of December 31, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Restricted cash, non-current Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities, current Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, non-current Other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) ) Provision for income taxes Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments Change in unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale marketable securities ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Release of restricted stock units Tax withholdings on release of restricted stock units ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Conversion from Class B to Class A common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Release of restricted stock units Tax withholdings on release of restricted stock units ) ) Conversion from Class B to Class A common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Vesting of early exercised stock options Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2023 ) Release of restricted stock units Tax withholdings on release of restricted stock units ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Conversion from Class B to Class A common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balances as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Release of restricted stock units Tax withholdings on release of restricted stock units ) ) Conversion from Class B to Class A common stock ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Vesting of early exercised stock options Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Non-cash impairment charges related to lease abandonment Accretion of investments ) ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Operating lease right-of-use assets Accounts payable ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Sales of marketable securities Maturities of marketable securities Loan to Opportunity Finance Network ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Tax withholdings on release of restricted stock units ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash, non-current Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Supplemental cash flow disclosures Non-cash investing and financing activities: Vesting of restricted stock and early exercised stock options Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets Remeasurement of operating lease liability and right-of-use asset ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1. 

Note 2. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 million and million, respectively, and included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue recognized from deferred revenue at the beginning of each period was million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue recognized from deferred revenue at the beginning of each period was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 4. 
 Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Corporate bonds ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Total marketable securities ) Total ) 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate bonds Commercial paper ) Total cash equivalents ) Marketable securities: Certificates of deposit Commercial paper ) Corporate bonds ) U.S. Treasury securities ) U.S. Agency bonds ) Asset-backed securities ) Total marketable securities ) Total ) 
 All marketable securities are designated as available-for-sale securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Corporate bonds ) ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Total 
 ) ) ) 

As of December 31, 2023 Less than 12 Months 
 12 Months or Greater 
 Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Loss Fair Value Gross Unrealized Loss Fair Value Gross Unrealized Loss Commercial paper ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) U.S. Agency bonds ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Total 
 ) ) ) 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Due after one to four years Total 
 As of December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost 
 Estimated Fair Value 
 Due within one year Due after one to four years Total 
 
 Note 5. 
 financial assets or liabilities measured using Level 3 inputs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Corporate bonds U.S. Treasury securities Asset-backed securities Total marketable securities Total cash equivalents and marketable securities 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate bonds Commercial paper Total cash equivalents Marketable securities: Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Corporate bonds U.S. Treasury securities U.S. Agency bonds Asset-backed securities Total marketable securities Total cash equivalents and marketable securities 
 The Company classifies its cash equivalents and marketable securities within Level 1 or Level 2 because it determines their fair values using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs. There were no transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the periods presented. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including cash held in banks, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities and are excluded from the fair value table above. 
 Financial Instruments, Assets, and Liabilities Not Recorded at Fair Value 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 Carrying Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Fair Value Assets Note receivable 

Note 6. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Short-term lease cost 
 Variable lease cost 
 Total 
 
 Other information related to the Company s operating leases was as follows (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 Remeasurement of operating lease liability and right-of-use asset ) 
 Lease terms and discount rates for operating leases were as follows: 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities Less: current operating lease liabilities 
 ) Long-term operating lease liabilities 
 
 The table above does not include lease payments that were not fixed at commencement or lease modification. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Note 7. 
 renewal contract with a third party hosting service provider resulting in a significant increase to its purchase commitments, included in the table below. 
 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 Legal matters 
 In addition to the litigation discussed below, from time to time, the Company is a party to a variety of claims, lawsuits, and proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of intellectual property rights. The Company records a liability when it believes that it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of loss or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company discloses potential losses when they are reasonably possible. In the Company s opinion, resolution of such pending matters is not likely to have a material adverse impact on its consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or its financial position. Given the unpredictable nature of legal proceedings, the Company bases its estimate on the information available at the time of the assessment. As additional information becomes available, the Company reassesses the potential liability and may revise the estimate. 
 The matter discussed below summarizes the Company s current significant ongoing pending legal proceedings. 
 Securities and Derivative Litigation 
 In February 2024, a securities class action complaint was filed against the Company and certain of its current and former executive officers (collectively, the Defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The lawsuit alleges that Defendants violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by making materially false and misleading statements about the Company s business and prospects for future growth in the period between July 6, 2021 and November 8, 2022. Motions for lead plaintiff were filed on April 29, 2024 and the court appointed a lead plaintiff on July 12, 2024. The lead plaintiff filed the amended complaint on September 10, 2024. 
 On July 26, 2024, a purported shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint names as defendants certain of the Company s former and current officers and directors, as well as the Company as nominal defendant, and asserts state and federal claims based on some of the same alleged misstatements as the securities class action complaint described above. The complaint seeks unspecified damages, attorneys fees, and other costs. The lawsuit is currently stayed. 
 The Company intends to vigorously defend against the claims in these actions. Given the procedural posture and the nature of such litigation matters, the Company is currently unable to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss, if any, that may result from these matters. Any litigation is inherently uncertain, and any judgment or injunctive relief entered against the Company or any adverse settlement could materially and adversely impact its business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
 Class Action Litigation 
 On October 28, 2024 and October 29, 2024, class action complaints were filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery against the Company, certain of the Company s former officers, certain of the former officers and directors of the special purpose acquisition company KVSB into which the Company merged on November 5, 2021, the sponsor of the Company s special purpose acquisition merger Khosla Ventures SPAC Sponsor II LLC (the Sponsor ), and certain entities allegedly related to the Sponsor. Both complaints are brought on behalf of a class of KVSB stockholders who could have, but did not, choose to redeem their KVSB shares in connection with the November 5, 2021 merger between KVSB and the Company. The complaints allege that defendants breached various duties to KVSB stockholders by making false or misleading statements and/or aided and abetted such breaches. The complaints also allege claims for unjust enrichment. The complaints seek damages, disgorgement, attorneys fees, and other costs. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million, unsecured, over the course of months. OFN is a national network of community development financial institutions CDFIs ). OFN will use the loan proceeds to make low-cost, fixed-rate loans to OFN-member CDFIs that on-lend those loan proceeds to fund affordable housing, community facilities, small businesses, nonprofit organizations, consumer finance, and other eligible financing extended by such CDFIs. Each disbursement made by the Company will bear interest at a rate of per annum and will be due quarterly from OFN. The outstanding principal, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, for each disbursement becomes due and payable years following the disbursement date. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made loan disbursement of million. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company made loan disbursement of million. As of September 30, 2024, the note receivable from OFN totaled million and is recorded under other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Note 8. 
 shares of Class A common stock, plus (b) shares that are subject to issuance upon exercise of options granted under the 2018 Plan prior to the Closing but which, after the Closing, cease to be subject to the option for any reason other than exercise of the option, (c) shares that are subject to awards granted under the 2018 Plan prior to the Closing that, after the Closing, are forfeited or are repurchased by the Company at the original issue price, (d) shares that are subject to awards granted under the 2018 Plan prior to the Closing that, after the Closing, otherwise terminate without such shares being issued, and (e) shares that, after the Closing, are used to pay the exercise price of a stock option issued under the 2018 Plan prior to the Closing or are withheld to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to any award issued under the 2018 Plan prior to the Closing. The number of shares available for grant and issuance under the 2021 Plan will increase automatically on January 1 of each of 2022 through 2031 by the number of shares equal to the lesser of (i) five percent of the number of shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) of Class A common stock and Class B common stock issued and outstanding on each December 31 immediately prior to the date of increase, or (ii) such number of shares determined by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In November 2021, the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders approved the Company s 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2021 ESPP ). Over a series of offering periods, each of which may consist of one or more purchase periods, eligible employees will be offered the option to purchase shares of Class A common stock at of the lesser of the fair market value of Class A common stock on (i) the first business day of the applicable offering period and (ii) the date of purchase. Under the 2021 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Class A common stock for issuance, and the aggregate number of shares reserved will increase automatically on January 1 of each of 2022 through 2031 by the number of shares equal to the lesser of (i) one percent of the total number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock as of the immediately preceding December 31, or (ii) a number of shares as may be determined by the Company s Board of Directors. The aggregate number of shares issued over the term of the 2021 ESPP, subject to adjustments for stock-splits, recapitalizations, or similar events, may not exceed shares. In February 2022, the Company commenced its first offering period under the 2021 ESPP. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and shares of Class A common stock were purchased under the 2021 ESPP, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and shares of Class A common stock were purchased under the 2021 ESPP, respectively. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On May 31, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized and approved a share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program to repurchase up to million in aggregate of the Company s Class A common stock, with the authorization to expire on June 30, 2024. Repurchases of Class A common stock under the Share Repurchase Program may be made from time to time, on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or by other methods, and in accordance with the limitations set forth in Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and other applicable legal requirements. The timing of any repurchases will depend on market conditions and other investment opportunities, and will be made at the Company s discretion. The Share Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be extended, modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. On February 21, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors authorized and approved an increase of million to the Share Repurchase Program and extended the expiration date to March 31, 2026. 
 When the Company repurchases shares under the Share Repurchase Program, it reduces the common stock component of stockholders equity by the par value of the repurchased shares. The excess of the repurchase price over par value is recorded to additional paid-in capital. All repurchased shares are retired and become authorized and unissued shares. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and retired and shares of Class A common stock at an average purchase price of and per share for an aggregate repurchase price of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company did repurchase or retire any shares of its Class A common stock. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million available for future share repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 Stock Options and RSUs 
 The Company may grant options to acquire shares of Class A common stock to employees, directors, officers, and consultants at a price not less than the fair market value of the shares at the date of grant. Options granted to a person who, at the time of the grant, owns more than of the voting power of all classes of stock shall be at no less than of the fair market value and expire from the date of grant. All other options generally have a contractual term of . Options granted generally vest on a monthly basis over two to . RSUs granted for Class A common stock generally vest on a quarterly basis over two to . 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 Vested or expected to vest at September 30, 2024 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 per share and per share during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The intrinsic value of the options exercised was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. RSUs granted RSUs vested ) RSUs forfeited ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 

Market-based PSUs 
 On April 3, 2024, the Company granted its Chief Executive Officer a market-based performance stock unit PSU award of approximately million shares of the Company s Class A common stock. The PSUs will vest based on stock price targets achieved over a period. PSUs that have not vested at the end of the applicable performance period will be forfeited. The vesting of the award is subject to the grantee s continuous employment with the Company as Chief Executive Officer or Executive Chair and other customary provisions pursuant to the Company s 2021 Plan. The award had a grant date fair value of approximately million, calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model and recognized over the derived service period using the graded-vesting method. Compensation cost is not adjusted in future periods for subsequent changes in the expected outcome of market related conditions. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized approximately million and million of stock-based compensation expense in connection with this award, respectively. 
 Valuation Assumptions 
 - 
 - 
 Expected term (in years) - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Expected dividend yield Fair value of common stock per share - 
 - 
 Market-based PSUs 
 Expected volatility Expected term (in years) Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Note 9.) Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 Unvested RSUs Shares issuable pursuant to the ESPP Total 
 
 Note 10. 
 million and million, respectively, both of which were primarily related to foreign taxes. The Company recorded an income tax expense for the nine 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, both of which were primarily related to foreign taxes. 
 
 Note 11. 
 International Total 
 
 Substantially all of the Company s long-lived assets are located in the United States. 
 
 Note 12. 
 of the Company s full-time employees. The Company incurred one-time charges of approximately million in connection with the plan, consisting primarily of cash expenditures for severance payments, employee benefits, and related costs. The execution of the plan was substantially complete by the end of the second quarter of 2024. In addition, in June 2024 the Company ceased occupying and abandoned certain floors of its leased headquarters in San Francisco in order to adjust its office space footprint to better align with the needs of its work model. As a result, the Company recorded impairment charges of million for the related operating lease right-of-use assets, leasehold improvements and furniture and fixtures. 
 No restructuring charges were incurred in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Sales and marketing General and administrative Total 
 (1) Office space reductions are primarily non-cash and include impairment charges related to operating lease right-of-use assets, leasehold improvements and furniture and fixtures. 
 Liabilities and remaining charges under the plan were as of September 30, 2024, included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information which our management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read together with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors or in other parts of this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Overview 
 Nextdoor is the essential neighborhood network, connecting users, businesses, and public agencies to the neighborhoods that matter to them. As a purpose-driven company, Nextdoor leverages technology to cultivate a kinder world where everyone has a neighborhood they can rely on both online and in the real world. As of September 30, 2024, Nextdoor was in more than 340,000 neighborhoods around the world and in 1 in 3 households in the United States. 
 Key business metrics for the three months ended September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 Weekly Active Users WAUs were 45.9 million, an increase of 13 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Average revenue per weekly active user ARPU was 1.43, an increase of 3 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Financial Results as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 Revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 65.6 million, an increase of 17 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 182.0 million, an increase of 12 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Total costs and expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 86.4 million, a decrease of 14 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Total costs and expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 286.6 million, a decrease of less than 1 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 61 to 14.9 million, compared to 38.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 20 to 85.9 million, compared to 107.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Adjusted EBITDA loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 93 to 1.3 million, compared to 19.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Adjusted EBITDA loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 65 to 21.3 million, compared to 60.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were 424.7 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 See Non-GAAP Financial Measure below for more information and for a reconciliation of net loss, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 
 Key Business Metrics 
 In addition to the measures presented in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, we use the following key business metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, develop financial forecasts, and make strategic decisions: 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Weekly Active Users (WAU) 
 We define a WAU as a Nextdoor user who opens our application, logs on to our website, or engages with an email with monetizable content at least once during a defined 7-day period. 1 We calculate average WAUs for a particular period by calculating the count of unique users, on a rolling basis for the past seven days, for each day of that period, and dividing that sum by the number of days in that period. We assess the health of our business by measuring WAUs because we believe that weekly usage best captures the cadence at which we expect a healthy user base to engage with, and derive the most utility from our platform, and by extension their neighborhood. We also present WAUs by geography because we are more advanced in engagement and monetization in the United States than internationally. 
 In September 2021, Apple released changes to the Apple email client available on its operating systems, including iOS 15 and iPadOS 15, which limit our ability to measure user engagement with emails containing monetizable content for users that use the Apple email client. The introduction of these changes impacts our ability to accurately calculate a portion of WAUs for periods following the adoption of the updated operating systems. Following this introduction, we use estimates for these user engagement numbers based on historical data sets, as well as data from users who engage with Nextdoor s monetizable content on email clients other than Apple email. 
 Our WAU for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 45.9 million and 40.4 million, respectively, which represents 13 growth period over period. 
 Quarterly Average Weekly Active Users 
 (in millions) 

1 Emails with monetizable content are emails with a primary purpose to regularly inform users about topics that are relevant to them, and are therefore appropriate for delivering ads to users. These emails comprise almost all of the emails that we send our users and include, but are not limited to, new, trending and top posts, weekly and anytime digests, welcome emails and urgent and emergency alerts. We earn revenue from delivery of ad impressions in emails with monetizable content on either a cost per thousand CPM basis, a cost per click CPC basis or on a fixed-fee basis. While we have the ability to serve ads in all emails with monetizable content, we currently only do so on a portion of the total. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Average Revenue per Weekly Active User (ARPU) 
 We generate revenue primarily from advertising. We measure monetization of our platform through our ARPU metric. We define ARPU as our total revenue in that geography during a period divided by the average of the number of WAUs in that geography during the same period. We present ARPU on a U.S. and international basis because we are more advanced in our monetization in the United States than internationally. 
 U.S. ARPU is higher primarily due to our decision to focus our earliest monetization efforts there, the size and maturity of our audience in the United States, as well the size of the U.S. advertising market. For purposes of calculating ARPU, revenue by user geography is apportioned to each region based on a determination of the location of the account where the revenue-generating activities occur. Our ARPU for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1.43 and 1.39, respectively, with the increase due to growth in both revenue and WAU. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Quarterly ARPU 

Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue from the delivery of advertisements on our platform which includes the delivery of advertising impressions sold on a CPM basis and CPC basis, as well as on a fixed-fee basis. The majority of our revenue is generated in the United States. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses associated with the delivery of our revenue generating activities, including the third-party cost of hosting our platform and allocated personnel-related costs, which include salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for employees engaged in development of our revenue generating products. Cost of revenue also includes third-party 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 costs associated with delivering and supporting our advertising products and credit card transaction fees related to processing customer transactions. 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits, restructuring costs, and stock-based compensation for our employees engaged in research and development, as well as costs for consultants, contractors and third-party software. In addition, allocated overhead costs, such as facilities, information technology, and depreciation are included in research and development expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Sales and marketing expenses consist of personnel-related and other costs which include salaries, commissions, benefits, restructuring costs, and stock-based compensation for employees engaged in sales and marketing activities as well as other costs including third-party consulting, public relations, allocated overhead costs, and amortization of acquired intangible assets. Sales and marketing expenses also include brand and performance marketing for both user and local business acquisition, and neighbor services, which includes personnel-related costs for our neighbor support team, our outsourced neighbor support function, and verification costs. 
 Performance marketing costs related to user acquisition largely consist of the distribution of mailed invitations and digital advertising. Performance marketing costs related to small and mid-sized customer acquisition largely consists of digital advertising and, to a lesser extent, direct mail campaigns. Fluctuations in our performance marketing expenses are driven by a variety of factors, including but not limited to: our target geographies, whether we are acquiring users or businesses, assessment of return on investment of marketing spend, strategic priorities, and seasonal factors. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits, restructuring costs, and stock-based compensation for certain executives, finance, legal, information technology, human resources, and other administrative employees. In addition, general and administrative expenses include fees and costs for professional services, including consulting, third-party legal and accounting services, and allocated overhead costs. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of unrealized gains and losses from the re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies, and gains and losses on marketable securities and foreign currency transactions. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes consists primarily of income taxes related to foreign and state jurisdictions in which we conduct business. We maintain a full valuation allowance on our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets as we have concluded that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The results of operations presented below should be reviewed in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. The following table sets forth our unaudited condensed consolidated results of operations for the periods presented. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 65,610 56,092 182,048 162,752 Costs and expenses (1) : 
 Cost of revenue 11,129 10,723 31,387 31,074 Research and development 31,897 39,649 94,318 109,748 Sales and marketing 26,158 30,564 86,468 91,159 General and administrative 17,203 19,532 74,417 55,401 Total costs and expenses 86,387 100,468 286,590 287,382 Loss from operations (20,777) (44,376) (104,542) (124,630) Interest income 5,804 6,766 19,059 18,635 Other income (expense), net 243 (217) 226 (526) Loss before income taxes (14,730) (37,827) (85,257) (106,521) Provision for income taxes 168 289 683 714 Net loss (14,898) (38,116) (85,940) (107,235) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of revenue 729 835 1,964 2,311 Research and development 9,776 12,107 28,217 31,804 Sales and marketing 2,233 3,582 7,144 9,140 General and administrative 5,702 6,819 16,856 17,480 Total 18,440 23,343 54,181 60,735 
 The following table sets forth the components of our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of revenue for each of the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (as a percentage of total revenue) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 100 100 100 100 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue 17 19 17 19 Research and development 49 71 52 67 Sales and marketing 40 54 47 56 General and administrative 26 35 41 34 Total costs and expenses 132 179 157 177 Loss from operations (32) (79) (57) (77) Interest income 9 12 10 11 Other income (expense), net Loss before income taxes (22) (67) (47) (65) Provision for income taxes 1 Net loss (23) (68) (47) (66) 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Note: Certain figures may not sum due to rounding. 
 
 Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 65,610 56,092 9,518 17 182,048 162,752 19,296 12 
 Revenue increased by 9.5 million, or 17 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increased advertiser spending as well as increased user engagement as measured by a 13 increase in Q3 WAUs. ARPU increased 3 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting year-over-year growth in both revenue and WAUs. 
 Revenue increased by 19.3 million, or 12 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increased advertiser spending as well as increased user engagement as measured by a 13 increase in Q3 WAUs. Year-to-date ARPU increased 4 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting year-over-year growth in both revenue and WAUs. 
 Cost of revenue 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of revenue 11,129 10,723 406 4 31,387 31,074 313 1 
 Cost of revenue increased by 0.4 million, or 4 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 0.5 million increase in third-party hosting costs. 
 Cost of revenue increased by 0.3 million, or 1 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 0.8 million increase in third-party hosting costs and a 0.6 million increase in third-party costs associated with delivering and supporting our advertising product, partially offset by a 1.2 million decrease in allocated personnel-related costs. 
 Research and development 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Research and development 31,897 39,649 (7,752) (20) 94,318 109,748 (15,430) (14) 
 Research and development expenses decreased by 7.8 million, or 20 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 7.1 million decrease in personnel-related costs, primarily driven by a decrease in headcount, and a 0.5 million decrease in allocated overhead costs driven by the decrease in headcount. 
 Research and development expenses decreased by 15.4 million, or 14 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 15.6 million decrease in personnel-related costs, inclusive of restructuring costs, primarily driven by a decrease in headcount. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and marketing 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Personnel-related and other 17,155 23,594 (6,439) (27) 60,571 67,531 (6,960) (10) Brand and performance marketing 6,322 3,925 2,397 61 17,880 14,961 2,919 20 Neighbor services 2,681 3,045 (364) (12) 8,017 8,667 (650) (7) Total sales and marketing 26,158 30,564 (4,406) (14) 86,468 91,159 (4,691) (5) 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 4.4 million, or 14 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 6.4 million decrease in personnel-related costs, primarily driven by a decrease in headcount, and a 0.4 million decrease in neighbor services, partially offset by a 1.3 million increase in performance marketing costs to attract local businesses and a 1.1 million increase in performance marketing costs for user acquisition. 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 4.7 million, or 5 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 7.0 million decrease in personnel-related costs, inclusive of restructuring costs, primarily driven by a decrease in headcount, and a 0.7 million decrease in neighbor services, partially offset by a 1.6 million increase in performance marketing costs to attract local businesses and a 1.3 million increase in performance marketing costs for user acquisition. 
 General and administrative 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 General and administrative 17,203 19,532 (2,329) (12) 74,417 55,401 19,016 34 
 General and administrative expenses decreased by 2.3 million, or 12 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 1.9 million decrease in personnel-related costs primarily driven by a decrease in headcount and a 0.4 million decrease in insurance expenses. 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 19.0 million, or 34 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 23.3 million increase in restructuring costs, inclusive of 22.7 million of impairment costs related to office space reductions, partially offset by a 1.7 million decrease in personnel-related costs primarily driven by a decrease in headcount, a 1.1 million decrease in insurance expenses, and a 0.9 million decrease in professional fees. 
 Interest income 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands, except percentages) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income 5,804 6,766 (962) (14) 19,059 18,635 424 2 
 Interest income decreased by 1.0 million, or 14 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was driven by lower returns on marketable securities as a result of lower invested balances partially offset by higher interest rates. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Interest income increased by 0.4 million, or 2 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was driven by higher returns on marketable securities as a result of higher interest rates partially offset by lower invested balances. 
 Other income (expense), net 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Other income (expense), net 243 (217) 460 NM 226 (526) 752 NM 
 Other income (expense), net increased by 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the periodic re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies and gains and losses on marketable securities and foreign currency transactions. 
 Other income (expense), net increased by 0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the periodic re-measurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies and gains and losses on marketable securities and foreign currency transactions. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands, except percentages) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Provision for income taxes 168 289 (121) (42) 683 714 (31) (4) 
 Provision for income taxes decreased by 0.1 million, or 42 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in foreign income tax expenses. 
 Provision for income taxes decreased by less than 0.1 million, or 4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in foreign income tax expenses. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since inception, we have generated negative cash flows from operations and have primarily financed our operations from net proceeds received from the sale of equity securities, proceeds from the Business Combination, and payments received from our customers. We currently have no debt outstanding. 
 We have generated losses from our operations, as reflected in our accumulated deficit of 852.0 million as of September 30, 2024. We incurred operating losses and cash outflows from operations by supporting the growth of our business. We expect these losses and operating cash outflows to continue for the foreseeable future. We also expect to incur significant research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses over the next several years in connection with the continued development and strategic expansion of our business. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 424.7 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We anticipate satisfying our short-term cash requirements, including meeting our working capital and capital expenditure requirements, with our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. In the long term, we may satisfy our cash requirements with cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities on hand or with proceeds from any future equity or debt financings. Our ability to support our requirements and plans for cash, including working capital and capital expenditure requirements, will depend on many factors, including the rate of our revenue growth, the timing and extent of spending on research and development efforts and other business initiatives, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced product offerings and features, the continuing market adoption of our platform, the number of shares repurchased under our share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program ), and our ability to obtain equity or debt financing. Moreover, any instability in the U.S. or international banking systems may impact liquidity both in the short term and long term. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 To the extent existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are insufficient to fund our working capital and capital expenditure requirements, or should we require additional cash for other purposes, we may attempt to raise additional capital through the sale of equity or debt securities. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights of our Class A and Class B common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. Any future indebtedness we incur may result in terms that could also be unfavorable to our equity investors. There can be no assurances that we will be able to raise additional capital on terms we deem acceptable, or at all. The inability to raise additional capital as and when required would have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our results of operations, financial condition, and ability to achieve our business objectives. 
 
 On May 31, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized and approved the Share Repurchase Program to repurchase up to 100.0 million in aggregate of our Class A common stock, with the authorization to expire on June 30, 2024. The timing of any repurchases will depend on market conditions and other investment opportunities, and will be made at our discretion. The Share Repurchase Program does not obligate us to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be extended, modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. On February 21, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized and approved an increase of 150.0 million to the Share Repurchase Program and extended the expiration date to March 31, 2026. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased and retired 7.5 million and 30.0 million shares of Class A common stock at an average purchase price of 2.64 and 2.44 per share for an aggregate repurchase price of 19.8 million and 73.3 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had 99.5 million available for future share repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash used in operating activities (31,958) (44,336) Net cash provided by investing activities 93,410 40,188 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (72,073) 8,455 
 Operating activities 
 Cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 32.0 million which resulted from a net loss of 85.9 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 76.2 million and net cash outflows of 22.2 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of 54.2 million of stock-based compensation expense, 22.8 million of non-cash impairment charges related to lease abandonment, and 3.3 million of depreciation and amortization expense, partially offset by 4.9 million of accretion on investments. The net cash outflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities were primarily due to an 8.9 million decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities, a 6.4 million increase in prepaid expenses and other assets, a 4.9 million decrease in operating lease liabilities due to lease payments, a 3.4 million increase in accounts receivable, and a 1.7 million decrease in accounts payable. These amounts were partially offset by a 3.1 million decrease in operating lease right-of-use assets due to normal amortization. 
 Cash used in operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 44.3 million which resulted from a net loss of 107.2 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of 58.9 million and net cash inflows of 4.0 million from changes in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of 60.7 million of stock-based compensation expense and 4.4 million of depreciation and amortization expense, partially offset by 6.5 million of accretion on investments. The net cash inflows from changes in operating assets and liabilities were primarily due to a 3.5 million decrease in operating lease right-of-use assets due to normal amortization, a 3.4 million increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities, and a 2.8 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets. These amounts were partially offset by a 4.2 million decrease in operating lease liabilities due to lease payments, a 1.2 million decrease in accounts payable, and a 0.3 million increase in accounts receivable. 
 Investing activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 93.4 million, which consisted of proceeds from maturities of marketable securities of 158.4 million and proceeds from sales of marketable securities of 138.4 million. This was partially offset by purchases of marketable securities of 195.6 million and a loan to Opportunity Finance Network of 7.5 million. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 40.2 million, which consisted of proceeds from maturities of marketable securities of 416.6 million and proceeds from sales of marketable securities of 81.3 million. This was partially offset by purchases of marketable securities of 454.9 million and a loan to Opportunity Finance Network of 2.5 million. 
 Financing activities 
 Cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 72.1 million, which consisted of repurchases of common stock of 73.3 million and tax withholdings on release of restricted stock units of 11.4 million. This was partially offset by proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 11.5 million and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan of 1.1 million. 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 8.5 million, which consisted of 6.7 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and 2.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan. This was partially offset by tax withholdings on release of restricted stock units of 0.2 million. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that represents our net loss adjusted for depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, net interest income, provision for income taxes, and any restructuring charges or acquisition-related costs. 
 We use Adjusted EBITDA in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of our overall assessment of our performance, including the preparation of our annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies and to communicate with our Board of Directors concerning our financial performance. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is also helpful to investors, analysts, and other interested parties because it can assist in providing a more consistent and comparable overview of our operations across our historical financial periods. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, however, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Because of these limitations, you should consider Adjusted EBITDA alongside other financial performance measures, including net loss and our other GAAP results. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by the types of items excluded from the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is not presented in accordance with GAAP and the use of this term varies from others in our industry. 
 The following is a reconciliation of net loss, the most comparable GAAP measure, to Adjusted EBITDA: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (14,898) (38,116) (85,940) (107,235) Depreciation and amortization 777 1,451 3,307 4,356 Stock-based compensation 18,440 23,343 54,181 60,735 Interest income (5,804) (6,766) (19,059) (18,635) Provision for income taxes 168 289 683 714 Restructuring charges 25,517 Adjusted EBITDA (1,317) (19,799) (21,311) (60,065) 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Preparing condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies requiring estimates, assumptions, and judgments as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for more information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial condition due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 49.7 million and marketable securities of 375.0 million. Our cash and cash equivalents consist of cash in bank accounts, demand deposits, and money market funds. The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal and provide liquidity without significantly increasing risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Due to the relatively short-term nature of our investment portfolio, a hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair value of our portfolio for the periods presented. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 The functional currency of our international subsidiaries is generally their local currency. Our sales are typically denominated in the local currency of the country in which the sale was made. The majority of our revenue is denominated in U.S. Dollars. As such, our revenue is not currently exposed to significant foreign currency risk. Our operating expenses are generally denominated in the currency of the countries in which the operations are located, and are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the British Pound, the Euro, Canadian Dollar, and the Australian Dollar. Our consolidated results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. We do not believe a 10 change in the relative value of the U.S. Dollar would have materially affected our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the periods presented. To date, we have not had a formal hedging program with respect to foreign currency, but we may do so in the future if our exposure to foreign currency should become more significant. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, and have concluded that, based on such evaluation, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 at the reasonable assurance level to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues within a company are detected. The inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are currently a party to, and may from time to time in the future, be involved in, various litigation matters and subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, including claims asserted by third parties in the form of letters and other communications. For more information regarding legal proceedings and other claims in which we are involved, see Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies, to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Quarterly Report, including the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to purchase shares of our Class A common stock. You should also carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Quarterly Report, including matters addressed in the above section entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. Unless otherwise indicated, references in these risk factors to our business being harmed will include harm to our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. In such event, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business and are still scaling up our monetization efforts, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and there is no assurance we will be able to scale our business for future growth. 
 We commenced operating the Nextdoor platform in 2011 and began supporting the platform with advertising in 2016. Moreover, we recently introduced our NEXT initiative, a planned complete transformation of our platform with the goal of making our platform more robust and engaging for users, as well as more compelling for advertisers. Our limited operating history at the current scale of our business may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects. We have encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly evolving industries, including challenges in accurate financial planning and forecasting, increasing competition and expenses as we effectively scale our business, and our ability to achieve market acceptance of our platform and attract, engage and retain users, who we call neighbors (which includes individuals) and organizations (which includes businesses and public agencies, including paying customers such as advertisers). You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties that we may encounter as a business with a limited operating history. We cannot ensure that we will be successful in addressing these and other challenges we may face in the future, and our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected if we do not manage these risks successfully. We may not be able to sustain or increase our current rate of growth, which is a risk characteristic often shared by companies with limited operating histories participating in rapidly evolving industries. 
 
 Additionally, we are still in the early stages of monetizing our platform. Our growth strategy depends on, among other things, increasing neighbors on the network, increasing engagement, developing new and improving existing products for neighbors and organizations, attracting more advertisers (including expanding our sales efforts to reach advertisers in additional international markets), scaling our business with existing advertisers, and delivering targeted advertisements based on neighbors personal taste and interests. Given the current macroeconomic environment, it may be more difficult for us to capitalize on our growth strategies. There can be no assurance that we will successfully increase monetization on our platform or that we will sustain or increase the current growth rate of our revenue. 
 
 Adverse global economic and financial conditions could harm our business and financial condition. 
 Adverse global economic and financial events and the effects thereof, such as health epidemics or pandemics, the war in Ukraine and the Middle East, inflation, changing interest rates, potential recessions, the 2024 U.S. election, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, actual or perceived instability in the global banking system, supply chain issues and inventory and labor shortages, have caused, and could in the future cause, disruptions and volatility in global financial markets. These conditions have in the past and may in the future translate to cost increases to us and advertisers and lead to decreased spending by our advertisers. In addition, since the majority of our 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 revenue is derived from advertisers within the United States, economic conditions in the United States have a greater impact on us. We may not perform well in adverse macroeconomic conditions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We currently generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. If advertisers reduce or eliminate their spending with us, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely impacted. 
 Substantially all of our revenue is currently generated from the sales of advertising on our platform in the form of online display advertisements, which include sponsored posts and local deals. Our advertisers typically do not have long-term advertising spend commitments with us. Many of our advertisers spend only a relatively small portion of their overall advertising budget with us. In addition, advertisers may view some of the features on our platform as experimental and unproven. Advertisers will not continue to do business with us, or they will reduce the prices they are willing to pay to advertise with us, if we do not deliver advertisements in an effective manner, or if advertisers do not believe that their investment in advertising with us will generate a competitive return relative to alternatives. Our ability to attract and retain advertisers, and ultimately generate revenue, may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including but not limited to: 
 decreases in neighbor or advertiser engagement on the platform; 
 slower than anticipated growth in, or lack of growth or decreases in, the number of neighbors active on the platform; 
 the impact of macroeconomic conditions, whether in the advertising industry in general, among specific types of advertisers or within particular geographies, including but not limited to the 2024 U.S. election, health epidemics or pandemics, actual or perceived instability in the global banking system, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, a potential recession, inflation and changing interest rates; 
 platform changes (such as the migration to our proprietary ad server) or inventory management decisions that change the size, format, frequency, or relative prominence of advertisements displayed on the platform; 
 competitors offering more attractive pricing for advertisements that we are unable or unwilling to match; 
 a decrease in the quantity or quality of advertisements shown to neighbors; 
 changes to laws, third-party policies or applications that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of advertising, including changes by mobile operating system and browser providers such as Apple and Google; 
 changes to demographics of our neighbors that make us less attractive to advertisers; 
 an increase in neighbors who exercise opt-out rights under privacy laws to restrict the advertisements they receive; 
 neighbors that upload content or take other actions that are deemed to be hostile, inappropriate, illicit, objectionable, illegal, or otherwise not consistent with the brand of our advertisers; 
 adverse government actions or legislative, regulatory, or other legal developments; 
 neighbor behavior or changes to the platform that may affect, among other things, the safety and security of other neighbors or the cultivation of a positive and inclusive online community; 
 adverse media reports or other negative publicity involving us; 
 implementing or enforcing policies, such as advertising policies, community guidelines, and other terms or service that are perceived negatively by advertisers; 
 our ability to develop and improve our products for advertisers; 
 limitations in, or reductions to, the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that are intended to demonstrate the value of our advertisements to advertisers; and 
 changes to our data privacy practices that affect the type or manner of advertising that we are able to provide, including as a result of changes to laws, regulations or regulatory actions, such as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), European Directive 2002/58/EC (the ePrivacy Directive ), the United Kingdom Data Protection Act UK GDPR ), the UK 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Data Protection Act 2018, the CCPA, Nevada s Online Privacy Law, the CDPA, the VCPDA, the CPRA, and other U.S. state privacy laws, or changes to third-party policies. 
 
 From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or other factors in the future could result in a reduction in demand for our advertisements, which may reduce the prices we receive for our advertisements, or cause advertisers to stop or reduce their spend with us, either of which would negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Similar occurrences in the future may impair our ability to maintain or increase the quantity or quality of advertisements shown to neighbors and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our ability to attract and retain advertisers depends on our ability to collect and use data and develop products to enable us to effectively deliver and accurately measure advertisements on the Nextdoor platform. 
 Most advertisers rely on tools that measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns in order to allocate their advertising spend among various formats and platforms. If we are unable to accurately measure the effectiveness of advertising on our platform, if at all, or if we are unable to convince advertisers that our platform should be part of a larger advertising budget, our ability to increase the demand and pricing of our advertising tools and maintain or scale our revenue may be limited or decline. Our ability to develop and offer products that accurately measure the effectiveness of a campaign on our platform is critical to our ability to attract new advertisers and retain, and increase spend from, our existing advertisers. 
 We are continually developing and improving our products for advertisers and such efforts have and are likely to continue to require significant time and resources and additional investment, and in some cases, we have relied on, and may in the future rely on, third parties to provide data and technology needed to provide certain measurement data to our advertisers. If we cannot continue to develop and improve our products for advertisers in a timely fashion, those products are not reliable, or the measurement results are inconsistent with advertiser s expectations or goals, our revenue could be adversely affected. 
 In addition, web and mobile browser developers, such as Apple, Microsoft or Google, have implemented and may continue to implement changes, including requiring additional user permissions, in their browser or device operating system that impair our ability to measure and improve the effectiveness of advertising on our platform. Such changes include limiting the use of first-party and third-party cookies and related tracking technologies, such as mobile advertising identifiers, and other changes that limit our ability to collect information that allows us to attribute neighbors actions on advertisers websites to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns run on our platform. For example, Apple has its Intelligent Tracking Prevention ITP feature in its Safari browser, which blocks some or all third-party cookies by default on mobile and desktop and has become increasingly restrictive over time. Apple s related Privacy-Preserving Ad Click attribution, intended to preserve some of the functionality lost with ITP, would, for example, prevent uniquely identifying individuals and devices across sites for the purpose of Ad Click attribution, prevent measurement outside a narrowly-defined attribution window, and prevent advertisement re-targeting and optimization. Further, Apple uses an App Tracking Transparency framework that limits the ability of mobile applications to request an iOS device s advertising identifier and affects our ability to track neighbors actions off our platform and connect their interactions with on-platform advertising. Google recently went back on its plans to phase out third-party cookies, but is exploring ways to allow users to make browser-level privacy choices that could impact our advertising. These web and mobile browser developers have also implemented and may continue to implement changes and restrictions in browser or device functionality that limit our ability to communicate with or understand the identity of our neighbors. 
 These restrictions and changes make it more difficult for us to provide the most relevant advertisements to our neighbors, as well as decrease our ability to measure the effectiveness of, re-target or optimize advertising on our platform. Developers may release additional technology that further inhibits our ability to collect data that allows us to measure the effectiveness of advertising on our platform. Any other restriction, whether by law, regulation, policy (including third-party policies), user opt-outs or otherwise, on our ability to collect and share data which our advertisers find useful or that further reduce our ability to measure the effectiveness of advertising on our platform, would impede our ability to attract, grow and retain advertisers. Advertisers and other third parties who provide data that helps us deliver personalized, relevant advertising may restrict or stop sharing this data and it therefore may not be possible for us to collect this data within the platform or from another source. 
 We rely heavily on our ability to collect and share data and metrics for our advertisers to help new and existing advertisers understand the performance of advertising campaigns. If advertisers do not perceive our metrics to be accurate representations of our neighbors and neighbor engagement, or there are inaccuracies in our metrics, advertisers may decrease or eliminate allocations of their budgets or resources to our platform, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 If we fail to add new neighbors or retain current neighbors, or if current neighbors engage less with the Nextdoor platform, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely impacted. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The number of neighbors that use the Nextdoor platform and their level of engagement on the platform are critical to our success. We must continue to engage and retain existing neighbors on our platform as well as attract, engage and retain new neighbors. The number of neighbors on the Nextdoor platform may not continue to grow at historical growth rates or at all, and it may even decline. In order to attract new neighbors, we must engage with neighbors in existing neighborhoods on our platform and add new neighborhoods to the Nextdoor platform, both domestically and internationally. If our neighbor growth rate slows or reverses, our financial performance will be adversely impacted unless we can increase our engagement with our existing neighbors and our monetization efforts to offset any such reduction or decrease in neighborhood growth rate. 
 
 If current and potential neighbors do not perceive their experience with the Nextdoor platform to be useful, the content generated on the platform to be valuable or relevant or the social connections with fellow neighbors to be worthwhile, we may not be able to attract new neighbors, retain existing neighbors or maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement on our platform. In addition, if our existing neighbors decrease the frequency or duration of their engagement or the growth rate of our active neighbor base slows or reverses, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenses than we currently anticipate in order to acquire new neighbors or retain current neighbors. We recently introduced our NEXT initiative, a planned complete transformation of our platform with the goal of making our platform more robust and engaging for users, as well as more compelling for advertisers. We may expend significant resources and management bandwidth on the implementation of this initiative, but those efforts may not be successful and may not result in the expected benefits, including increased neighbor satisfaction or engagement, or added neighbors on our platform. 
 
 There are many factors that could negatively impact our ability to grow, retain and engage current and prospective neighbors, including but not limited to: 
 neighbors increasing their engagement with competitors platforms, products or services instead of, or more frequently than, our platform; 
 changes in the amount of time neighbors spend across all applications and platforms, including our platform; 
 failing to introduce platform enhancements that neighbors find engaging or if we introduce new features, terms, policies or procedures, or make changes to our platform, including changes we are implementing with our NEXT initiative, that are not favorably received by current or prospective neighbors; 
 technical or other problems frustrating the neighbor experience, such as problems that prevent us from delivering our service in a fast and reliable manner; 
 neighbors having difficulty installing, updating or otherwise accessing the Nextdoor platform on mobile devices through the app or web browsers; 
 neighbor behavior on the Nextdoor platform changing, including a decrease in the quality and frequency of content shares on the platform; 
 decreases in neighbor or advertiser sentiment due to questions about the quality or usefulness of our platform, concerns about the nature of content made available on the platform, concerns related to privacy, safety, security, well-being or other factors; 
 changes mandated by legislation, government and regulatory authorities, or litigation that adversely impact our platform or neighbors; 
 failing to obtain or attract engaging third-party content; 
 third parties preventing their content from being displayed on the Nextdoor platform; 
 changes we may make to how we promote different features on our platform; 
 initiatives designed to attract and retain neighbors and engagement are unsuccessful or discontinued, whether as a result of actions by us, third parties, or otherwise; 
 we, or other partners and companies in the industry are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity; 
 we are unable to combat spam, harassment, cyberbullying or other hostile, inappropriate, abusive or offensive content or usage on our platform; or 
 we cannot preserve and enhance our brand and reputation as a trusted neighborhood networking community. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Any decrease in neighbor growth, retention or engagement could render our service less attractive to neighbors or advertisers, and could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, neighbor verification is a critical feature of our platform because it demonstrates that neighbors are real people and businesses in the neighborhood they desire to join. If we were to change our verification methods, that may adversely impact our ability to add new neighbors or retain existing neighbors. 
 Our business is highly competitive. Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. 
 We compete with companies that provide a variety of internet products, services, content, and online advertising. In addition, aspects of our platform compete with other products and services, including home services, classifieds, recommendations, and search engines. Of these companies, we most directly compete with social media companies that offer local products to advertisers and users, including large companies such as Meta (including through Facebook and Instagram) and Alphabet (including through Google), and other companies that provide home services, classifieds, recommendations, and search engines. We compete with these companies to attract, engage, and retain users and to attract and retain advertisers. If we introduce or acquire new products and services or evolve our platform in a way that subjects us to additional competition or as existing competitors introduce new products and services or evolve their platforms, we may fail to engage or retain neighbors or attract new neighbors, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Some of our current and potential competitors have substantially broader product or service offerings and leverage their relationships based on other products or services to gain additional share of advertising spend. They have large distributed sales forces and an increasing amount of control over mobile distribution channels. Many of these competitors economies of scale allow them to have access to larger volumes of data and platforms that are used on a more frequent basis than the Nextdoor platform, which may enable them to better understand their member base and develop and deliver more targeted advertising. Such competitors may not need to rely on third-party data, including data provided by advertisers, to effectively target the campaigns of advertisers, which could make their advertising products more attractive to advertisers than our platform if such third-party data ceases to be available to us, whether because of regulatory changes, privacy or cybersecurity concerns or other reasons. If our advertisers do not believe that our value proposition is as compelling as those of our competitors, we may not be able to attract new advertisers or retain existing ones, and our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 Our competitors may develop products, features, or services that are similar to our platform or that achieve greater acceptance, may undertake more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. Some competitors may gain a competitive advantage relative to us in areas where we operate, including by more effectively responding to changes to third-party products and policies or by integrating competing platforms, applications, or features into products they control such as mobile device operating systems, search engines, browsers, or e-commerce platforms. For example, Apple introduced changes starting with iOS 14.5 that limit our ability, and the ability of others in the digital advertising industry, to track individual users and devices, and target and measure advertisements effectively. Additionally, the Apple App Store guidelines require apps that support account creation to also allow users to delete their account within the app. This change has and may continue to impact our ability to retain users. As a result, our competitors may, and in some cases will, acquire and engage neighbors or generate advertising or other revenue at the expense of our efforts, which would negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, from time to time, we may take actions in response to competitive threats, but we cannot assure you that these actions will be successful or that they will not negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We believe that our ability to compete depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including: 
 the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our platform compared to our competitors products; 
 the size and composition of our neighbor base; 
 the engagement of neighbors with our platform and competing products; 
 first- and third-party data available to us relative to our competitors; 
 our ability to attract and retain advertisers who use our free or paid advertisements services; 
 the timing and market acceptance of developments and enhancements to our platform or our competitors products; 
 our safety and security efforts and our ability to protect neighbor data and to provide neighbors with control over their data; 
 our ability to distribute our platform to new and existing neighbors; 
 our ability to effectively monetize our platform; 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 the successful implementation of platform changes, such as the migration to our proprietary ad server, introduction of AI technologies into our platform, and NEXT initiative; 
 the frequency, size, format, quality, and relative prominence of the advertisements displayed by us or our competitors; 
 customer service and support efforts; 
 marketing and selling efforts, including our ability to measure the effectiveness of our advertisements and to provide advertisers with a compelling return on their investments; 
 our ability to establish and maintain publisher interest in integrating their content with our platform; 
 changes mandated by legislation, regulatory authorities, or litigation, some of which may have a disproportionate effect on us; 
 acquisitions or consolidation within our industry, which may result in more formidable competitors; 
 our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly software engineers, designers, and managers; 
 our ability to cost-effectively manage and grow our operations; and 
 our reputation and brand strength relative to those of our competitors. 
 If we are not able to compete effectively, our neighbor base and level of neighbor engagement may decrease, we may become less attractive to advertisers and our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our product offerings and technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in the availability of our platform could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of neighbors and engagement, and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our neighbors and to scale our product offerings is dependent upon the reliable performance of our platform and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our platform from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our platform is unavailable when neighbors attempt to access it, or if it does not load as quickly as expected, neighbors may not use our platform as often in the future, or at all, and our ability to serve advertisements may be disrupted, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. As the amount and types of information shared on our platform continues to grow and evolve, as the usage patterns of our communities continues to evolve, and as our internal operational demands continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy our needs. If we fail to continue to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands, neighbor engagement and revenue growth may be adversely impacted. Moreover, as we scale our platform and product offerings, including video and other platform features, that may place strain on our technical infrastructure, and we may also be unsuccessful in scaling our technical infrastructure to accommodate new product offerings and increased platform usage cost-effectively. In addition, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from earthquakes, fires, floods, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, pandemics, geopolitical conflict (including the current war in Ukraine and in the Middle East), other physical security threats, cyber-attacks, or other catastrophic events. If such an event were to occur, neighbors may be subject to service disruptions or outages and we may not be able to recover our technical infrastructure and neighbor data in a timely manner to restart or provide our services, which may adversely affect our financial results. In addition, the substantial amount of our employees are based in our headquarters located in San Francisco, California. If there is a catastrophic failure involving our systems or major disruptive event affecting our headquarters or the San Francisco area in general, we may be unable to operate our platform. 
 
 A substantial portion of our network infrastructure is provided by third parties, including AWS. We also rely on third parties for other technology related services, including certain AI functions. Any disruption or failure in the services we receive from these providers could impact the availability of our platform and could adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face may adversely affect our business, and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our reliance on and vulnerability to problems with the services they provide and increases in the costs of these services. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Any of these developments may result in interruptions in the availability or performance of our platform, result in neighbors ceasing to use our platform, require unfavorable changes to our platform, delay the introduction of future products, or otherwise adversely affect our reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 If we fail to scale our business effectively, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 We have experienced growth in recent years and expect to continue to invest strategically across our organization to support measured growth, while also scaling back certain areas of our business in response to changing economic conditions. Although we have experienced rapid growth historically, we may not return to prior growth rates or sustain our growth rates, nor can we assure you that our investments to support our growth or to manage expenses by scaling back other areas of our business will be successful. The effective scaling of our business will require us to invest financial and operational resources and the continuous dedication of our management team. 
 
 We may continue to expand our international operations into more countries in the future, which will place additional demands on our resources and operations. The growth and expansion of our business has placed, and continues to place, a significant strain on our management, operations, and financial and technical infrastructure. In the event of further growth of our business or in the number of our third-party relationships, our information technology systems or our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations. 
 
 Further, as we have grown, our business has become increasingly complex and may require more resources. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient and appropriate manner. Failure to manage growth effectively could result in increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new products and services or enhancing the platform, loss of neighbors and advertisers, or other operational difficulties, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. For example, as we expand our product offerings, including video, we may not be able to do so cost-effectively. Effectively managing our growth may also be more difficult to accomplish the longer that our employees, our advertisers, neighbors and the overall economy is impacted due to macroeconomic conditions and factors, including but not limited to the impacts related to the actual or perceived instability in the global banking system, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, a potential recession, the 2024 U.S. election, changing interest rates and inflation, and the war in Ukraine and the Middle East. 
 
 We may not be able to successfully implement or scale improvements to our systems, processes, and controls in an efficient or timely manner. Our controls, policies and procedures, including with respect to accounting, risk management, data privacy, cybersecurity, client on-boarding, transaction monitoring, and reliance on manual controls, among other compliance matters, remain under development and may not be consistently applied or fully effective to identify, monitor and manage all risks of our business as we continue to scale rapidly. In addition, our existing systems, processes, and controls may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud. We may also experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems, processes, and controls or in connection with third-party software licensed to help us with such improvements. Any future growth will continue to add complexity to our organization and require effective coordination throughout our organization. Failure to manage any future growth effectively could result in increased costs, cause difficulty or delays in attracting new neighbors or retaining or increasing the engagement of existing neighbors, cause difficulties in introducing new features, impact our ability to attract and retain talent or cause other operational difficulties, and any of these difficulties would adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, from time to time, we realign our resources and talent to implement stage-appropriate business strategies, which could include furloughs, layoffs and reductions in force. For example, in November 2023, in response to changing economic conditions and in an effort to support our growth, scale and profitability objectives, reduce our operational costs and improve our organizational efficiency, we executed a restructuring plan, which included a restructuring and reduction of the current workforce by approximately 25 . The restructuring plan was substantially completed by the end of the fourth quarter of 2023. On April 24, 2024, we performed an additional restructuring intended to refocus the Company for future growth. The plan impacted 38 of our full-time employees. The execution of the plan was substantially complete by the end of the second quarter of 2024. As part of the restructuring plan implemented in April 2024, the Company ceased occupying and abandoned certain floors of its leased headquarters in San Francisco in order to adjust its office space footprint to better align with the needs of its work model. If there are unforeseen expenses associated with such realignments in our business strategies, and we incur unanticipated charges or liabilities, then we may not be able to effectively realize the expected cost savings or other benefits of such actions. Failure to manage any growth or any scaling back of our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 If we or our industry generally are unable to provide a high-quality and secure customer experience in the various locales in which we operate, our brand could suffer reputational damage and our business results could be harmed. 
 Our business is largely driven by and reliant on customer trust. The reliability of our service, the security of personally identifiable and other sensitive information of our customers, and a responsive and effective customer support function are each critical elements for the maintenance of this trust. For example, any significant interruption in either our internal or our partners systems could reduce customer confidence in our services. In addition, any breach, or reported breach, of our systems, our information security policies, or legal requirements that results in a compromise of customer data or causes customers to believe their data has been compromised could have a significant negative effect on our business. Legal claims and regulatory enforcement actions could also arise in response to these events, which would further exacerbate erosion of customer trust and potentially result in operating losses and liabilities. 
 If we do not successfully anticipate market needs and develop products and services and platform enhancements that meet those needs, or if those products, services, and platform enhancements do not gain market acceptance, our business, operating results, and financial condition will be adversely impacted. 
 We may not be able to anticipate future market needs or be able to improve our platform or to develop new products and services or platform enhancements to meet such needs on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, our inability to diversify beyond our current offerings could adversely affect our business. Any new products or services or platform enhancements that we introduce, including by way of acquisitions, may not achieve any significant degree of market acceptance from current or potential neighbors, which would adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, the introduction of new products or services or platform enhancements may decrease neighbor engagement with our platform, thereby offsetting the benefit of even a successful product or service introduction, any of which could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We may not be successful in our AI initiatives, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. 
 We are continuing to make investments in AI initiatives, including to recommend relevant content across our products, enhance our advertising tools, and develop new product features using generative AI. AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition from other companies as well as an evolving regulatory landscape. These efforts, including the introduction of new products or changes to existing products, may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, ethical concerns, or other complications that could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. For example, the use of datasets to develop AI models, the content generated by AI systems, or the application of AI systems may be found to be insufficient, offensive, biased, or harmful, or violate current or future laws and regulations. Moreover, AI may give rise to litigation risk, including potential intellectual property or privacy liability. Furthermore, the integration of third-party AI models with our products and services relies on certain safeguards implemented by the third-party developers of the underlying AI models, including those related to the accuracy, bias, and other variables of the data, and these safeguards may be insufficient. If our offerings draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, such as AI solutions that have unintended consequences or are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, or if we are unable to develop effective internal policies and frameworks relating to the responsible development and use of AI models and systems, we may experience brand, reputational, and/or competitive harm, or could face legal liability. Moreover, our competitors may introduce AI technologies and features into their products and services that achieve greater market acceptance that ours. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 If our efforts to build strong brand identity and reputation are not successful, we may not be able to attract or retain neighbors, and our business, operating results, and financial condition will be adversely affected. 
 We believe that maintaining and enhancing the Nextdoor brand and reputation is critical to retaining and growing neighbors and advertisers on our platform. We anticipate that maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation will depend largely on our continued ability to provide high-quality, relevant, reliable, trustworthy and innovative features on our platform, which may require substantial investment and may not be successful. We may need to introduce new products, services and features or updates to our platform and features that require neighbors to agree to new terms of service that our neighbors do not like, which may negatively affect our brand and reputation. 
 Additionally, advertisements or actions of our advertisers may affect our brand and reputation if neighbors do not think the advertisements help them accomplish their objectives, view the advertisements as intrusive or misleading or have poor experiences with our advertisers. 
 Our brand and reputation may also be negatively affected by the content or actions of neighbors that are deemed to be hostile or inappropriate to other neighbors, by the actions of neighbors acting under false or inauthentic identities, by the use of our platform to disseminate misleading or false information, the use of our platform for fraudulent schemes and scams, or by the use of our service for 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 illicit, illegal or objectionable ends. We also may fail to respond expeditiously to the sharing of illegal, illicit or objectionable content on our service or objectionable practices by advertisers, or to otherwise address our neighbors concerns, which could erode confidence in our brand and damage our reputation. We expect that our ability to identify and respond to this content in a timely manner may decrease as the number of neighbors grows, as the amount of content on the platform increases or as we expand our product and service offerings on our platform. Any governmental or regulatory inquiry, investigation or action, including based on the appearance of illegal, illicit or objectionable content on our platform or the failure to comply with laws and regulations, could damage our brand and reputation, regardless of the outcome. 
 We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, media, legislative, governmental and regulatory scrutiny of our decisions. Any scrutiny regarding us, including regarding our data privacy, content moderation or other practices, platform changes, platform quality, litigation or regulatory action, or regarding the actions of our employees, neighbors, or advertisers or other issues, may harm our brand and reputation. In addition, scrutiny of other companies in our industry, including such companies data privacy, content moderation or other practices, could also have a negative impact on our brand and reputation. These concerns, whether actual or unfounded, may also deter neighbors or advertisers from using our platform. In addition, we may fail to adequately address the needs of neighbors and advertisers which could erode confidence in our brand and damage our reputation. If we fail to promote and maintain the Nextdoor brand or preserve our reputation, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 Unfavorable media coverage negatively affects our business from time to time. 
 Unfavorable publicity regarding us, for example regarding our privacy or cybersecurity practices, terms of service, advertising policies, platform changes, platform quality, litigation or regulatory activity, the actions of our advertisers, the use of our platform for illicit or objectionable ends, the substance or enforcement of our community standards, the actions of our neighbors, the quality and integrity of content shared on our platform, or the actions of other companies that provide similar services to us, has in the past, and could in the future, adversely affect our reputation. For example, we have been, and may in the future be, subject to negative publicity in connection with our handling of misinformation and other illicit or objectionable uses of our platform. Any such negative publicity could have an adverse effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of our neighbor base and advertiser demand for advertising on our platform, which could result in decreased revenue and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition, and we have experienced such adverse effects to varying degrees from time to time. 
 We may expand our international operations where we have limited operating experience and may be subject to increased business, regulatory, and economic risks that could seriously harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We plan to continue expanding our business operations abroad by opening new and expanding within existing neighborhoods outside of the United States. As of September 30, 2024, the Nextdoor platform was accessible in 11 countries (including the United States) and had over 340,000 neighborhoods. We may enter new international markets and expand in existing markets where we have limited or no experience in marketing, selling, advertising and deploying our platform or selling advertising. Any of our limited experience and infrastructure in such markets, individuals lack of familiarity with us or our platform, the existence of alternative platforms in such jurisdictions that offer similar products and services or the lack of a critical mass of potential neighbors in such markets may make it more difficult for us to effectively monetize any increase in neighbors in those markets, and may increase our costs without a corresponding increase in revenues. If we fail to deploy or manage our operations in international markets successfully, comply with international regulations or effectively monetize our platform in international markets to the same degree as we are able to monetize our efforts within the United States, our business, operating results and financial conditions will be adversely affected. In the future, if our international operations increase, or more of our expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, our operating results may be more greatly affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates of the currencies in which we do business. In addition, as our international operations and sales to advertisers continue to grow, we will be subject to a variety of risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: 
 political, social and economic instability, including as a result of acts of war or terrorism, including the war in Ukraine and the Middle East; 
 risks related to the legal and regulatory environment in foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to privacy and data protection, and unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements, and enforcement; 
 potential damage to our brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including potential censorship and requirements to provide neighbor information to local authorities; 
 enhanced difficulty in reviewing content on the Nextdoor platform and enforcing community standards across different languages and countries; 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 foreign exchange controls and tax and other regulations and orders that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the United States or otherwise limit our ability to move cash freely, and impede our ability to invest such cash efficiently; 
 compliance with multiple U.S. and international tax jurisdictions and management of tax impact of global operations; 
 potentially higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud; 
 difficulties integrating any foreign acquisitions; 
 burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including laws related to taxation, content removal, data localization, data transfer, consents, payments, and regulatory oversight; 
 reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 
 different regulations and practices with respect to employee/employer relationships, existence of workers councils and labor unions, increase in labor costs due to high wage inflation in certain international jurisdictions, and other challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain international jurisdictions; and 
 difficulties in staffing and managing global operations and the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations. 
 In addition, we must manage the potential conflicts between locally accepted business practices in any given jurisdiction and our obligations to comply with laws and regulations, including anti-money laundering laws, anti-corruption laws or regulations applicable to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. We also must manage our obligations to comply with laws and regulations related to export controls, sanctions, and embargoes, including regulations established by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. Government agencies and authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal penalties they may seek to impose against companies for violations of anti-corruption laws or regulations, export controls, and other laws, rules, sanctions, embargoes, and regulations. Any failure by us to comply with local business practices or the laws and regulations applicable to us in the markets in which we operate may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Additionally, if we are unable to expand internationally and manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 If we need additional capital in the future, it may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. 
 We have historically relied on outside financing to fund our operations, capital expenditures and expansion. We may require additional capital from equity or debt financing in the future to support our growth, fund our operations or to respond to competitive pressures or strategic opportunities. We may not be able to secure timely additional financing on favorable terms, if at all. The current macroeconomic environment may make it more difficult to raise additional capital on favorable terms, if at all. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity, convertible debt securities or other securities convertible into equity, our existing stockholders, could suffer significant dilution in their percentage ownership, and any new securities that we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, including the ability to pay dividends. This may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms that are satisfactory to us, if and when we require financing, our ability to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges that we may face could be significantly limited. 
 
 We may make acquisitions, which could harm our financial condition or operating results and may adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. 
 As part of our business strategy, we have made, and may in the future make acquisitions to add specialized employees and complementary companies, products or technologies, data, and enter new geographic regions. Our previous and future acquisitions may not achieve our goals, and we may not realize benefits from acquisitions we make in the future. If we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, or the personnel or technologies associated with those acquisitions, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed. Any integration process will require significant time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. Our acquisition strategy may change over time and any future acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by neighbors, advertisers, investors or other parties with whom we do business. We may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology and accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition, including accounting charges. We may also 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 incur unanticipated liabilities that we assume as a result of acquiring companies. We may have to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, each of which could affect our financial condition or the value of our securities. In the future, we may not be able to find other suitable acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. Our acquisition strategy could require significant management attention, disrupt our business and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our business depends largely on our ability to attract, and retain and assimilate talented employees, including senior management. If we lose the services of or fail to successfully assimilate highly skilled personnel, key employees or members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute on our business strategy. 
 Our future success depends on our continuing ability to attract, train, assimilate, and retain highly skilled personnel, including software engineers and sales personnel. We face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous software and other technology companies. In addition, competition for qualified personnel, particularly software engineers, is particularly intense in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters are located, and the change by companies to offer a remote or hybrid work environment may increase the competition for such employees from employers outside of our traditional office locations. 
 
 We may not be able to retain our current key employees or attract, train, assimilate, or retain other highly skilled personnel in the future. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, significant costs to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, and we may lose new employees to our competitors or other technology companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. As we move into new geographies, we will need to attract and recruit skilled personnel in those areas. Further, labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control, including our industry s highly competitive market for skilled workers and leaders, cost inflation, and workforce participation rates. Further, in November 2023, in response to changing economic conditions and in an effort to reduce our operational costs and improve our organizational efficiency, we executed a restructuring plan, which included a restructuring and reduction of the current workforce by approximately 25 . The restructuring plan was substantially complete by the end of the fourth quarter of 2023. On April 24, 2024, we performed another restructuring intended to refocus the Company for future growth. The plan impacted 38 of our full-time employees. The execution of the plan was substantially complete by the end of the second quarter of 2024. As part of the restructuring plan implemented in April 2024, in June 2024, we ceased occupying and abandoned certain floors of our leased headquarters in San Francisco in order to adjust our office space footprint to better align with the needs of our work model. These restructuring plans could negatively impact our ability to attract, integrate, retain and motivate key employees. If we are unable to attract and retain suitably qualified individuals who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational, and managerial requirements, on a timely basis or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our future success also depends in large part on the continued services of senior management and other key personnel. In particular, we are dependent on the services of Nirav Tolia, our Chief Executive Officer and President, who is critical to the future vision and strategic direction of our business. We rely on our senior management team and key employees in the areas of engineering, sales and product development, design, marketing, operations, strategy, security, and general and administrative functions. Our senior management and other key personnel are all employed on an at-will basis, which means that they could terminate their employment with us at any time, for any reason, and without notice. We do not currently maintain key-person life insurance policies on any of our officers or employees. If we lose the services of senior management or other key personnel, or if we are unable to attract, train, assimilate, and retain the highly skilled personnel that we need, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Volatility or lack of appreciation in our stock price may also affect our ability to attract and retain our key employees. Our employees may be more likely to leave if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested options have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase price of the shares or the exercise price of the options, or conversely, if the exercise price of the options that they hold are significantly above the market price of our Class A common stock. If we are unable to retain our employees, or if we need to increase our compensation expenses to retain our employees, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our core values may conflict with the short-term interests of our business. 
 We consider our core values as a guide to the decisions we make, which we believe is essential to our success in increasing our neighbor growth rate and engagement and in serving the best, long-term interests of Nextdoor and our stockholders. In the past, we have forgone, and may in the future forgo, certain expansion or revenue opportunities that we do not believe are aligned with our core values, even if our decision may negatively impact our operating results in the short term. Our decisions may not result in the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our neighbor engagement, business, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Security and Technology 
 We are dependent on third-party software and service providers, including the GAM platform, for management and delivery of advertisements on the Nextdoor platform. Any failure or interruption experienced by such third-parties could result in the inability of certain businesses to advertise on our platform, and adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Currently, we are dependent on third-party software and service providers, including the GAM platform, for management and delivery of advertisements on the Nextdoor platform. As such, the continued use of third-party software and service providers, including GAM, is critical to our continued success and any service disruptions, adverse changes to the terms of use, pricing or related terms and conditions for such third-party providers products, or difficulties with such products, including our data usage, meeting our requirements or standards could result in the inability of certain businesses to advertise on our platform, and adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We rely on third-party software and service providers, including AWS, to provide systems, storage and services for our platform. Any failure or interruption experienced by such third parties could result in the inability of neighbors and advertisers to access or utilize our platform, and adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We rely on third-party software and service providers, including AWS, to provide systems, storage and services, including neighbor login authentication, for our website. Any technical problem with, cyber-attack on or loss of access to such third parties systems, servers, or technologies could result in the inability of neighbors to access the Nextdoor platform or result in the theft of neighbors personal information. 
 Because we rely on third-party technology providers in our business, we rely on the cybersecurity practices and policies adopted by these third parties. Our ability to monitor our third-party technology providers cybersecurity practices is limited. 
 Any significant disruption, limitation or loss of our access to or other interference with our use of AWS, including as a result of termination by AWS of its agreement with us, would negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, any transition of the cloud services currently provided by AWS to another cloud services provider would be difficult to implement and would cause us to incur significant time and expense and could disrupt or degrade our ability to deliver our products and services. The level of service provided by AWS could affect the availability or speed of our services. If neighbors or advertisers are not able to access our platform or encounter difficulties in doing so, we may lose neighbors or advertisers, which could harm our reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We utilize data center hosting facilities operated by AWS, located in various facilities. We are unable to serve network traffic from back-up data center services. An unexpected disruption of services provided by these data centers could hamper our ability to handle existing or increased traffic, result in the loss of data or cause our platform to become unavailable, which may harm our reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We rely on third parties, including email providers, mobile data networks, and geolocation providers to complete the verification process for our neighbors accounts. Any failure or interruption experienced by such third parties could result in the inability of neighbors to join our platform, resulting in harm to our reputation and an adverse impact to our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We rely on third parties to verify our neighbors accounts through several methods, including but not limited to email, SMS text message, phone calls, geolocation and mailed invitations. For example, we utilize email providers, mobile data networks, and geolocation providers to verify neighbors accounts. Account verification is a critical feature of our platform because it demonstrates that neighbors actually live in the neighborhood they desire to join. Any failure, interruption, or loss of access to such third parties or their software could result in the inability of neighbors to join our platform. Our reliance on third parties makes us vulnerable to any service interruptions, whether as a result of a cyber-attack, security breach, weather or other events, or delays in their operations. Additionally, alternative email providers, mobile data networks, geolocation providers or postal providers may be more costly to use than our current providers. Any disruption in the third parties could harm our neighbor growth, which in turn could make us a less attractive advertising platform and harm our reputation, and could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Technologies have been developed that can block the display of advertisements on the Nextdoor platform, which could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Technologies have been developed, and will likely continue to be developed, that can block the display of advertisements on the Nextdoor platform. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising, and ad-blocking technologies may prevent the display of certain advertisements appearing on our platform, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Existing ad-blocking technologies that have not been effective on our platform may become effective as we make certain platform changes, and new ad-blocking technologies may be developed in the future. More neighbors may choose to use such ad-blocking products to block or obscure the display of advertisements on our platform if we are unable to successfully balance the amount of our organic content and paid advertisements, or if neighbors attitudes toward advertisements become more negative. Further, regardless of their effectiveness, ad-blockers may generate concern regarding the health of the digital advertising industry, which could reduce the value of digital advertising and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Security breaches, including improper access to or disclosure of our data or our neighbors data, or other hacking and phishing attacks on our or third-party systems, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. 
 We collect, store and otherwise process personal data relating to a number of individuals such as our neighbors, employees and partners, including, but not limited to, neighbor contact details, network details, and location data. The evolution of technology systems introduces unknown and complex security risks that can be unpredictable and difficult to defend against. Cyber-attacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. In particular, social media companies, like us, are prone to cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to company or user data or to disrupt their ability to provide access to their products and services. 
 
 The trend towards working from home and using private residential networks to access the Internet may further exacerbate risks associated with cyberattacks and data security breaches, because we cannot guarantee these private work environments and electronic connections to our work environment have the same robust security measures deployed in our physical offices. 
 
 We take a variety of technical and organizational security measures and other measures to protect our data. Although we have implemented systems and processes that are designed to protect our data and our neighbors data, prevent data loss, disable undesirable accounts and activities on our platform and prevent or detect security breaches, and maintain an information security policy, such measures cannot provide absolute security, and despite measures that we have or will in the future put in place, we may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access to such data. For example, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (predominantly spear phishing attacks), ransomware, and general hacking have become more prevalent in the industry, have occurred on our systems in the past, and are likely to occur on our systems in the future. In addition, we regularly encounter attempts to create false or undesirable accounts or take other actions on our platform for purposes such as spamming, spreading misinformation, or other objectionable ends. Our efforts to protect our company data or the information that we receive may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs or other technical malfunctions; employee, contractor, or vendor error or malfeasance; government surveillance; or other threats that evolve. 
 
 Some third parties, including advertisers and vendors, may store information that we share with them on their networks. If these third parties fail to implement adequate data-security practices or fail to comply with their contractual obligations and/or, where applicable, our terms and policies, neighbor data may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed. Even if these third parties take all the necessary precautions and comply with their applicable obligations, their networks may still suffer a breach, which could compromise neighbor data. 
 
 Security breaches may cause interruptions to our platform, degrade the neighbor experience, cause neighbors or advertisers to lose confidence and trust in our platform, impair our internal systems, or result in financial harm to our company. 
 
 In addition, affected neighbors, government authorities or other third parties could initiate legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches or improper disclosure of data, which could cause us to incur significant expense and liability that may not be fully covered by insurance, if at all, or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. Such incidents or our efforts to remediate such incidents may also result in a decline in our active neighbor base or engagement levels and trust. In addition, such incidents could also result in the loss or misuse of such data, which could harm our business and reputation and diminish our competitive position. In addition, any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, market acceptance of our products or revenues and may also divert development resources and increase service and support costs. 
 
 The landscape of laws, regulations, and industry standards related to cybersecurity is evolving globally. We may be subject to increased compliance burdens by regulators and customers with respect to our platform, as well as additional costs to oversee and monitor security risks. Many jurisdictions have enacted laws mandating companies to inform individuals, stockholders, regulatory authorities, and others of security breaches. For example, the SEC has adopted cybersecurity risk management and disclosure rules, which require the disclosure of information pertaining to cybersecurity incidents and cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 governance. This mandatory disclosure can be costly, harm our reputation, erode customer trust, and require significant resources to mitigate issues stemming from actual or perceived security breaches. 
 
 While we maintain insurance policies, our coverage may be insufficient to compensate us for all losses caused by security breaches, and any such security breaches may result in increased costs for such insurance. We also cannot ensure that our existing cybersecurity insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or that the insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our reputation and our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 A security breach of our system could trigger a breach of our agreements with partners that we rely on to deliver our services and expose us to significant loss. 
 Our agreements with third parties, including without limitation significant agreements with payment processors, credit card and debit card issuers and bank partners, contain contractual commitments we are required to adhere to related to information security and data privacy compliance. If we experience an incident that triggers a breach of such contractual commitments, we could be exposed to significant liability or cancellation of service under these agreements. The damages payable to the counterparty as well as the impact to our service could be substantial and create substantial costs and loss of business. 
 Distribution and marketing of, and access to, our platform depends, in significant part, on a variety of third-party publishers and platforms (including mobile app stores, third-party payment providers, computer systems, and other communication systems and service providers). If these third parties limit, prohibit or otherwise interfere with or change the terms of the distribution, use or marketing of our platform in any material way, it could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We market and distribute our platform (including related mobile applications) through a variety of third-party publishers and distribution channels. Our ability to market our brands on any given property or channel is subject to the policies of the relevant third party. There is no guarantee that mobile platforms will continue to feature our platform, or that neighbors using mobile devices will continue to use our platform rather than competing products. We are dependent on the interoperability of our platform with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control, such as the Android and iOS operating systems. Any changes, bugs, or technical issues in such systems, or changes in our relationships with mobile operating system partners, handset manufacturers, or mobile carriers, or in their terms of service or policies that degrade the functionality of our platform, reduce or eliminate our ability to update or distribute our platform, give preferential treatment to competitive products, limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of advertisements, or charge fees related to the distribution of our platform or our delivery or placement of advertisements could materially adversely affect the usage of our platform on mobile devices, our business, operating results, and financial condition. For example, Apple requires neighbors using the app to opt in before their identifier for advertisers can be accessed by an app and has security measures in its Apple mail client available on its operating systems which have impacted, and are expected to continue to impact, our ability to track individual users and devices, and measure the effectiveness of our advertisements. While we have not observed any directly attributable negative impact on our business, operating results or financial condition, including our revenue, revenue growth rates, and operating income (loss), related to these features, we may be impacted by such changes, or other changes to third-party policies or applications in the future, and as a result, our business, operating results and financial condition, including our revenue, revenue growth rates, and operating income (loss), could, in the future, be adversely impacted by any such changes. 
 Further, certain publishers and channels have, from time to time, limited or prohibited advertisements for a variety of reasons. There is no assurance that we will not be limited or prohibited from using certain current or prospective marketing channels in the future. If this were to happen in the case of a significant marketing channel and/or for a significant period of time, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our platform and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems, or failures to address or mitigate technical limitations in our systems, could adversely affect our business. 
 Our platform and internal systems rely on software and hardware, including software and hardware developed or maintained internally and/or by third parties, that is highly technical and complex. In addition, our platform and internal systems depend on the ability of such software and hardware to store, retrieve, process, and manage immense amounts of data. The software and hardware on which we rely has contained, and will in the future contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities, and our systems are subject to certain technical limitations that may compromise our ability to meet our objectives. Some errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities inherently may be difficult to detect and may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or internal use. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design defects, or technical limitations within the software and hardware on which we rely have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes including a negative experience for neighbors and advertisers who use our platform, compromised ability of our platform 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 to perform in a manner consistent with our terms, contracts, or policies, delayed product introductions or enhancements, targeting, measurement, or billing errors, compromised ability to protect the data of neighbors and/or our intellectual property or other data, or reductions in our ability to provide some or all of our services. For example, we make commitments to our neighbors as to how their data will be used within and across our platform, and our systems are subject to errors, bugs and technical limitations that may prevent us from fulfilling these commitments reliably. In addition, any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our systems or the software and hardware on which we rely, failures to properly address or mitigate the technical limitations in our systems, or associated degradations or interruptions of service or failures to fulfill our commitments to our neighbors, have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes including damage to our reputation, loss of neighbors, loss of advertisers, loss of revenue, regulatory inquiries, litigation, or liability for fines, damages, or other remedies, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Social and ethical issues may result in reputational harm and liability. 
 Positions we may take (or choose not to take) on social and ethical issues may be unpopular with some of our employees, neighbors, or with our advertisers or potential advertisers, which may in the future impact our ability to attract or retain employees, neighbors or advertisers. Further, actions taken by our customers or partners, including through the use or misuse of our products, may result in reputational harm or possible liability. Any such claims could cause reputational harm to our brand or result in liability. 
 Our disclosures on environmental, social, and governance ESG matters, and any standards we may set for ourselves or a failure to meet these standards, may influence our reputation and the value of our brand. For example, we have elected to share publicly certain information about our ESG initiatives and information, and our commitment to the recruitment, engagement and retention of a diverse board and workforce. In addition, the SEC has adopted and subsequently imposed a voluntary stay on the implementation of additional disclosure requirements regarding, among other ESG topics, the impact our business has on the environment. Moreover, California has adopted two climate-related bills, which require companies doing business in California that meet certain revenue thresholds to publicly disclose certain greenhouse gas emissions data and climate-related financial risk reports. California also enacted the Voluntary Carbon Market Disclosures Act, which requires companies that operate within the state to make certain climate-related claims and to provide enhanced disclosures around the achievement of such claims. Our business may face increased scrutiny related to these activities and our related disclosures, including from the investment community, and our failure to achieve progress in these areas on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, business, and financial performance. If and when the stay on the SEC proposals is lifted, we will be required to establish additional internal controls, engage additional consultants, and incur additional costs related to evaluating our environmental impact and preparing such disclosures. If we fail to implement sufficient internal controls or accurately capture and disclose, among other things, our environmental impact, our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future results difficult to predict. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future. Additionally, we have a limited operating history with the current scale of our business, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results and subjects us to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and anticipate future growth. As a result, you should not rely upon our past quarterly and annual operating results as indicators of future performance. We have encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly evolving markets, such as the risks and uncertainties described herein. Our operating results in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors, many of which are unpredictable or are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 
 our ability to generate revenues from our platform; 
 our ability to acquire, retain, and grow our neighbors and neighbor engagement on our platform; 
 ability to attract and retain advertisers; 
 ability to recognize revenue or collect payments from advertisers in a particular period; 
 fluctuations in spending by our advertisers due to macroeconomic conditions, seasonality, episodic regional or global events, or other factors; 
 
 changes in domestic and global business and macroeconomic conditions, including actual or perceived instability in the global banking system, potential recession, the 2024 U.S. election, local and national elections, the continued rise of inflation, changing interest rates, and the war in Ukraine and the Middle East; 
 51 

Table of Contents 

fluctuations in internet usage generally; 
 the number, prominence, size, format, quality and relevancy of advertisements shown to neighbors; 
 the success of technologies designed to block the display of advertisements; 
 changes to third-party policies or applications that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of advertising, including changes by mobile operating system and browser providers such as Apple and Google; 
 the pricing of our advertisements; 
 the timing, cost of and mix of new and existing sales and marketing and promotional efforts; 
 the availability of our platform and app on mobile devices and other third-party platforms; 
 changes to our platform or the development and introduction of new products or services by our competitors; 
 changes in advertising industry association rules and standards that limit our ability to deliver, target or measure the effectiveness of advertising, such as the Network Advertising Initiative, and Interactive Advertising Bureau; 
 neighbor behavior or platform changes that may reduce traffic to features of the platform that we monetize; 
 system failures, disruptions, breaches of security or privacy, whether on our platform or on those of third parties, and the costs associated with any such breaches and remediation; 
 negative publicity associated with our platform, including as a result of content on our platform, security breaches and neighbor privacy concerns that may result in advertisers reducing or eliminating their spend with us; 
 health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, influenza, and other highly communicable diseases or viruses; 
 the use of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, including to repurchase shares of our outstanding Class A common stock or to make acquisitions or investments; 
 the timing of incurring additional expenses, such as increases in sales and marketing or research and development; 
 adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation-related costs; 
 changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including with respect to privacy and cybersecurity, or actions by governments or regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees; and 
 changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 The impact of one or more of the foregoing and other factors may cause our operating results to vary significantly. As such, quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. If our quarterly and annual operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. If we fail to meet or exceed the expectations of investors or securities analysts, then the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. Furthermore, any quarterly or annual fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate substantially. 
 In addition, we believe that our rapid historical growth may understate the potential seasonality of our business. As our revenue growth rate slows, we expect that the seasonality in our business may become more pronounced and may in the future cause our operating results to fluctuate. For example, advertising spending is traditionally seasonally strong in the fourth quarter of each year and we believe that this seasonality affects our quarterly results, which generally reflect higher sequential revenue growth from the third to fourth quarter compared to sequential revenue growth from the fourth quarter to the subsequent first quarter. In addition, global economic concerns continue to create uncertainty and unpredictability and add risk to our future outlook. An economic downturn in any particular region in which we do business or globally could result in reductions in revenue, as our advertisers reduce their advertising budgets, and other adverse effects that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Certain of our market opportunities and key metric estimates could prove to be inaccurate, and any real or perceived inaccuracies may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. 
 The estimates discussed herein are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions that may not prove to be accurate. The key assumptions underlying our estimates include our ability to scale new neighbor growth, our ability to grow engagement by our existing neighbor base and our ability to increase monetization of our platform. These assumptions involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described in this Risk Factors section, which could cause actual results to differ materially from our estimates. Unfavorable changes in any of these or other assumptions, most of which are beyond our control, could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition and result in our estimates being materially different than actual results. Market opportunity estimates, whether obtained from third-party sources or developed internally, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions that may not prove to be accurate. In particular, our estimates regarding our market penetration in new and existing markets are difficult to predict. 
 We regularly review key business and other metrics, including WAUs, Verified Neighbors and ARPU and other measures to evaluate growth trends, measure our performance, and make strategic decisions. These key metrics are calculated using internal company data derived from our analytics platform and have not been validated by an independent third party and there are inherent challenges in such measurements. For example, in 2021, Apple introduced changes for the Apple mail client available on its operating systems, which have limited, and are expected to continue to limit, our ability to track individual users and devices, and measure user engagement with our emails containing monetizable content for users that use the Apple email client. These changes have affected our ability to calculate WAUs, a key business metric. Because of the introduction of these changes, we are required to rely on estimates based on past user behavior and behavior of users engaging with our monetizable content on email clients other than the Apple email client in order to determine the portion of our WAU figure relating to users that engage solely with emails with monetizable content, which may impact the effectiveness of our analytics platform, as well as the accuracy of our WAU calculations. If we fail to maintain an effective analytics platform, our key metrics calculations may be inaccurate, and we may not be able to identify those inaccuracies. Our key business metrics may also be impacted by compliance or fraud-related bans, technical incidents, or false or spam accounts in existence on our platform. We regularly deactivate accounts that violate our terms of service, and exclude these accounts from the calculation of our key business metrics; however, we may not succeed in identifying and removing all such accounts from our platform. If our metrics are incorrect or provide incomplete information about neighbors and their behavior, we may make inaccurate conclusions about our business. 
 We regularly review and may adjust our processes for calculating our estimates to improve their accuracy. Our estimates may differ from estimates published by third parties or from similarly titled metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology. If investors or analysts do not perceive our estimates to be accurate representations of our business, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our estimates, our reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 We have a history of net losses and may experience net losses in the future and we cannot assure you that we will achieve or sustain profitability. If we cannot achieve and sustain profitability, our business, financial condition, and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 We have experienced significant net losses each year since we began operations in 2007, including net losses of 85.9 million and 107.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We have an accumulated deficit of 852.0 million as of September 30, 2024. We anticipate that our operating expenses and capital expenditures will increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in acquiring additional neighbors, increasing engagement on our platform, increasing monetization on our platform, expanding our platform and operations internationally, attracting and retaining team members, developing and enhancing our platform, marketing and sales, and enhancing our infrastructure. Our expansion efforts may prove more expensive than we anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenues sufficiently to offset these higher expenses. While we consistently evaluate opportunities to reduce our operating costs and optimize efficiencies, including, for example, through our workforce reductions in November 2023 and April 2024, we cannot guarantee that these efforts will be successful or that we will not re-accelerate operating expenditures in the future in order to capitalize on growth opportunities. Given the significant operating and capital expenditures associated with our business plan, we expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future and cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, it cannot be certain that we will be able to sustain or increase such profitability. 
 
 Our ability to use our U.S. federal and state net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations which could subject our business to higher tax liability. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had gross U.S. federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately 413.6 million and gross state NOL carryforwards of approximately 280.8 million, which if not utilized, will begin to expire for federal and state income tax purposes beginning in 2028. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 future taxable income, if any. Under the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, unused U.S. federal NOLs generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, will not expire and may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOLs in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, is limited to 80 of current year taxable income. 
 Under Section 382 of the Code, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation that undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to utilize its pre-change NOL carryforwards to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. Though we recently completed a Section 382 study that supports that our use of NOLs will not be subject to limitation, it is possible that the limitation could still apply. 
 We may experience ownership change(s) in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside our control. Therefore, it is possible that such an ownership change could limit the amount of NOLs we can use to offset future taxable income. Our current NOL carryforwards, and any NOL carryforwards of companies we have acquired, may be subject to limitations, thereby increasing our overall tax liability. Our NOL carryforwards may also be impaired under similar provisions of state law. We have recorded a full valuation allowance related to our U.S. federal and state NOL carryforwards and other net deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits of those assets. Our NOL carryforwards may expire unutilized or underutilized, which could prevent us from offsetting future taxable income. Any future changes in U.S. tax laws in respect of the utilization of NOL carryforwards may further affect the limitation in future years. In addition, there may be periods during which the use of NOL carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited at the state level, which could also impact our ability to utilize NOL carryforwards. As a result, even if we attain profitability, we may be unable to use all or a material portion of our NOLs, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and our financial estimates may be different from our financial results. 
 GAAP is subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could harm our revenue and financial results, and could affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement of a change. 
 If currency exchange rates fluctuate substantially in the future, our operating results, which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected. 
 If we continue to expand our international operations, we will become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. A substantial majority of our revenues to date have been denominated in U.S. dollars and, therefore, we have not historically been subject to foreign currency risk. In addition, as we continue to expand internationally, we expect to incur increased expenses for employee compensation and other operating expenses at non-U.S. locations in the local currency. Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies could result in the dollar equivalent of such expenses being higher. This could have a negative impact on our operating results. Although we may in the future decide to undertake foreign exchange hedging transactions to cover a portion of our foreign currency exchange exposure, we currently do not hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange risks. 
 We may have greater than anticipated tax liabilities, which could harm our business, revenue and financial results. 
 We operate in a number of tax jurisdictions globally, including in the United States at the federal, state and local levels, and in many foreign countries, and plan to continue to expand the scale of our operations in the future. We are subject to review and potential audit by a number of U.S. and non-U.S. tax authorities. A change in law or in our global operations could result in higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability. In particular, our intercompany relationships are subject to complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. 
 We are subject to various indirect non-income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added and goods and services taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and we may face indirect tax audits in various U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. In certain jurisdictions, we collect and remit indirect taxes. However, tax authorities may question, challenge or disagree with our calculation, reporting or collection of taxes and may require us to collect taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not currently do so or to remit additional taxes and interest, and could impose associated penalties and fees. A successful assertion by one or more tax authorities requiring us to collect taxes in jurisdictions in which we do not currently do so or to collect additional taxes in a jurisdiction in which we currently collect taxes, could result in substantial tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest, 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 could discourage neighbors from utilizing our platform or could otherwise harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Although we do not currently incur significant tax costs due to our history of operating losses, our tax liabilities may increase if our profitability increases in the future. In addition, our effective tax rate may change from year to year based on changes in the mix of activities and income allocated or earned among various jurisdictions, tax laws and the applicable tax rates in these jurisdictions (including future tax laws that may become material), tax treaties between countries, our eligibility for benefits under those tax treaties and the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such changes could result in an increase in the effective tax rate applicable to all or a portion of our income, which would negatively affect our financial results. In August 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ). The IRA includes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax for companies with modified GAAP net income in excess of 1 billion, a 1 excise tax on certain stock repurchases, and numerous environmental and green energy tax credits. Currently, we are not subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax and we do not expect the new law to have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that our Share Repurchase Program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and diminish our cash reserves. 
 On May 31, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized and approved the Share Repurchase Program pursuant to which we may repurchase up to 100.0 million in aggregate of shares of our Class A common stock, with the authorization to expire on June 30, 2024, or such shorter period if 100.0 million in aggregate of shares of our Class A common stock have been repurchased. On February 21, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized and approved an increase of 150.0 million to the Share Repurchase Program and extended the expiration date to March 31, 2026. As of September 30, 2024, we had 99.5 million available for future share repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program. Although our Board of Directors has authorized this Share Repurchase Program, the program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares of our Class A common stock. The actual timing and amount of repurchases remain subject to a variety of factors, including stock price, trading volume, market conditions and other general business considerations, all of which may be negatively impacted by macroeconomic conditions and factors, including rising interest rates and inflation. The Share Repurchase Program may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time, and we cannot guarantee that the Share Repurchase Program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The program could affect the trading price of our Class A common stock, increase volatility and diminish our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, and any announcement of a termination of this program may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
 We may be liable as a result of content or information that is published or made available on our platform. 
 We are subject to many U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations that involve matters central to our business, including laws and regulations that involve data privacy and protection, intellectual property (including copyright and patent laws), content regulation, the use of AI, rights of publicity, advertising, marketing, health and safety, competition, protection of minors, age verification, consumer protection, taxation, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and corruption, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions or securities law compliance. Although content on our platform is typically generated by third parties, and not by us, we may be sued or face regulatory liability for claims relating to personal information, content or information that is made available on our service, including claims of defamation, disparagement, intellectual property infringement, breach of our privacy commitments, breach of privacy and data security laws, or other alleged damages could be asserted against us. In addition, the availability of copyright protection and other legal protections for intellectual property generated by certain new technologies, such as generative AI, is uncertain. The use of generative AI and other forms of AI may expose us to risks because the intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, of generative and other AI output, has not been fully interpreted by U.S. courts or been fully addressed by U.S. federal or state regulation, as well as in foreign jurisdictions. Our systems, tools and personnel that help us to proactively detect potentially policy-violating or otherwise inappropriate content cannot identify all such content on our service, and in many cases this content will appear on the Nextdoor platform. This risk may increase as we develop and increase the use of certain features, such as video, for which identifying such content and obtaining appropriate consents is challenging, and as we continue to roll out our NEXT initiative, which we expect to utilize third-party content. Additionally, some controversial content may not be banned on the Nextdoor platform and, even if it is not featured in advertisements to neighbors, it may still appear in the Feed or elsewhere. This risk is enhanced in certain jurisdictions outside of the United States where our protection from liability for content published on our platform by third parties may be unclear and where we may be less protected under local laws than we are in the United States. Further, if law and/or policy-violating content is found on the Nextdoor platform, or we do not give appropriate notice or obtain appropriate consents, we may be in violation of the terms of certain of our key agreements, which may result in termination of the agreement and potentially payment of damages in some cases. We could incur significant costs in investigating and defending such claims and, if we are found liable, damages. If any of these events occur, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 While we rely on a variety of statutory and common-law frameworks and defenses, including those provided by the DMCA, the CDA, the fair-use doctrine in the United States and the Electronic Commerce Directive in the European Union, differences between statutes, limitations on immunity, requirements to maintain immunity, and moderation efforts in the many jurisdictions in which we operate may affect our ability to rely on these frameworks and defenses, or create uncertainty regarding liability for information or content uploaded by neighbors and advertisers or otherwise contributed by third-parties to our platform. 
 Actions by governments that restrict access to the Nextdoor platform in their countries, or that otherwise impair our ability to sell advertising in their countries, could substantially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Governments may seek to censor content available on the Nextdoor platform or restrict access to the platform from their country entirely, or impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility of the platform in their country for an extended period of time or indefinitely. In addition, government authorities in other countries may seek to restrict neighbors access to the platform if they consider us to be in violation of their laws or a threat to public safety or for other reasons. It is possible that government authorities could take action that impairs our ability to sell advertising, collect, process, use, store, disclose or transfer data including in countries where access to our consumer-facing platform may be blocked or restricted. In the event that content shown on the Nextdoor platform is subject to censorship, access to the platform is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries, or other restrictions are imposed on the platform, or our competitors are able to successfully penetrate new geographic markets or capture a greater share of existing geographic markets that we cannot access or where we face other restrictions, our ability to retain or increase our neighbor base, neighbor engagement, or the level of advertising by advertisers may be adversely affected, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated, and our financial results could be adversely affected. 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, and industry standards, many of which are subject to change and uncertain interpretations, which uncertainty could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We are subject to many U.S. federal and state and foreign laws, regulations and industry standards that involve matters central to our business, including laws and regulations that involve data privacy, security and protection, intellectual property (including copyright and patent laws), content, rights of publicity, advertising, marketing, health and safety, competition, protection of minors, age verification, consumer protection, taxation,telecommunications, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and corruption, telecommunications, AI and machine learning, and securities. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and may be interpreted, applied, created, or amended, in a manner that could harm our business. In addition, the introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject the company to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. 
 We rely on a variety of statutory and common-law frameworks and defenses relevant to the content available on the Nextdoor platform, including the DMCA, the CDA and the fair-use doctrine in the United States, and the Electronic Commerce Directive in the European Union. However, each of these statutes is subject to uncertain or evolving judicial interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments. For example, in the United States, laws such as the CDA, which have previously been interpreted to provide substantial protection to interactive computer service providers, may see these protections lessened either by legislative action or juridical interpretation. There have been various federal and state legislative efforts to restrict the scope of the protections available to online platforms under the CDA, in particular with regards to Section 230 of the CDA, and current protections from liability for third-party content in the United States could decrease or change. Although the U.S. Supreme Court declined to narrow the scope of Section 230 in its Gonzalez v. Google decision, there are still legislative efforts to amend the CDA, which if successful could expose us to additional lawsuits and potential judgments that could seriously harm our business. We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if we are found liable, significant damages. 
 The DSA, signed into law in the European Union on October 19, 2022, is a package of legislation intended to update the liability and safety rules for digital platforms, products, and services. The DSA, which started to apply to our business in February 2024, could negatively impact the scope of the limited immunity provided by the E-Commerce Directive, limit targeted advertising, and require us to expend resources to try to comply with the new regulations or incur liability. The DSA also includes significant penalties for non-compliance. On October 26, 2023, similarly, the United Kingdom s Online Safety Act became law. The Act creates requirements around monitoring and handling harmful content and will require us to expend resources to try to comply with the new regulations or incur liability. Additionally, Australia s Online Safety Act 2021, which went into effect in January 2022, and its accompanying Social Media Services Code, which went into effect in December 2023, may impose new obligations and liabilities on platforms with respect to certain types of harmful content. These new and proposed laws, together with any changes to the existing laws and regulations within the jurisdictions in which we operate could require us to expend additional resources to maintain compliance with any new or evolving regulations. As a result, we may incur additional liability, and our business, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

We collect, store, use, share, and otherwise process data, some of which contains personal information about individuals including, but not limited to, our users, employees and partners including, contact details, network details, and location data. We are therefore subject to U.S. (federal, state, local) and foreign laws and regulations regarding data privacy, security and protection, which encompass the processing of this personal information. The regulatory framework for data privacy, security, and protection worldwide and interpretations of existing laws and regulations is likely to continue to be uncertain and current or future legislation or regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, could significantly restrict or impose conditions on our ability to process data and increase notice or consent requirements before we can utilize advertising technologies. 
 We have internal and publicly posted policies and notices regarding our collection, processing, use, disclosure, deletion and security of information. Although we endeavor to comply with our policies, we may at times fail to do so or be accused of having failed to do so. The publication of our privacy policies and notices that provide commitments about data privacy, security, and protection can subject us to potential actions if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or otherwise misrepresent our actual practices, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 In the United States, we are subject to numerous federal, state and local data privacy, security, and protection laws and regulations governing the processing of information about individuals. For example, the CCPA establishes certain transparency obligations and creates data privacy rights for users, including rights to access and delete their personal information as well as opt-out of certain sales or transfers of their personal information. The law also prohibits covered businesses from discriminating against consumers (for example, charging more for services) for exercising any of their CCPA rights. The CCPA imposes statutory damages for certain violations of the law as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information, which increases the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. Additionally, California voters approved the CPRA, which amended the CCPA and became effective January 1, 2023 (with a look back to January 1, 2022). The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, including by expanding consumers rights and establishing a new state agency that is vested with authority to implement and enforce the CPRA. Other states have also passed comparable legislation, with unique compliance requirements relevant to our business. We are subject to several state privacy laws in the United States at present and anticipate additional state privacy laws will go into effect in the coming years, which may impose obligations similar to or more stringent than those we may face under other data protection laws. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data and there have been attempts at the federal level to introduce privacy legislation. Compliance with these laws and any newly enacted privacy, security, and data protection laws or regulations may be challenging and cost- and time-intensive, and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and potential liability in an effort to comply with such legislation. 
 
 Outside the United States, we are subject to an increasing number of laws, regulations and industry standards that apply to data privacy and security. In Canada, we are subject to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, which governs the collection, use and disclosure of Canadian residents personal information in the course of commercial activities. In Australia, we are also subject to, among other laws, Australia s Privacy Act 1988 and the Australian Privacy Principles APPs ), which require us to, among other things: (a) establish a governance framework for managing privacy and data protection; (b) give individuals the option of not identifying themselves or using a pseudonym (unless certain exceptions apply); (c) destroy or de-identify unsolicited personal information that was not obtained for a purpose reasonably necessary or directly related to our business activities; and (d) not transfer or disclose personal information to a party outside of Australia unless consent is obtained, the destination country has substantially similar privacy protections to Australia, or the overseas recipient contractually agrees to comply with the APPs. In the European Union, we are subject to the GDPR, and in the United Kingdom we are subject to the UK GDPR. These laws govern our collection, control, processing, sharing, disclosure and other use of data relating to an identifiable living individual (personal data). The GDPR, and national implementing legislation in European Union member states and the United Kingdom, imposes a strict data protection compliance regime, grants new rights for data subjects in regard to their personal data (including the right to be forgotten and the right to data portability) and enhances current rights (e.g., data subject access requests). 
 We are also subject to European Union rules with respect to cross-border transfers of personal data out of the European Union and the United Kingdom. After years of uncertainty following the July 16, 2020 decision of the Court of Justice of the European Union (the CJEU invalidating the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (the Privacy Shield ), on July 10, 2023 the European Commission adopted its adequacy decision for the new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework DPF ). The DPF creates a path forward for personal data to be transferred from the EU to the United States for U.S. entities that have self-certified with the U.S. Department of Commerce. Nextdoor has been a participant in the DPF and UK Extension to the DPF since July 17, 2024 when its self-certification was approved. 
 We are also subject to evolving EU and UK privacy laws on cookies and e-marketing. In the EU and the UK, regulators are increasingly focusing on compliance with current national laws that implement the ePrivacy Directive in the EU and Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations PECR in the UK. The ePrivacy Directive may be replaced by an EU regulation known as 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 the ePrivacy Regulation that will significantly increase fines for non-compliance. In the EU and the UK, informed consent is required for the placement of certain cookies or similar technologies on a user s device as well as for direct electronic marketing communications. Further, under the GDPR and the UK GDPR valid consent is tightly defined and includes a prohibition on pre-checked consents and, under the ePrivacy Directive and PECR, there is a requirement to obtain separate consents for each type of cookie or similar technology. While the text of the ePrivacy Regulation is still under development, a December 2021 European court decision and regulators guidance are driving increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies. If regulators start to enforce the strict approach in recent guidance, this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely affect our margins, increase costs and subject us to additional liabilities. Regulation of cookies and similar technologies, and any decline of cookies or similar online tracking technologies as a means to identify and potentially target users, may lead to broader restrictions and impairments on our marketing and personalization activities and may negatively impact our efforts to understand users. Furthermore, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, which aims to introduce a common regulatory and legal framework for AI, was officially published on July 12, 2024 and came into effect on August 1, 2024. The EU Artificial Intelligence Act regulates AI providers and entities making use of AI tools in a professional capacity, and may require the implementation of additional quality assurance controls and measures to be reviewed and approved by regulatory submissions of our products. 
 
 While we have put in efforts to comply with these regulations, the uncertainty surrounding enforcement and changing privacy landscapes could change our compliance status. Similarly, there are a number of legislative proposals in the European Union, the United States (at both the federal and state level), as well as in other jurisdictions that could impose new obligations or limitations in areas affecting our business. 
 The costs of complying with these laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are high and likely to increase in the future, particularly as the degree of regulation increases, our business grows and our geographic scope expands. The impact of these laws and regulations may disproportionately affect our business in comparison to our peers in the technology sector with greater resources. Even though we communicate with lawmakers and regulators in countries and regions in which we conduct business, and despite having a dedicated team to monitor legal and regulatory developments, any failure or perceived failure of compliance on our part to comply with the laws and regulations may subject us to significant liabilities or penalties, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Furthermore, it is possible that certain governments may seek to block or limit our products or otherwise impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility or usability of any or all our products for an extended period of time or indefinitely. 
 
 We could be involved in legal disputes that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We are currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, actual and threatened legal proceedings, claims, investigations and government inquiries arising in the ordinary course of our business, including intellectual property, data privacy, cybersecurity, privacy and other torts, illegal or objectionable content, consumer protection, securities, stockholder derivative claims, employment, governance, workplace culture, contractual rights, civil rights infringement, false or misleading advertising, or other legal claims relating to content or information that is provided to us or published or made available on our platform. Any proceedings, claims or inquiries involving us, whether successful or not, may be time consuming, result in costly litigation, unfavorable outcomes, increased costs of business, may require us to change our business practices or platform, require significant amount of management s time, may harm our reputation or otherwise harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. See Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies, to the condensed consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for a description of certain litigation matters that we are involved in. 
 We are currently involved in and have been subject to actual and threatened litigation with respect to third-party patents, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property, and may continue to be subject to intellectual property litigation and threats thereof. Companies in the internet, technology and media industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we face increasing competition, grow our business and platform offerings, and become increasingly high profile, the possibility of receiving a larger number of intellectual property claims against the company grows. In addition, various non-practicing entities that own patents and other intellectual property rights have asserted, and may in the future attempt to assert, intellectual property claims against us to extract value through licensing or other settlements. 
 From time to time, we receive letters from patent holders alleging that the Nextdoor platform infringes on their patent rights and from trademark holders alleging infringement of their trademark rights. We also receive letters from holders of copyrighted content alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights. Our technologies and content, including the content that neighbors upload to the platform, may not be able to withstand such third-party claims. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 With respect to any intellectual property claims, we may have to seek a license to continue using technologies or engaging in practices found to be in violation of a third-party s rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating expenses. A license to continue such technologies or practices may not be available to us at all and we may be required to discontinue use of such technologies or practices or to develop alternative non-infringing technologies or practices. The development of alternative non-infringing technologies or practices could require significant effort and expense or may not be achievable at all. Our business, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed as a result. 
 The obligations associated with operating as a public company require significant resources and management attention and have, and will continue to, cause us to incur additional expenses, which will adversely affect our profitability. 
 Operating as a public company has and is expected to continue to increase our expenses as a result of the additional accounting, legal and various other additional expenses associated with operating as a public company and complying with public company disclosure obligations. We are required to comply with certain requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the listing requirements of the NYSE and other applicable securities rules and regulations. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results with the SEC. We are also required to ensure that we have the ability to prepare financial statements that are fully compliant with all SEC reporting requirements on a timely basis. Compliance with these rules and regulations has increased, and will continue to increase, our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. As a public company, we have and will continue to, among other things: 
 prepare and distribute periodic public reports and other stockholder communications in compliance with our obligations under the federal securities laws; 
 create or expand the roles and duties of our Board of Directors and committees of the Board of Directors; 
 institute more comprehensive financial reporting and disclosure compliance functions; and 
 establish new and enhance existing internal policies, including those relating to disclosure controls and procedures. 
 These changes, and the additional involvement of accountants and legal advisors, will require a significant commitment of additional resources. We might not be successful in complying with these obligations and the significant commitment of resources required for complying with them could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. Moreover, the cost of our directors and officers insurance coverage has increased as a public company. In the future, it may be more expensive or more difficult for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors would also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors and qualified executive officers. 
 Failure to maintain effective systems of internal controls and disclosure controls could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Effective internal and disclosure controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud and to operate successfully as a public company. We are required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to design and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. 
 Our current controls and any new controls we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, weaknesses in our internal controls may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our operating results, may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, and could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in the periodic reports we will file with the SEC. Our independent registered public accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed or operating. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that are filed with the SEC. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable to public companies, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Although we have already hired additional employees to assist us in complying with these requirements, we may need to hire more employees in the future, or engage outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses. 
 We are obligated to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. If we identify material weaknesses in the future, or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or operating results, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our Class A common stock. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the NYSE. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls, internal control over financial reporting and other procedures that are designed to ensure information required to be disclosed by us in our financial statements and in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting related costs and significant management oversight. 
 If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control, including as a result of any identified material weakness, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the NYSE. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality, assignment, and license agreements with our employees, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent, trade secret, and domain name protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. In the United States and internationally, we have filed various applications for protection of certain aspects of our intellectual property, and we currently hold issued patents and copyrights in the United States, issued copyrights in the United States, and multiple trademark registrations in the United States and other foreign countries. Third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights, third parties may challenge proprietary rights held by us, and pending and future trademark and patent applications may not be approved. 
 Any issued patents may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and any rights granted under these patents may not actually provide adequate defensive protection or competitive advantages to us. Patent applications in the United States are typically not published until at least 18 months after filing, or, in some cases, not at all. We cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our pending patent applications or that we were the first to file for patent protection. Additionally, the process of obtaining patent protection is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Recent changes to the patent laws in the United States may also bring into question the validity of certain software patents and may make it more difficult and costly to prosecute patent applications. Such changes may lead to uncertainties or increased costs and risks surrounding the prosecution, validity, ownership, enforcement, and defense of our issued patents and patent applications and other intellectual property, the outcome of third-party claims of infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of intellectual property brought against us and the actual or enhanced damages (including treble 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 damages) that may be awarded in connection with any such current or future claims, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We rely on our trademarks, trade names, and brand names to distinguish our platform from the products of our competitors. However, third parties may have already registered identical or similar marks for products or solutions that also address the software market. Efforts by third parties to limit use of our brand names or trademarks and barriers to the registration of brand names and trademarks may restrict our ability to promote and maintain a cohesive brand throughout our key markets. There can also be no assurance that pending or future U.S. or foreign trademark applications will be approved in a timely manner or at all, or that such registrations will effectively protect our brand names and trademarks. Third parties may also oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our platform, which would result in loss of brand recognition and would require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. 
 In addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we operate or intend to operate our business. In any or all of these cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense in order to prevent infringement or to enforce our rights. Although we have generally taken measures to protect our proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that others will not offer products or concepts that are substantially similar to ours and compete with our business. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic the Nextdoor platform and methods of operations. 
 To prevent substantial unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, it may be necessary to prosecute actions for infringement and/or misappropriation of our proprietary rights against third parties. Any such action could result in significant costs and diversion of our resources and management s attention, and we cannot assure that we will be successful in such action. Furthermore, many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights (or to contest claims of infringement) than we do. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from knowingly or unknowingly infringing upon, misappropriating or circumventing our intellectual property rights. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights (including aspects of our software and platform protected other than by patent rights), we will find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the additional expense, time and effort required to create our platform. Moreover, we may need to expend additional resources to defend our intellectual property rights in foreign countries, and our inability to do so could impair our business, results of operations and financial condition or adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and proprietary information. 
 We have devoted substantial resources to the development of our intellectual property and proprietary rights. To protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, we rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, vendors, licensees, independent contractors and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Effective trade secret protection may also not be available in every country in which the Nextdoor platform is available or where we have employees or independent contractors. The loss of trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with the Nextdoor platform by copying functionality. In addition, any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, the trade secret and employment laws in any country in which we operate may compromise our ability to enforce our trade secret and intellectual property rights. In addition, others may independently discover trade secrets and proprietary information and in such cases, we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 
 Third parties may claim that our platform infringes their intellectual property rights and this may create liability for us or otherwise adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Third parties may claim that the Nextdoor platform infringes their intellectual property rights, and such claims may result in legal claims against us and our technology partners and customers. These claims may damage our brand and reputation and create liability for us. We expect the number of such claims to increase as the functionality of our platform overlaps with that of other products and services, and as the volume of issued software patents and patent applications continues to increase. 
 Companies in the software and technology industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, many of these companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. Furthermore, patent holding companies, non-practicing entities, and other adverse 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 patent owners that are not deterred by our existing intellectual property protections may seek to assert patent claims against us. We have received, and may in the future receive, notices that claim we have misappropriated, misused, or infringed other parties intellectual property rights, and, to the extent we gain greater market visibility, we may face a higher risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. 
 We may also face exposure to third-party intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, or violation actions if we engage software engineers or other personnel who were previously engaged by competitors or other third parties and those personnel inadvertently or deliberately incorporate proprietary technology of third parties into our products. In addition, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. A loss of key personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to develop, market and support potential products or enhancements, which could severely harm our business. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or litigate, and could divert our management s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for damages, potentially including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights. These claims could also result in us having to stop using technology found to be in violation of a third party s rights. We might be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. Alternatively, we could be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant time, effort, and expense, and may affect the performance or features of our platform. If we cannot license or develop alternative non-infringing substitutes for any infringing technology used in any aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit use of our platform. Any of these results would adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our use of open source software could subject us to possible litigation or could prevent us from offering products that include open source software or require us to obtain licenses on unfavorable terms. 
 A portion of the technologies we use incorporates open source software, and we may incorporate open source software in the future. Open source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses. These licenses may subject us to certain unfavorable conditions, including requirements that we offer our products that incorporate the open source software for no cost, that we make publicly available the source code for any modifications or derivative work we create based upon, incorporating or using the open source software, or that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license. From time to time, companies that use third-party open source software have also faced claims challenging the use of such open source software and their compliance with the terms of the applicable open source license. We may be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software, or claiming non-compliance with the applicable open source licensing terms. 
 In addition to using open source software, we also license to others some of our software through open source projects. Open sourcing our own software requires the company to make the source code publicly available, and therefore can affect our ability to protect our intellectual property rights with respect to that software. Additionally, if a third-party software provider has incorporated open source software into software that we license from such provider, we could be required to disclose any of our source code that incorporates or is a modification or derivative work of such licensed software. If an author or other third party that distributes open source software that we use or license were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of the applicable license, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from offering our products that contained the open source software, required to release proprietary source code, required to obtain licenses from third parties or otherwise required to comply with the unfavorable conditions unless and until we can re-engineer the product so that it complies with the open source license or does not incorporate the open source software. 
 The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and accordingly there is a risk that those licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our platform. In that event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our platform, to re-develop our platform, or to release our proprietary source code under the terms of an open source license, any of which could harm our business. Enforcement activity for open source licenses can also be unpredictable. Were it determined that our use was not in compliance with a particular license, we may be required to release our proprietary source code, defend claims, pay damages for breach of contract or copyright infringement, grant licenses to our patents, re-engineer our platform, or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our product development efforts, any of which could negatively impact our business. Open source compliance problems can also result in damage to reputation and challenges in recruitment or retention of engineering personnel. Further, given the nature of open source software, it may be more likely that third parties might assert copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims against us based on our use of these open source software programs. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, or require us to devote additional development resources to change our platform. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 We license technology from third parties, and our inability to maintain those licenses could harm our business. 
 We currently incorporate, and will in the future continue to incorporate, technology that we license from third parties, including software, into our platform. Licensing technologies from third parties exposes us to increased risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement due to, among other things, our lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology and the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. We cannot be certain that our licensors do not or will not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties or that our licensors have or will have sufficient rights to the licensed intellectual property in all jurisdictions in which we operate. Some of our agreements with our licensors may be terminated by them for convenience, or otherwise provide for a limited term. If we are unable to continue to license technology because of intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties against our licensors or against us, or if we are unable to continue our license agreements or enter into new licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our ability to develop our platform that is dependent on that technology would be limited, and our business could be harmed. Additionally, if we are unable to license technology from third parties, we may be forced to acquire or develop alternative technology, which we may be unable to do in a commercially feasible manner or at all, and may require us to use alternative technology of lower quality or performance standards. As a result, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be volatile and could be subject to fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock include the following: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our user growth, retention, engagement, revenue, or other operating results; 
 developments involving our competitors; 
 variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors, and the financial community; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 
 any forward-looking financial or operating information we may provide to the public or securities analysts, any changes in this information, or our failure to meet expectations based on this information; 
 publication of research reports by securities analysts about us, our competitors or our industry; 
 the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 
 additional shares of our Class A common stock being sold into the market by us or our existing stockholders, or the anticipation of such sales, or if existing stockholders subject to a lock-up sell shares into the market when applicable lock-up periods end; 
 additions and departures of key personnel; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 
 the volume of shares of our Class A common stock available for public sale; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 
 announcements by us or estimates by third parties of actual or anticipated changes in the size of our user base or the level of user engagement; 
 changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of technology companies in our industry, including our partners and competitors; 
 the impact of interest rate increases on the overall stock market and the market for technology company stocks; 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 
 developments in new legislation and pending lawsuits or regulatory actions, including interim or final rulings by judicial or regulatory bodies; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from recessions, rising inflation, changing interest rates, local and national elections, actual or perceived instability in the global banking system, international currency fluctuations, corruption, political instability and acts of war or terrorism, such as the war in Ukraine and in the Middle East. 
 
 In addition, extreme price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets have affected and continue to affect many technology companies stock prices. Often, their stock prices have fluctuated in ways unrelated or disproportionate to the companies operating performance. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and seriously harm our business. 
 The dual class structure of our common stock may adversely affect the trading market for our Class A common stock. 
 Certain stock index providers limit the eligibility of public companies with multiple classes of shares of common stock from inclusion in their indices. In addition, several shareholder advisory firms have announced their opposition to the use of multiple class structures. As a result, the dual class structure of our common stock may prevent the inclusion of our Class A common stock in such indices and may cause shareholder advisory firms to publish negative commentary about our corporate governance practices or otherwise seek to cause us to change our capital structure. Any such exclusion from indices could result in a less active trading market for our Class A common stock. Any actions or publications by shareholder advisory firms critical of our corporate governance practices or capital structure could also adversely affect the value of our Class A common stock. 
 
 The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with our management and other existing stockholders, which will limit your ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change in control. 
 Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Stockholders who hold shares of our Class B common stock, including certain of our executive officers, employees, and directors and their affiliates, together hold a substantial majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock as of September 30, 2024. Because of the 10-to-1 voting ratio between our Class B common stock and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively control a majority of the combined voting power of common stock and therefore are able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval so long as the shares of Class B common stock represent at least 9.1 of all outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock. This concentrated control will limit or preclude your ability to influence the outcome of important corporate matters, including a change in control, for the foreseeable future. 
 Transfers by holders of our Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning or charitable purposes. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. 
 We do not intend to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the further development and expansion of our business, as well as to fund our Share Repurchase Program, and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained in future agreements and financing instruments, business prospects and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our Class A common stock if the market price of our Class A common stock increases. 
 If analysts do not publish research about our business or if they publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that analysts publish about our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If one or more of the analysts who cover our company downgrade our Class A common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our Class A common stock would likely decline. If few analysts cover our company, demand for our Class A common stock could decrease and our Class A common 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 stock price and trading volume may decline. Similar results may occur if one or more of these analysts stop covering us in the future or fail to publish reports on us regularly. 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 
 Future resales of our Class A common stock may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of our Class A common stock intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. As of September 30, 2024, we had 212,188,996 shares of our Class A common stock outstanding. We have filed a registration statement related to the offer and sale from time to time by the selling securityholders named in the prospectus that forms a part of the registration statement of up to 206,159,498 shares of our Class A common stock, which registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC. To the extent shares are sold into the market pursuant to a registration statement that has been declared effective by the SEC, under Rule 144 or otherwise, particularly in substantial quantities, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law, including anti-takeover provisions, could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), including anti-takeover provisions, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a merger, acquisition or other change of control of the company that our stockholders may consider favorable. In addition, because our Board of Directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our Board of Directors. Among other things, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws include provisions that: 
 provide that our Board of Directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms; 
 permit our Board of Directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships; 
 require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws; 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our Board of Directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; 
 provide that only our chairperson of the Board of Directors, our chief executive officer, the lead independent director or a majority of our Board of Directors will be authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders; 
 eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 
 do not provide for cumulative voting; 
 provide that directors may only be removed for cause and only with the approval of two-thirds of our stockholders; 
 provide for a dual class common stock structure in which holders of our Class B common stock may have the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock, including the election of directors and other significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 provide that our Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our Bylaws; and 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 
 Moreover, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations, and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation contains exclusive forum provisions for certain claims, which may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, to the fullest extent permitted by law, will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 Moreover, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act Federal Forum Provision ). Our decision to adopt a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. While there can be no assurance that federal or state courts will follow the holding of the Delaware Supreme Court or determine that the Federal Forum Provision should be enforced in a particular case, application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. 
 Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all claims brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. In addition, the Federal Forum Provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in federal court. 
 Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On March 26, 2021, KVSB consummated its initial public offering of 40,000,000 public shares. On March 30, 2021 in connection with the underwriters election to partially exercise their over-allotment option, KVSB sold an additional 1,634,412 public shares to cover over-allotments. The public shares were sold at a price of 10.00 per share, generating total gross proceeds of 416.3 million from the initial public offering and partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-253098). The registration statement became effective on March 23, 2021. 
 
 Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, KVSB consummated a private placement of 1,100,000 private placement shares, at a price of 10.00 per share, to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to KVSB of 11.0 million. In connection with the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option that closed on March 30, 2021, KVSB also consummated the sale 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 of an additional 32,688 private placement shares to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 0.3 million. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 
 KVSB incurred 23.6 million in offering costs for its initial public offering including 14.6 million of deferred underwriting fees, 8.3 million of underwriting discounts and commissions, and 0.7 million of other costs. Following the initial public offering, the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the private placement shares, a total of 416.3 million was deposited into the trust account for the purpose of effecting an initial business combination. As of November 5, 2021, the record date of the Business Combination, there was 416.4 million held in the trust account. After deducting payments to existing KVSB shareholders of 12.2 million in connection with their exercise of redemption rights, the payment of the 14.6 million of deferred underwriting fees, and 28.9 million of expenses in connection with the Business Combination paid from the trust account, the remainder of the trust account is now held on our balance sheet to fund our operations and continued growth. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table summarizes share repurchase activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (2) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of the Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Pans or Programs (in thousands) July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 2,966,046 2.78 2,966,046 111,030 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 4,213,752 2.54 4,213,752 100,321 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 339,965 2.51 339,965 99,468 Total 7,519,763 7,519,763 
 (1) On May 31, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized and approved the Share Repurchase Program to repurchase up to 100.0 million in aggregate of our Class A common stock, with the authorization to expire on June 30, 2024. On February 21, 2024, our Board of Directors authorized and approved an increase of 150.0 million to the Share Repurchase Program and extended the expiration date to March 31, 2026. 
 (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 Our officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) Section 16 officers are only permitted to trade in our securities pursuant to a prearranged trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan ). During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our Section 16 officers or any Rule 10b5-1 Plans. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit Number Description Incorporated by Reference Form Exhibit Filing Date 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 # 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 # 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Date File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _____________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 # This certification is deemed not filed for purpose of section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

68 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 6, 2024 
 NEXTDOOR HOLDINGS, INC. By: /s/ Nirav Tolia Name: Nirav Tolia Title: Chief Executive Officer and President 
 Principal Executive Officer 
 
 By: /s/ Matt Anderson 
 Name: Matt Anderson 
 Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 69 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a311ceo302certification-q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Nirav Tolia, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s Nirav Tolia 
 Nirav Tolia Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairperson of the Board of Directors 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a312cfo302certification-q3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matt Anderson , certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 By s Matt Anderson 
 Matt Anderson Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a321ceo906certification-q3.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 6, 2024 By s Nirav Tolia 
 Nirav Tolia Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairperson of the Board of Directors 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a322cfo906certification-q3.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 6, 2024 By s Matt Anderson Matt Anderson Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kvsb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 kvsb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kvsb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kvsb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kvsb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

