<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1425292_0001425292-24-000021.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6337007</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98582</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2647935</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1537489</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1112515</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>842690</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001425292-24-000021.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029162711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001425292-24-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CVR PARTNERS, LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001425292
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				562677689
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35120
		FILM NUMBER:		241406114

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2277 PLAZA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77479
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 207-3200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2277 PLAZA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77479

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001425292-24-000021.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 cvi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

cvi-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 _____________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 There were common units representing limited partner interests of CVR Partners, LP common units outstanding at October 25, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 CVR PARTNERS, LP - Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 PART I. Financial Information 
 PART II. Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Condensed Con solidate d Balance Sheets - September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 32 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 32 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 32 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 8 
 Signatures 
 33 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 9 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 31 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (including documents incorporated by reference herein) contains statements with respect to our expectations or beliefs as to future events. These types of statements are forward-looking and subject to uncertainties. See Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements section of this filing. 

September 30, 2024 | 2 

Table of Contents 

 Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including, but not limited to, those under Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including without limitation, statements regarding future operations, financial position, estimated revenues and losses, growth, capital projects, unit repurchases, impacts of legal proceedings, projected costs, prospects, plans, and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. The words could , believe , anticipate , intend , estimate , expect , may , continue , predict , potential , project , and similar terms and phrases are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 
 Although we believe our assumptions concerning future events are reasonable, a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause actual results and trends to differ materially from those projected or forward-looking. Forward-looking statements, as well as certain risks, contingencies, or uncertainties that may impact our forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 our ability to generate distributable cash or make cash distributions on our common units, including reserves and future uses of cash; 
 the ability of our general partner to modify or revoke our distribution policy at any time; 
 the volatile, cyclical, and seasonal nature of our business and the variable nature of our distributions; 
 the effects of changes in market conditions; market volatility; fertilizer, natural gas, and other commodity prices; inflation, and the impact of such changes on our operating results and financial condition; 
 the impact of weather on our business, including our ability to produce, market, sell, transport or deliver fertilizer products profitably or at all, and on commodity supply and/or pricing; 
 the dependence of our operations on a few third-party suppliers, including providers of feedstocks, transportation services, and equipment; 
 our reliance on, or our ability to procure economically or at all, petroleum coke pet coke we purchase from subsidiaries of CVR Energy, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, but excluding the Partnership and its subsidiaries, CVR Energy and other third-party suppliers; 
 our reliance on the natural gas, electricity, oxygen, nitrogen, sulfur processing, compressed dry air and other products that we purchase from third parties; 
 the supply, availability, and prices of raw materials and the effects of inflation thereupon; 
 our production levels, including the risk of a material decline in those levels and/or our ability to upgrade ammonia to UAN; 
 product pricing, including spot and contracted sales, the timing thereof, and our ability to realize market prices, in full or at all; 
 accidents or other unscheduled shutdowns or interruptions affecting our facilities, machinery, people, or equipment, or those of our suppliers or customers; 
 potential operating hazards from accidents, fire, severe weather, tornadoes, floods or other natural disasters; 
 operational upsets or changes in laws that could impact our ability to qualify for, the amount of, and/or the receipt of credits (if any) under Section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
 our ability to meet certain carbon oxide capture and sequestration milestones; 
 our ability to obtain, retain, or renew permits, licenses (including technology licenses) and authorizations to operate our business; 
 competition in the nitrogen fertilizer business and foreign wheat and coarse grain production, including impacts thereof as a result of farm planting acreage, domestic and global supply and demand, and domestic or international duties, tariffs, or other factors; 
 changes in our credit profile and the effects of higher interest rates and/or restrictions in our current or future debt agreements; 
 existing and future laws, rulings and regulations, or amplification thereof, including but not limited to those relating to the environment, climate change, and/or the transportation or production of hazardous chemicals, materials, or substances, like ammonia, including potential liabilities or capital requirements arising from such laws, rulings, or regulations and our expectations concerning the impacts of such laws, regulations or rulings on macroeconomic factors, including consumer activity; 
 political uncertainty in light of the upcoming November 2024 United States presidential election and impacts to the oil and gas industry and the United States economy generally as a result of actions taken by a new administration; 
 erosion of demand for our products due to or other impacts of climate change and environmental, social and governance initiatives or other factors, whether from regulators, rating agencies, lenders, investors, litigants, customers, vendors, the public or others; 
 alternative energy or fuel sources and impacts on corn prices (ethanol), and the end-use and application of fertilizers; 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 3 

Table of Contents 

 risks of terrorism, cybersecurity attacks, the security of chemical manufacturing facilities and other matters beyond our control; 
 political disturbances, geopolitical conflicts, instability (including but not limited to volatility in the capital, credit and commodities markets and in the global economy) and tensions, and associated changes in global trade policies and economic sanctions, including, but not limited to, in connection with the Russia-Ukraine war and the conflict in the Middle East and any continued spread or expansion thereof, and any other ongoing or potential global or regional conflicts; 
 our lack of asset diversification; 
 our dependence on significant customers and the creditworthiness and performance by counterparties; 
 our potential loss of transportation cost advantage over our competitors; 
 risks associated with third-party operation of or control over important facilities necessary for operation of our nitrogen fertilizer facilities; 
 the volatile nature of ammonia, potential liability for accidents involving ammonia including damage or injury to persons, property, the environment or human health and increased costs related to the transport or production of ammonia; 
 our potential inability to successfully implement our business strategies, including the completion of significant capital programs or projects; 
 our reliance on CVR Energy s management team and conflicts of interest they may face operating each of CVR Partners and CVR Energy; 
 control of our general partner by CVR Energy and control of CVR Energy by its controlling shareholder, including but not limited to competition, transactions, and/or conflicts with CVR Energy and its affiliates; 
 the potential inability to successfully implement our business strategies at all or on time and within our anticipated budgets, including significant capital programs or projects and turnarounds at our fertilizer facilities and the costs thereof; 
 asset useful lives and impairments and impacts thereof; 
 realizable inventory value; 
 the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our common units; 
 our ability to issue securities or obtain financing at favorable rates or at all; 
 bank failures or other events affecting financial institutions; 
 changes in tax and other law, regulations and policies; 
 impact of potential runoff of water containing nitrogen based fertilizer into waterways and regulatory or legal actions in response thereto; 
 changes in our treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income or state tax purposes; 
 rulings, judgments or settlements in litigation, tax or other legal or regulatory matters; 
 risks related to potential strategic transactions involving the Partnership or interests therein in which CVR Energy and its controlling shareholder or others may participate; 
 the cost and value of payouts under our equity and non-equity incentive plans; 
 the cost and/or availability of insurance and our ability to recover under our insurance policies for damages or losses in full or at all; 
 labor supply shortages, labor difficulties, labor disputes or strikes; and 
 the factors described in greater detail under Risk Factors in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 All forward-looking statements included in this Report are based on information available to us on the date of this Report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Information About Us 
 
 Investors should note that we make available, free of charge on our website at www.CVRPartners.com, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We also post announcements, updates, events, investor information and presentations on our website in addition to copies of all recent news releases. We may use the Investor Relations section of our website to communicate with investors. It is possible that the financial and other information posted there could be deemed to be material information. Documents and information on our website are not incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (unaudited) 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS CAPITAL Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accounts payable to affiliates Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt, net Long-term deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies See Note 11 
 and units issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 General partner interest Total partners capital Total liabilities and partners capital 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

September 30, 2024 | 5 

CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per unit data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 
 Operating costs and expenses: 
 Cost of materials and other 
 Direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Cost of sales 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Loss on asset disposal Operating income Other (expense) income: 
 Interest expense, net 
 ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) Income before income tax expense Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income Basic and diluted earnings per common unit Weighted-average common units outstanding: Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

September 30, 2024 | 6 

Table of Contents 

 CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS CAPITAL 
 (unaudited) Common Units General Partner Interest Total Partners Capital (in thousands, except unit data) Issued Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 Net income Cash distributions to common unitholders - Affiliates ) ) Cash distributions to common unitholders - Non-affiliates ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 Net income Cash distributions to common unitholders - Affiliates ) ) Cash distributions to common unitholders - Non-affiliates ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 Net income Cash distributions to common unitholders - Affiliates ) ) Cash distributions to common unitholders - Non-affiliates ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Common Units General Partner Interest Total Partners Capital (in thousands, except unit data) Issued Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 Net income Cash distributions to common unitholders - Affiliates ) ) Cash distributions to common unitholders - Non-affiliates ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 Net income Cash distributions to common unitholders - Affiliates ) ) Cash distributions to common unitholders - Non-affiliates ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 Net income Cash distributions to common unitholders - Affiliates ) ) Cash distributions to common unitholders - Non-affiliates ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

September 30, 2024 | 7 

Table of Contents 

 CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Other adjustments Change in assets and liabilities: Current assets and liabilities Non-current assets and liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Return of equity method investment Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Cash distributions to common unitholders - Affiliates ) ) Cash distributions to common unitholders - Non-affiliates ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

September 30, 2024 | 8 

Table of Contents 
 
 CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

manufacturing facilities, located in Coffeyville, Kansas operated by our wholly owned subsidiary, Coffeyville Resources Nitrogen Fertilizers, LLC CRNF (the Coffeyville Facility and located in East Dubuque, Illinois operated by our wholly owned subsidiary, East Dubuque Nitrogen Fertilizers, LLC EDNF (the East Dubuque Facility ). Both facilities manufacture ammonia and are able to further upgrade such ammonia to other nitrogen fertilizer products, principally urea ammonium nitrate UAN ). Nitrogen fertilizer is used by farmers to improve the yield and quality of their crops, primarily corn and wheat. The Partnership s products are sold on a wholesale basis in the United States of America. As used in these financial statements, references to CVR Partners, the Partnership, we , us , and our may refer to consolidated subsidiaries of CVR Partners or one or both of the facilities, as the context may require. 
 
 Interest Holders 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, public common unitholders held approximately of the Partnership s outstanding limited partner interests; CVR Services, LLC CVR Services ), a wholly owned subsidiary of CVR Energy, held the remaining approximately of the Partnership s outstanding limited partner interests; and CVR GP, LLC (the General Partner ), a wholly owned subsidiary of CVR Energy, held of the Partnership s general partner interest. As of September 30, 2024, Icahn Enterprises L.P. and its affiliates owned approximately of the common stock of CVR Energy. 
 
 Management and Operations 
 
 The Partnership, including the General Partner, is managed by a combination of the Board, the General Partner s executive officers, CVR Services (as sole member of the General Partner), and certain officers of CVR Energy and its subsidiaries, pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, as well as a number of agreements among the Partnership, the General Partner, CVR Energy, and certain of their respective subsidiaries, including certain services agreements. See Part II, Item 8 of CVR Partners Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion. Common unitholders have limited voting rights on matters affecting the Partnership and have no right to elect the General Partner s directors or officers, whether on an annual or continuing basis or otherwise. 

September 30, 2024 | 9 

Table of Contents 
 
 CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

Raw materials Parts, supplies and other Total inventories 

Buildings and improvements Automotive equipment Land and improvements Construction in progress Other Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization expense related to property, plant, and equipment was million and million, respectively, which includes million and million, respectively, of additional depreciation expense, which resulted from the Partnership updating the estimated useful lives of certain assets due to planned asset retirements, including granular urea production assets, compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 10 

Table of Contents 
 
 CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

million and million, respectively, compared to million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

interest in CVR-CapturePoint Parent, LLC CVRP JV in connection with a modification to a carbon oxide contract CO Contract with a customer. The Partnership applied the variable interest entity VIE model under FASB ASC Topic 810, Consolidation, to its variable interest in CVRP JV and determined that CVRP JV is a VIE. While the Partnership concluded it is not the primary beneficiary of CVRP JV, it does have significant influence over CVRP JV s operating and financial policies and, therefore, applied the equity method of accounting for its investment in CVRP JV. 
 
 The Partnership valued the equity interest received using a combination of the market approach and the discounted cash flow methodology with key inputs including the discount rate, contractual and expected future cash flows, and market multiples. The fair value of the consideration received, which was a non-recurring Level 3 measurement as defined by FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements , was estimated to be million in January 2023 based on the use of the Partnership s own assumptions described above. 
 
 The Partnership deferred the recognition of the noncash consideration received at inception and has been recognizing the associated revenue proportionally as the performance obligations associated with the CO Contract are satisfied. Refer to Note 9 Revenue for further discussion. The Partnership has elected to record its share of the earnings or loss of CVRP JV one quarter in arrears. Distributions received from CVRP JV will reduce the Partnership s equity method investment and will be recorded in the period they are received. 
 
 Cash contributions Cash distributions (1) 
 ) Equity loss ) Balance at March 31, 2024 Cash contributions Cash distributions ) Equity loss ) Balance at June 30, 2024 Cash distributions ) Equity loss ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 (1) Includes a million distribution to the Partnership for CVRP JV exceeding certain carbon oxide capture and sequestration milestones during 2023. 

September 30, 2024 | 11 

Table of Contents 
 
 CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

 Real estate and other Lease liability Railcars Real estate and other 
 
 Lease Expense Summary for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 We recognize operating lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term within Direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) and Cost of materials and other. 
 Short-term lease expense 
 
 Lease Commitments Not Yet Commenced 
 
 CRNF is party to an On-Site Product Supply Agreement with Messer LLC. Based on terms outlined in this agreement, the Partnership expects this contract to be recorded as a finance lease with approximately million being capitalized upon lease commencement when the asset is placed in service, which is currently expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2024. Refer to Part II, Item 8, Note 6 Leases of our 2023 Form 10-K for further information. 

Personnel accruals Operating lease liabilities Share-based compensation Accrued taxes other than income taxes Sales incentives Other accrued expenses and liabilities Total other current liabilities 

September 30, 2024 | 12 

Table of Contents 
 
 CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

 Senior Secured Notes, due June 2028 (1) 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 (1) The Senior Secured Notes, due June 2028 had an estimated fair value of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The fair value estimate is a Level 2 measurement, as defined by FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements , as it was determined by quotations obtained from a broker-dealer who makes a market in these and similar securities. 
 
 Credit Agreements 
 (in thousands) Total Available Borrowing Capacity Amount Borrowed as of September 30, 2024 Outstanding Letters of Credit Available Capacity as of September 30, 2024 Maturity Date ABL Credit Facility September 26, 2028 
 
 Covenant Compliance 
 
 The Partnership and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all covenants under their respective debt instruments as of September 30, 2024. 

UAN Urea products Net sales, exclusive of freight and other Freight revenue (1) 
 Other revenue (2) 
 Total revenue 
 
 (1) Freight revenue recognized by the Partnership represents the pass-through finished goods delivery costs incurred prior to customer acceptance and are reimbursed by customers. An offsetting expense for freight is included in Cost of materials and other. 
 (2) Includes revenue from (i) nitric acid sales and (ii) carbon oxide sales, including sales made in connection with the 45Q Transaction and the noncash consideration received, which is recognized as the performance obligation associated with the CO Contract is satisfied over its term through April 2030. Revenue, if any, from the CO Contract is recognized over time based on carbon oxide volumes measured at delivery. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 We have spot and term contracts with customers and the transaction prices are either fixed or based on market indices (variable consideration). We do not disclose remaining performance obligations for contracts that have terms of one year or less and for contracts where the variable consideration was entirely allocated to an unsatisfied performance obligation. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Partnership had approximately million of remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original expected duration of more than one year. The Partnership expects to recognize million of these 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 13 

Table of Contents 
 
 CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

 million in 2025, an additional million in 2026, and the remaining balance in 2027. 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Partnership recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, that was included in the deferred revenue balances as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

Other Awards (1) 
 Total share-based compensation expense 

million per year (reduced pro rata for partial years) to the unaffiliated third-party investors, subject to an overall million cap, if these minimum quantities are not delivered. The Partnership issued a guarantee to the unaffiliated third-party investors and certain of their affiliates involved in the 45Q Transaction of the payment and performance obligations of CRNF and CVRP JV, which include the aforementioned fees. This guarantee has no impacts on the accounting records of the Partnership unless the parties fail to comply with the terms of the 45Q Transaction contracts. 

September 30, 2024 | 14 

Table of Contents 
 
 CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

 Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Noncash investing and financing activities: Change in capital expenditures included in accounts payable 

CVRP JV Expenses from related parties: (2) 
 CVR Energy subsidiary CVR Services 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Accounts payable to affiliates (3) 

(1) Sales to related parties, included in Net sales in our condensed consolidated financial statements, consist of (a) sales of feedstocks and services under the Master Service Agreement with CRNF (the Coffeyville MSA and (b) CO sales to CVRP JV and its subsidiaries. 
 (2) Expenses from related parties, included in Cost of materials and other, Direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization), and Selling, general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated financial statements, consist primarily of pet coke and hydrogen purchased under the Coffeyville MSA and management and other professional services from CVR Services under the Corporate MSA. 
 (3) Consists primarily of amounts payable to CVR Energy subsidiaries under the Coffeyville MSA and Corporate MSA. 
 
 Distributions to CVR Partners Unitholders 
 
 Distributions, if any, including the payment, amount, and timing thereof, and the Board s distribution policy, including the definition of Available Cash for Distribution, are subject to change at the discretion of the Board. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 15 

Table of Contents 
 
 CVR PARTNERS, LP AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

 2024 - 1st Quarter 
 May 20, 2024 2024 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 19, 2024 Total 2024 quarterly distributions 

Quarterly Distributions Paid (in thousands) 
 Related Period Date Paid Quarterly Distributions Per Common Unit Public Unitholders CVR Energy Total 2022 - 4th Quarter 
 March 13, 2023 2023 - 1st Quarter 
 May 22, 2023 2023 - 2nd Quarter 
 August 21, 2023 2023 - 3rd Quarter 
 November 20, 2023 Total 2023 quarterly distributions 

For the third quarter of 2024, the Partnership, upon approval by the Board on October 28, 2024, declared a distribution of per common unit, or million, which is payable November 18, 2024 to unitholders of record as of November 8, 2024. Of this amount, CVR Energy will receive approximately million, with the remaining amount payable to public unitholders. 

September 30, 2024 | 16 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes and with the statistical information and financial data appearing in this Report, as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on February 21, 2024 (the 2023 Form 10-K ). Results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of results to be attained for any other period. See Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Reflected in this discussion and analysis is how management views the Partnership s current financial condition and results of operations along with key external variables and management actions that may impact the Partnership. Understanding significant external variables, such as market conditions, weather, and seasonal trends, among others, and management actions taken to manage the Partnership, address external variables, among others, which will increase users understanding of the Partnership, its financial condition and results of operations. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report. 

Partnership Overview 
 
 CVR Partners, LP CVR Partners or the Partnership is a Delaware limited partnership formed in 2011 by CVR Energy, Inc. CVR Energy to own, operate, and grow its nitrogen fertilizer business. The Partnership produces and distributes nitrogen fertilizer products, which are used by farmers to improve the yield and quality of their crops. The Partnership produces these products at two manufacturing facilities, one located in Coffeyville, Kansas operated by its wholly owned subsidiary, Coffeyville Resources Nitrogen Fertilizers, LLC CRNF (the Coffeyville Facility and one located in East Dubuque, Illinois operated by its wholly owned subsidiary, East Dubuque Nitrogen Fertilizers, LLC EDNF (the East Dubuque Facility ). Our principal products are ammonia and urea ammonium nitrate UAN ). All of our products are sold on a wholesale basis. References to CVR Partners, the Partnership, we , us , and our may refer to consolidated subsidiaries of CVR Partners or one or both of the facilities, as the context may require. Additionally, as the context may require, references to CVR Energy may refer to CVR Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries which include its petroleum and renewables refining, marketing, and logistics operations. 

Strategy and Goals 
 
 The Partnership has adopted Mission and Values, which articulate the Partnership s expectations for how it and its employees do business each and every day. 
 
 Mission and Core Values 
 
 Our Mission is to be a top tier North American nitrogen-based fertilizer company as measured by safe and reliable operations, superior performance and profitable growth. The foundation of how we operate is built on five core Values: 
 
 Safety - We always put safety first. The protection of our employees, contractors and communities is paramount. We have an unwavering commitment to safety above all else. If it s not safe, then we don t do it. 
 
 Environment - We care for our environment. Complying with all regulations and minimizing any environmental impact from our operations is essential. We understand our obligation to the environment and that it s our duty to protect it. 
 
 Integrity - We require high business ethics. We comply with the law and practice sound corporate governance. We only conduct business one way the right way with integrity. 
 
 Corporate Citizenship - We are proud members of the communities where we operate. We are good neighbors and know that it s a privilege we can t take for granted. We seek to make a positive economic and social impact through 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 17 

Table of Contents 

 our financial donations and the contributions of time, knowledge and talent of our employees to the places where we live and work. 
 
 Continuous Improvement - We believe in both individual and team success. We foster accountability under a performance-driven culture that supports creative thinking, teamwork, diversity and personal development so that employees can realize their maximum potential. We use defined work practices for consistency, efficiency and to create value across the organization. 
 
 Our core Values are driven by our people, inform the way we do business each and every day and enhance our ability to accomplish our mission and related strategic objectives. 
 
 Strategic Objectives 
 
 We have outlined the following strategic objectives to drive the accomplishment of our mission: 
 
 Environmental, Health Safety EH S - We aim to achieve continuous improvement in all EH S areas through ensuring our people s commitment to environmental, health and safety comes first, the refinement of existing policies, continuous training, and enhanced monitoring procedures. 
 
 Reliability - Our goal is to achieve industry-leading utilization rates at both of our facilities through safe and reliable operations. We are focusing on improvements in day-to-day plant operations, identifying alternative sources for plant inputs to reduce lost time due to third-party operational constraints, and optimizing our commercial and marketing functions to maintain plant operations at their highest level. 
 
 Market Capture - We continuously evaluate opportunities to improve the facilities realized pricing at the gate and reduce variable costs incurred in production to maximize our capture of market opportunities. 
 
 Financial Discipline - We strive to be as efficient as possible by maintaining low operating costs and disciplined deployment of capital. 

Industry Factors and Market Indicators 
 Within the nitrogen fertilizer business, earnings and cash flows from operations are primarily affected by the relationship between nitrogen fertilizer product prices, utilization, and operating costs and expenses, including pet coke and natural gas feedstock costs. 
 
 The price at which nitrogen fertilizer products are ultimately sold depends on numerous factors, including the global supply and demand for nitrogen fertilizer products, which, in turn, depends on world grain demand and production levels, changes in world population, the cost and availability of fertilizer transportation infrastructure, weather conditions, the availability of imports, the availability and price of feedstocks to produce nitrogen fertilizer, and the extent of government intervention in agriculture markets, among other factors. 
 
 Nitrogen fertilizer prices are also affected by local factors, including local market conditions and the operating levels of competing facilities. An expansion or upgrade of competitors facilities, new facility development, political and economic developments, and other factors are likely to continue to play an important role in nitrogen fertilizer industry economics. These factors can impact, among other things, the level of inventories in the markets, resulting in price and product margin volatility. Moreover, the industry typically experiences seasonal fluctuations in demand for nitrogen fertilizer products. 
 
 General Business Environment 
 
 The Partnership believes the general business environment in which it operates will continue to remain volatile, driven by uncertainty around the availability and prices of its feedstocks, demand for and prices of its products, inflation, and existing and potential future global supply disruptions. As a result, future operating results and current and long-term financial conditions could be negatively impacted if economic conditions remain volatile and/or decline. The Partnership is not able at this time to predict the extent to which these conditions may have a material, or any, effect on its financial or operational results in future periods. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 18 

Table of Contents 

Regulatory Environment - Certain governmental regulations and incentives associated with the automobile transportation and agricultural industries, including the ones related to corn-based ethanol and sustainable aviation fuel production or consumption, can impact, and have directly impacted, our business. In June 2023, the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA announced the renewable volume obligations for 2023, 2024, and 2025 which maintained the conventional biofuel blending level at 15 billion gallons. These actions lead us to believe that the demand on food, in particular corn, for fuel will remain strong for the foreseeable future and support farmer economics that incentivize the use of nitrogen-based fertilizers. 
 
 In contrast, in March 2024, the EPA finalized motor vehicle emission standards for light-, medium-, and heavy-duty vehicles for model year 2027 and beyond, which could significantly reduce the use of internal combustion engine vehicles and the demand for liquid fuels, including ethanol. New heavy-truck requirements are also being proposed. In 2023, production of ethanol consumed approximately 38 of the annual United States corn crop used by the market. 
 
 There have been several proposed and enacted climate-related rules and compliance requirements, in various stages of approval, that, if finalized, could demand considerable efforts to comply with and could impact our disclosure controls and procedures as well as require additional disclosures in our regulatory filings. In addition, the current political environment and upcoming presidential election in the United States create uncertainty regarding existing and future laws, regulations, policies, or rulings, including the reinterpretation or amplification thereof by regulators, which may impact our business, operations, compliance costs, results and market stability. 
 
 Geopolitical Matters - The conflict in the Middle East, which began in October 2023 and has continued to escalate, and the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war can significantly impact global fertilizer and agriculture markets. These conflicts pose significant geopolitical risks to global markets, raise concerns of major implications, such as the enforcement of sanctions, and could disrupt the production and trade of fertilizer, grains, and feedstock through several means, such as trade restrictions. The ultimate outcome of these conflicts, or further escalation or expansion thereof, and any associated market disruptions are difficult to predict and may affect our business, operations, and cash flows in unforeseen ways. 
 
 Market Indicators 
 
 While there is risk of shorter-term volatility given the inherent nature of the commodity cycle and governmental and geopolitical risks, the Partnership believes the long-term fundamentals for the U.S. nitrogen fertilizer industry remain intact. The Partnership views the anticipated combination of (i) increasing global population, (ii) decreasing arable land per capita, (iii) continued evolution to more protein-based diets in developing countries, (iv) sustained use of corn and soybeans as feedstock for the domestic production of ethanol and other renewable fuels, and (v) positioning at the lower end of the global cost curve should provide a solid foundation for nitrogen fertilizer producers in the United States over the longer term. 
 
 Corn and soybeans are two major crops planted by farmers in North America. Corn crops result in the depletion of the amount of nitrogen within the soil in which it is grown, which in turn, results in the need for this nutrient to be replenished after each growing cycle. Unlike corn, soybeans are able to obtain most of their own nitrogen through a process known as N fixation . As such, upon harvesting of soybeans, the soil retains a certain amount of nitrogen which results in lower demand for nitrogen fertilizer for the following corn planting cycle. Due to these factors, nitrogen fertilizer consumers generally operate a balanced corn-soybean rotational planting cycle as shown by the chart presented below. 
 
 The relationship between the total acres planted for both corn and soybeans has a direct impact on the overall demand for nitrogen products, as the market and demand for nitrogen increases with increased corn acres and decreases with increased soybean acres. Additionally, an estimated 14 billion pounds of soybean oil is expected to be used in producing cleaner renewable fuels in marketing year 2024/2025. Multiple refiners have announced renewable diesel expansion projects for 2024 and beyond, which should only increase the demand for soybeans and potentially for corn and canola. 
 
 The United States Department of Agriculture USDA estimates that in spring 2024 farmers planted 90.7 million corn acres, representing a decrease of 4.1 compared to 94.6 million corn acres in 2023. Planted soybean acres are estimated to be 87.1 million, representing an increase of 4.2 compared to 83.6 million soybean acres in 2023. The combined estimated corn and soybean planted acres of 177.8 million represents a nominal decrease compared to the acreage planted in 2023. Due to lower input costs in 2024 for corn planting and the relative grain prices of corn versus soybeans, economics favored planting corn compared to soybeans in 2024. Inventory levels of corn and soybeans are expected to be supportive of grain prices for the remainder of 2024. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 19 

Table of Contents 

Ethanol is blended with gasoline to meet requirements under the Renewable Fuel Standard of the Clean Air Act and for its octane value. Since 2010, ethanol production has historically consumed 38 of the U.S. corn crop used by the market, so demand for corn generally rises and falls with ethanol demand, as shown by the chart below. 
 U.S. Plant Production of Fuel Ethanol (1) 
 Corn and Soybean Planted Acres (2) 

(1) Information used within this chart was obtained from the U.S. Energy Information Administration EIA through September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Information used within this chart was obtained from the USDA, National Agricultural Statistics Services as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Weather continues to be a critical variable for crop production. Even with high planted acres and above trendline yields per acre for corn in the United States, global inventory levels for corn and soybeans remain near historical 10-year averages and prices have remained elevated. Demand for nitrogen fertilizer, as well as other crop inputs, was strong for the spring 2024 planting season, primarily due to elevated grain prices and favorable weather conditions for planting. 
 
 Fertilizer input costs have been volatile since the fall of 2021. Natural gas prices were elevated in the fall of 2022 due to shortages in Europe and demand being driven by building natural gas storage for winter. Winter 2022/2023 weather was warmer than average in Europe and, when combined with natural gas conservation measures, caused demand and prices for natural gas in Europe to fall significantly in the first quarter of 2023 and remain below the 2021/2022 price levels. The decline in natural gas prices, and the resulting capacity curtailments, among other factors, has led to a significant reduction in the price for nitrogen fertilizer from peak prices. While we expect that natural gas prices might remain below the elevated levels experienced in 2022 in the near term, we believe that the structural shortage of natural gas in Europe will continue to be a source of volatility for the rest of 2024 through 2026. Although pet coke prices had been elevated since 2021 due to higher natural gas prices compared to historical levels, as natural gas prices fell in 2023, third-party pet coke prices have declined into 2024 and are expected to decline further in 2025. 
 
 Partnership Initiatives 
 
 The Partnership continues to conduct engineering studies on the potential to utilize natural gas as an optional feedstock to pet coke at its Coffeyville Facility. Based on these studies, we believe the Coffeyville Facility could utilize either natural gas or pet coke to produce nitrogen fertilizer by making certain modifications to the plant. If this project is approved by the board of directors of our general partner (the Board and successfully implemented, it could allow the Partnership to choose the optimal feedstock mix for production and would make the Coffeyville Facility the only nitrogen fertilizer plant in the United States with that feedstock flexibility. 

September 30, 2024 | 20 

Table of Contents 

 The charts below show relevant market indicators by month through September 30, 2024: 
 Ammonia and UAN Market Pricing (1) 

Natural Gas Market Pricing (1) 
 Pet Coke Market Pricing (1) 

(1) Information used within these charts was obtained from various third-party sources, including Green Markets (a Bloomberg Company), Pace Petroleum Coke Quarterly, and the EIA, amongst others. 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following should be read in conjunction with the information outlined in the previous sections of this Part I, Item 2 and the financial statements and related notes thereto in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. 

September 30, 2024 | 21 

Table of Contents 

 The chart presented below summarizes our ammonia utilization rates on a consolidated basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Utilization is an important measure used by management to assess operational output at each of the Partnership s facilities. Utilization is calculated as actual tons of ammonia produced divided by capacity. 
 
 Utilization is presented solely on ammonia production, rather than on each nitrogen product, as it provides a comparative baseline against industry peers and eliminates the disparity of facility configurations for upgrade of ammonia into other nitrogen products. With production primarily focused on ammonia upgrade capabilities, we believe this measure provides a meaningful view of how we operate. 
 
 On a consolidated basis for the three months ended September 30, 2024, utilization decreased to 97 compared to 99 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to minor unplanned outages at both facilities in the current period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, utilization decreased to 96 compared to 101 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the 14-day planned outage at the Coffeyville Facility during the first quarter of 2024 and other minor unplanned outages at both facilities in the current period. 
 
 Sales and Pricing per Ton - Two of our key operating metrics are total sales volumes for ammonia and UAN, along with the product pricing per ton realized at the gate. Product pricing at the gate represents net sales less freight revenue divided by product sales volume in tons and is shown in order to provide a pricing measure comparable across the fertilizer industry. 
 
 Operating Highlights for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus September 30, 2023 
 Sales Volumes (thousands of tons) 
 Product Pricing at Gate per ton) 

September 30, 2024 | 22 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Highlights for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 versus September 30, 2023 
 Sales Volumes (thousands of tons) 
 Product Pricing at Gate per ton) 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total product sales volumes were unfavorable compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to reduced production volumes resulting from the 14-day planned outage at the Coffeyville Facility during the first quarter of 2024 and minor unplanned outages at both facilities in the current period. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, ammonia and UAN sales prices were favorable compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower producer and customer inventories ahead of the fall season in the current period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, ammonia and UAN sales prices were unfavorable compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower natural gas prices reducing input costs and driving an overall decrease in market prices during the current period. 
 
 Production Volumes - Gross tons of ammonia represent the total ammonia produced, including ammonia produced that was upgraded into other fertilizer products. Net tons available for sale represents the ammonia available for sale that was not upgraded into other fertilizer products. The table below presents these metrics for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands of tons) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Ammonia (gross produced) 
 212 217 626 660 Ammonia (net available for sale) 
 61 68 191 200 UAN 321 358 964 1,063 

September 30, 2024 | 23 

Table of Contents 

 Feedstock - Our Coffeyville Facility utilizes a pet coke gasification process to produce nitrogen fertilizer. Our East Dubuque Facility uses natural gas in its production of ammonia. The table below presents these feedstocks for both facilities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Petroleum coke used in production (thousands of tons) 
 133 131 395 386 Petroleum coke used in production (dollars per ton) 
 44.69 84.09 60.93 78.49 Natural gas used in production (thousands of MMBtus) (1) 
 2,082 2,133 6,443 6,429 Natural gas used in production (dollars per MMBtu) (1) 
 2.19 2.67 2.40 3.57 Natural gas in cost of materials and other (thousands of MMBtus) (1) 
 1,783 2,636 5,403 6,354 Natural gas in cost of materials and other (dollars per MMBtu) (1) 
 2.18 2.51 2.50 4.21 
 
 (1) The feedstock natural gas shown above does not include natural gas used for fuel. The cost of fuel natural gas is included in Direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization). 

Financial Highlights for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Partnership s operating income and net income were 11.0 million and 3.8 million, respectively, compared to operating income and net income of 8.1 million and 0.7 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. These increases were driven primarily by a decrease in utility costs due to lower natural gas and electricity prices, combined with favorable personnel costs related to share-based compensation due to a falling unit price in the current period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Partnership s operating income and net income were 64.6 million and 42.6 million, respectively, compared to operating income and net income of 184.2 million and 162.5 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These decreases were driven primarily by lower product sales prices attributable to natural gas prices reducing input costs and driving an overall decrease in market prices, partially offset by favorable utility costs due to lower natural gas and electricity prices. 
 Net Sales Operating Income 

September 30, 2024 | 24 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income 
 EBITDA (1) 

(1) See Non-GAAP Reconciliations section below for reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures shown above. 
 
 Net Sales - For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net sales was 125.2 million compared to 130.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to unfavorable UAN sales volumes contributing 11.4 million in lower revenue, partially offset by favorable UAN and ammonia sales prices. 
 
 The following table demonstrates the impact of changes in sales volume and pricing for the primary components of net sales, excluding urea products, freight, and other revenue, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 (in thousands) Price Variance Volume Variance UAN 1,822 (11,397) Ammonia 2,120 23 
 
 The increases in ammonia and UAN sales pricing, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily attributable to lower producer and customer inventory levels in 2024 ahead of the fall season. The decrease in UAN sales volume for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to minor unplanned outages in the current period, limiting product available for sale. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net sales was 385.8 million compared to 539.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily due to unfavorable UAN and ammonia pricing conditions and sales volumes which contributed 98.8 million and 46.7 million, respectively, in lower revenues. 
 
 The following table demonstrates the impact of changes in sales volume and pricing for the primary components of net sales, excluding urea products, freight, and other revenue, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 (in thousands) Price Variance Volume Variance UAN (72,118) (41,227) Ammonia (26,684) (5,443) 
 
 The decreases in ammonia and UAN sales pricing, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily attributable to lower natural gas prices reducing input costs and driving an overall decrease in market prices, paired with increased global supply of nitrogen fertilizers driven by the restart of previously shut-in production capacity. The decreases in ammonia and UAN sales volumes for the nine months ended 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 25 

Table of Contents 

 September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily attributable to lower ammonia and UAN production volumes as a result of the 14-day planned outage at the Coffeyville Facility during the first quarter of 2024 combined with minor unplanned outage at both facilities in the current period. 
 
 Cost of Materials and Other Direct Operating Expenses (1) 

(1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense. 
 
 Cost of Materials and Other - For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, cost of materials and other was 26.3 million and 77.7 million, respectively, compared to 31.0 million and 101.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These decreases were driven primarily by lower natural gas and refinery pet coke prices in the current periods. 
 
 Direct Operating Expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) - For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, direct operating expenses (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) were 55.8 million and 158.3 million, respectively, compared to 58.5 million and 171.8 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These decreases were primarily a result of decreased utility costs from lower natural gas and electricity prices, partially offset by increased repairs and maintenance costs in the current period. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense - For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization expense was 24.7 million and 64.1 million, respectively, compared to 24.1 million and 59.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These increases were primarily due to accelerated depreciation 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 26 

Table of Contents 

 related to planned asset retirements, including granular plant production assets, and due to additions to property, plant, and equipment during the current period, partially offset by fluctuations in depreciation capitalized to inventory and retirement of fully depreciated assets. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 
 Our management uses certain non-GAAP performance measures, and reconciliations to those measures, to evaluate current and past performance and prospects for the future to supplement our financial information presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). These non-GAAP financial measures are important factors in assessing our operating results and profitability and include the performance and liquidity measures defined below. 
 
 The following are non-GAAP measures we present for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 EBITDA - Net income (loss) before (i) interest expense, net, (ii) income tax expense (benefit) and (iii) depreciation and amortization expense. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA - EBITDA adjusted for certain significant noncash items and items that management believes are not attributable to or indicative of our underlying operational results of the period or that may obscure results and trends we deem useful. 
 
 Available Cash for Distribution - EBITDA for the quarter excluding noncash income or expense items (if any), for which adjustment is deemed necessary or appropriate by the board of directors of our general partner (the Board in its sole discretion, less (i) reserves for maintenance capital expenditures, debt service and other contractual obligations and (ii) reserves for future operating or capital needs (if any), in each case, that the Board deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion. Available Cash for Distribution may be increased by the release of previously established cash reserves, if any, and other excess cash, at the discretion of the Board. 
 
 We present these measures because we believe they may help investors, analysts, lenders, and ratings agencies analyze our results of operations and liquidity in conjunction with our GAAP results, including, but not limited to, our operating performance as compared to other publicly traded companies in the fertilizer industry, without regard to historical cost basis or financing methods, and our ability to incur and service debt and fund capital expenditures. Non-GAAP measures have important limitations as analytical tools because they exclude some, but not all, items that affect net earnings and operating income. These measures should not be considered substitutes for their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Refer to the Non-GAAP Reconciliations included herein for reconciliation of these amounts. Due to rounding, numbers presented within this section may not add or equal to numbers or totals presented elsewhere within this document. 

September 30, 2024 | 27 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 
 Reconciliation of Net Income to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Available Cash for Distribution 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 3,807 731 42,605 162,458 Interest expense, net 7,241 7,501 22,416 21,594 Income tax expense (benefit) 31 (25) 77 Depreciation and amortization 24,732 24,119 64,063 59,084 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 35,780 32,382 129,059 243,213 Adjustments (Reserves)/Releases: Accrued interest expense (excluding capitalized interest) (8,486) (8,468) (25,456) (25,399) Utility pass-through expense (1) 
 (1,350) Future operating needs (2) 
 7,500 (12,500) Capital expenditures (3) 
 (10,762) (11,391) (40,416) (41,382) Turnaround expenditures, net (4) 
 (3,178) (2,359) (9,772) (8,198) Equity method investment (5) 
 (742) (794) (380) 16,557 Principal payments on senior secured notes and deferred financing costs (500) (500) Available cash for distribution (6) 
 12,612 16,370 53,035 170,441 Common units outstanding 10,570 10,570 10,570 10,570 
 
 (1) Amount consists of adjustment of expenses incurred by the city of Coffeyville during winter storm Uri in 2021 and cash impacts thereof. 
 (2) Amount consists of reserves established by the Board for potential future cash needs related to nitrogen fertilizer seasonality and feedstock price volatility. 
 (3) Amount consists of maintenance capital expenditures, including additional reserves for future growth projects of 4.3 million and 24.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 3.3 million and 24.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (4) Amount consists of reserves for periodic, planned turnarounds, net of expenditures incurred in the period. 
 (5) Amount consists of distributions received by the Partnership adjusted for the amortization of deferred revenue related to the 45Q transaction. 
 (6) Amount represents the cumulative available cash for distribution based on full year results. However, available cash for distribution is calculated quarterly, with distributions (if any) being paid in the following period. The Partnership declared and paid a 1.68, 1.92, and 1.90 cash distribution related to the fourth quarter of 2023 and the first and second quarters of 2024, respectively, and declared a cash distribution of 1.19 per common unit related to the third quarter of 2024 to be paid in November 2024. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our principal source of liquidity has historically been and continues to be cash from operations, which can include cash advances from customers resulting from prepay contracts. Our principal uses of cash are for working capital, capital expenditures, funding our debt service obligations, and paying distributions to our unitholders, as further discussed below. 
 
 When considering the market conditions and current geopolitical matters, such as the conflict in the Middle East and the Russia-Ukraine war, we currently believe that our cash from operations and existing cash and cash equivalents, along with borrowings and reserves, as necessary, will be sufficient to satisfy anticipated cash requirements associated with our existing operations for at least the next 12 months. However, our future capital expenditures and other cash requirements could be higher than we currently expect as a result of various factors including, but not limited to, rising material and labor costs and other inflationary pressures. Additionally, our ability to generate sufficient cash from our operating activities and secure additional financing depends on our future performance, which is subject to operating performance, as well as general economic, political, financial, competitive, and other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 

September 30, 2024 | 28 

Table of Contents 

 Depending on the needs of our business, contractual limitations, and market conditions, we may from time to time seek to issue equity securities, incur additional debt, issue debt securities, or redeem, repurchase, refinance, or retire our outstanding debt through privately negotiated transactions, open market repurchases, redemptions, exchanges, tender offers or otherwise, but we are under no obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that we will seek to do any of the foregoing or that we will be able to do any of the foregoing on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 
 The Partnership and its subsidiaries were in compliance with all covenants under their respective debt instruments as of September 30, 2024, as applicable. 
 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as such term is defined within the rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 
 Cash and Other Liquidity 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 110.5 million, and combined with 39.3 million available under our ABL Credit Facility, we had total liquidity of 149.8 million as of September 30, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, we had 45.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. Long-term debt consisted of the following: 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 6.125 Senior Secured Notes, due June 2028 
 550,000 550,000 Unamortized debt issuance costs (2,290) (2,692) Total long-term debt 547,710 547,308 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Partnership had the 6.125 Senior Secured Notes, due June 2028 and the ABL Credit Facility, the proceeds of which may be used to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and for other general corporate purposes. Refer to Part II, Item 8, Note 8 Long-Term Debt of our 2023 Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 Capital Spending 
 
 We divide capital spending needs into two categories: maintenance and growth. Maintenance capital spending includes non-discretionary maintenance projects and projects required to comply with environmental, health, and safety regulations. Growth capital projects generally involve an expansion of existing capacity, reliability improvements, and/or a reduction in direct operating expenses. We undertake growth capital spending based on the expected return on incremental capital employed. 
 
 Our total capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, along with our estimated expenditures for 2024 are as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Estimated full year (in thousands) 2024 2024 Maintenance capital 15,591 31,000 - 33,000 Growth capital 3,614 8,000 - 9,000 Total capital expenditures 19,205 39,000 - 42,000 
 
 Our estimated capital expenditures are subject to change due to changes in the cost, scope, and completion time for capital projects. For example, we may experience changes in labor or equipment costs necessary to comply with government regulations or to complete projects that sustain or improve the profitability of the nitrogen fertilizer facilities. We may also accelerate or defer some capital expenditures from time to time. Capital spending for CVR Partners is determined by the Board. We will continue to monitor market conditions and make adjustments, if needed, to our current capital spending or turnaround plans. 
 
 The next planned turnarounds are currently scheduled to take place in late 2025 at the Coffeyville Facility and in 2026 at the East Dubuque Facility. 

September 30, 2024 | 29 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Requirements 
 
 There have been no material changes to the cash requirements disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, outside the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Distributions to Unitholders 
 
 The current policy of the Board is to distribute all Available Cash for Distribution, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, the Partnership generated on a quarterly basis. Available Cash for Distribution for each quarter will be determined by the Board following the end of such quarter. Available Cash for Distribution for each quarter is calculated as EBITDA for the quarter excluding noncash income or expense items (if any), for which adjustment is deemed necessary or appropriate by the Board in its sole discretion, less (i) reserves for maintenance capital expenditures, debt service and other contractual obligations, and (ii) reserves for future operating or capital needs (if any), in each case, that the Board deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion. Available Cash for Distribution may be increased by the release of previously established cash reserves, if any, and other excess cash, at the discretion of the Board. 
 
 Distributions, if any, including the payment, amount, and timing thereof, and the Board s distribution policy, including the definition of Available Cash for Distribution, are subject to change at the discretion of the Board. The following tables present quarterly distributions paid by the Partnership to CVR Partners unitholders, including amounts paid to CVR Energy, during 2024 and 2023 (amounts presented in the table below may not add to totals presented due to rounding): 
 Quarterly Distributions Paid (in thousands) 
 Related Period Date Paid Quarterly Distributions Per Common Unit Public Unitholders CVR Energy Total 2023 - 4th Quarter March 11, 2024 1.68 11,218 6,539 17,757 2024 - 1st Quarter May 20, 2024 1.92 12,821 7,472 20,293 2024 - 2nd Quarter August 19, 2024 1.90 12,688 7,395 20,082 Total 2024 quarterly distributions 
 5.50 36,727 21,406 58,132 
 
 Quarterly Distributions Paid (in thousands) 
 Related Period Date Paid Quarterly Distributions Per Common Unit Public Unitholders CVR Energy Total 2022 - 4th Quarter March 13, 2023 10.50 70,115 40,866 110,981 2023 - 1st Quarter May 22, 2023 10.43 69,647 40,594 110,241 2023 - 2nd Quarter August 21, 2023 4.14 27,646 16,113 43,759 2023 - 3rd Quarter November 20, 2023 1.55 10,350 6,033 16,383 Total 2023 quarterly distributions 
 26.62 177,759 103,605 281,364 
 
 For the third quarter of 2024, the Partnership, upon approval by the Board on October 28, 2024, declared a distribution of 1.19 per common unit, or 12.6 million, which is payable November 18, 2024 to unitholders of record as of November 8, 2024. Of this amount, CVR Energy will receive approximately 4.6 million, with the remaining amount payable to public unitholders. 

September 30, 2024 | 30 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated below: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Net cash flow provided by (used in): 
 Operating activities 
 137,750 261,389 (123,639) Investing activities 
 (14,357) 6,928 (21,285) Financing activities 
 (58,133) (265,481) 207,348 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 65,260 2,836 62,424 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 The change in net cash flows from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in net income of 119.9 million caused by lower sales due to unfavorable UAN and ammonia pricing conditions and sales volumes in the current period. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 The change in net cash flows from investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to a decrease in distributions received from CVR Partners equity method investment of 16.3 million associated with the 45Q Transaction in 2024 and an increase in capital expenditures of 5.0 million during 2024 resulting from an increase in various capital projects in the current period compared to 2023. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 The change in net cash flows from financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due to a decrease in cash distributions paid of 206.8 million in 2024 compared to 2023. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Our critical accounting estimates are disclosed in the Critical Accounting Estimates section of our 2023 Form 10-K. No modifications have been made during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 to these estimates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes to our market risks as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the risks discussed in Part II, Item 7A of our 2023 Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Partnership has evaluated, under the direction and with the participation of the Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based upon this evaluation, the Partnership s Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer concluded that disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no material changes in the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting. 

September 30, 2024 | 31 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Part I, Item 1, Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies of this Report, which is incorporated by reference into this Part II, Item 1, for a description of certain litigation, legal, and administrative proceedings and environmental matters. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our 2023 Form 10-K. Additional risks and uncertainties, including risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, could also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the general partner or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Executive Chairman. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.3 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary. 
 31.4 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Executive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary, and Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. 
 101 The following financial information for CVR Partners, LP s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted Inline XBRL Extensible Business Reporting Language includes: (1) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited), (2) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited), (3) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Partners Capital (unaudited), (4) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) and (5) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited), tagged in detail. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 
 PLEASE NOTE: Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC, we may file or incorporate by reference agreements as exhibits to the reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC. The agreements are filed to provide investors with information regarding their respective terms. The agreements are not intended to provide any other factual information about the Partnership, its business or operations. In particular, the assertions embodied in any representations, warranties and covenants contained in the agreements may be subject to qualifications with respect to knowledge and materiality different from those applicable to investors and may be qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules not included with the exhibits. These disclosure schedules may contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in the agreements. Moreover, certain representations, warranties and covenants in the agreements may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties, rather than establishing matters as facts. In addition, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may have changed after the date of the respective agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Partnership s public disclosures. Accordingly, investors should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants in the agreements as characterizations of the actual state of facts about the Partnership, its business or operations on the date hereof. 
 
 September 30, 2024 | 32 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CVR Partners, LP By: CVR GP, LLC, its general partner October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Dane J. Neumann Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary (Principal Financial Officer) October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Jeffrey D. Conaway Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 

September 30, 2024 | 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-uanq32024.htm
 EX 31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 Certification of Executive Chairman Pursuant to 
 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, David L. Lamp, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CVR Partners, LP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 By s DAVID L. LAMP David L. Lamp Executive Chairman CVR GP, LLC the general partner of CVR Partners, LP (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-uanq32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 
 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Mark A. Pytosh, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CVR Partners, LP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 By s MARK A. PYTOSH Mark A. Pytosh President and Chief Executive Officer CVR GP, LLC the general partner of CVR Partners, LP (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 exhibit313-uanq32024.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 
 Exhibit 31.3 

 Certification of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Dane J. Neumann, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CVR Partners, LP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 By s DANE J. NEUMANN Dane J. Neumann Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary CVR GP, LLC the general partner of CVR Partners, LP (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 5
 exhibit314-uanq32024.htm
 EX-31.4

Document 
 Exhibit 31.4 

 Certification of Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Jeffrey D. Conaway, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of CVR Partners, LP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 By s JEFFREY D. CONAWAY Jeffrey D. Conaway Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller CVR GP, LLC the general partner of CVR Partners, LP (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321-uanq32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report of CVR Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of CVR GP, LLC, the general partner of the Partnership, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of such officer s knowledge and belief 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

By s DAVID L. LAMP David L. Lamp Executive Chairman CVR GP, LLC the general partner of CVR Partners, LP (Principal Executive Officer) By s MARK A. PYTOSH Mark A. Pytosh President and Chief Executive Officer CVR GP, LLC the general partner of CVR Partners, LP (Principal Executive Officer) By s DANE J. NEUMANN Dane J. Neumann Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary CVR GP, LLC the general partner of CVR Partners, LP (Principal Financial Officer) By s JEFFREY D. CONAWAY Jeffrey D. Conaway Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller CVR GP, LLC the general partner of CVR Partners, LP (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Dated October 29, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cvi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cvi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cvi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cvi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cvi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

