<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1689548_0001689548-24-000101.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5237506</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103521</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1055141</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1471607</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1366279</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1163999</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001689548-24-000101.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106075934
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001689548-24-000101
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001689548
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39620
		FILM NUMBER:		241429280

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 HIGH STREET, 30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-300-8460

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		99 HIGH STREET, 30TH FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001689548-24-000101.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 prax-20240930.htm
 10-Q

prax-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains express or implied forward-looking statements that are based on our management s belief and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, these statements relate to future events or our future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 the success, cost and timing of our product candidate development activities and clinical trials; 
 our expectations regarding our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 
 the ability to license additional intellectual property relating to our product candidates from third parties and to comply with our existing license agreements and collaboration agreements; 
 the ability and willingness of our third-party research institution collaborators to continue research and development activities relating to our product candidates; 
 our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, in light of the intellectual property rights of others; 
 our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to complete further development and, if approved, commercialization of our product candidates; 
 the commercialization of our product candidates, if approved; 
 our plans to research, develop and, if approved, commercialize our product candidates; 
 future agreements with third parties in connection with the commercialization of our product candidates, if approved, and any other approved product; 
 the size and growth potential of the markets for our product candidates, and our ability to serve those markets; 
 the rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved; 
 the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; 
 regulatory developments in the United States and foreign countries; 
 our ability to contract with third-party suppliers and manufacturers and their ability to perform adequately; 
 the success of competing therapies that are or may become available; 
 our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel; and 
 the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing. 
 In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential, continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under the section titled "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. No forward-looking 

statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents that we reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibits hereto completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q represent our views as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. You should therefore not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business and the markets for our product candidates. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances that are assumed in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market, and other data from our own internal estimates and research as well as from reports, research surveys, studies, and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any third-party information presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, their estimates, in particular, as they relate to projections, involve numerous assumptions, are subject to risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the section titled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and N i ne Months Ended Sept ember 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 29 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 31 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 31 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 31 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 31 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 32 
 Signatures 
 33 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long-term marketable securities Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities Current portion of deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities Non-current portion of deferred revenue Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) par value; shares authorized and shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive gain Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Collaboration revenue Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income: Other income, net Total other income Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 1 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 1 
 
 1 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Change in unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from follow-on public offering and accompanying pre-funded warrants, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs of 
 Issuance of common stock from at-the-market public offerings, net of issuance and commission costs of 
 Issuance of common stock from a collaboration and license agreement Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld for taxes for vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Change in unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from follow-on public offering and accompanying pre-funded warrants, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs of 
 Issuance of common stock from exercise of pre-funded warrants Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld for taxes for vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from at-the-market public offerings, net of issuance and commission costs of 
 Issuance of common stock from exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld for taxes for vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock 1 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from at-the-market public offerings, net of commission costs of 
 Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld for taxes for vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock from follow-on public offering and accompanying pre-funded warrants, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs of 
 Issuance of common stock from at-the-market public offerings, net of issuance costs Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld for taxes for vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Change in unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax Net loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Stock-based compensation expense Vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld for taxes for vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Net loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 1 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation expense Stock-based compensation expense Non-cash operating lease expense Amortization of premiums and discounts on marketable securities, net ) Non-cash collaboration and license agreement expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities ) Maturities of marketable securities Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of common stock from follow-on public offering and accompanying pre-funded warrants, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs Issuance of common stock from collaboration and license agreement Proceeds from at-the-market offerings, net of issuance and commission costs Payments of tax withholdings related to vesting of restricted stock units ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan purchases Net cash provided by financing activities Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Supplemental disclosures of non-cash activities: Issuance costs from at-the-market offering included in accrued expenses Offering costs from follow-on offering included in accounts payable Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 proprietary platforms, using its understanding of shared biological targets and circuits in the brain. Each platform has multiple programs currently, with significant potential for additional program and indication expansion: 
 Cerebrum , the Company's small molecule platform, utilizes deep understanding of neuronal excitability and neuronal networks and applies a series of computational and experimental tools to develop orally available precision therapies 
 Solidus , the Company's antisense oligonucleotide, or ASO, platform, is an efficient, targeted precision medicine discovery and development engine anchored on a proprietary, computational methodology 
 The Company's platforms utilize a deliberate, pragmatic and patient-guided approach, leveraging a suite of translational tools, including novel transgenic and predictive translational animal models and electrophysiology markers, to enable an efficient path to proof-of-concept in patients. Through this approach, the Company has established a diversified, multimodal CNS portfolio with clinical-stage product candidates across movement disorders and epile psy. For the Company's most advanced product candidate under the Cerebrum platform, ulixacaltamide, our Phase 3 Essential3 clinical trials in essential tremor are ongoing. The Company is planning to conduct an interim analysis in the first quarter of 2025. Within the Company's vormatrigine program (formerly known as PRAX-628), it announced positive results from its Photo-Paroxysmal Response ("PPR") study in the first quarter of 2024, and the Company has initiated or plans to initiate studies to generate patient eligibility, efficacy, safety and pharmacokinetics (PK) data for the program. The Company initiated an observational study of vormatrigine in patients with epilepsy in the third quarter of 2024, and has initiated or plans to initiate three efficacy studies. The first efficacy study will be an open label eight-week study in patients with focal onset seizures or generalized epilepsy expected to be initiated in the fourth quarter of 2024, with topline results expected in the first half of 2025. The Company also initiated a double-blind, placebo-controlled, 12-week study in focal onset seizures in the fourth quarter of 2024, with topline results expected in the second half of 2025, and plans to initiate a third efficacy study in the first half of 2025. Within the Company's relutrigine (formerly known as PRAX-562) program, it announced positive topline results from the first cohort of the EMBOLD study in the third quarter of 2024, and has initiated enrollment of the second cohort, with topline results expected in the first half of 2026. For the Company's most advanced product candidate under the Solidus platform, elsunersen (formerly known as PRAX-222), it shared results from Part 1 of the EMBRAVE study in the fourth quarter of 2023, and has initiated the first arm of the global confirmatory study in Brazil. It is currently completing multiple global regulatory interactions to further expand the pivotal phase of the program later in 2024. 
 Praxis was incorporated in 2015 and commenced operations in 2016. The Company has funded its operations primarily with proceeds from the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, from the sale of common stock through an initial public offering and at-the-market offerings under its shelf registration statement, and from follow-on public offerings of common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock. From inception through September 30, 2024, the Company raised billion in aggregate cash proceeds from these transactions, net of issuance costs. 
 The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties common to early-stage companies in the biotechnology industry, including but not limited to, risks associated with completing preclinical studies and clinical trials, receiving regulatory approvals for product candidates, development by competitors of new biopharmaceutical products, dependence on key personnel, protection of proprietary technology, compliance with government regulations and the ability to secure additional capital to fund operations. Programs currently under development will require significant additional research and development efforts, including preclinical and clinical testing and regulatory 
 7 

million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In addition, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. The Company expects to continue to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. 
 The Company expects that its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of September 30, 2024 of million will be sufficient to fund its operating expenditures and capital expenditure requirements necessary to advance its research efforts and clinical trials for at least one year from the date of issuance of these condensed consolidated financial statements. The future viability of the Company is dependent on its ability to raise additional capital to finance its operations. The Company's inability to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on its financial condition and ability to pursue its business strategies. There can be no assurance that the current operating plan will be achieved or that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all. 
 
 2. 
 8 

9 

reportable segment and this ASU impacts disclosures only. The Company has determined that the effects of adopting the amendments in ASU 2023-07 will only impact its disclosures and not have a material impact on its consolidated financial position and the results of its operations when such amendment is adopted. 
 On December 14, 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures . ASU No. 2023-09 provides more transparency about income tax information through improvements to income tax disclosures primarily related to the rate reconciliation and incomes taxes paid information. For public companies, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024 and should be applied prospectively. The Company has determined that the effects of adopting the amendments in ASU 2023-09 will only impact its disclosures and will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial position and the results of its operations when such amendment is adopted. 
 
 3. 
 hold any cash equivalents or marketable securities as of December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024 Gross Unrealized Estimated Cost Gains Losses Fair Value Cash equivalents: Money market funds Available-for-sale marketable securities: Debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Other debt securities Total cash equivalents and marketable securities 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had securities with a total fair market value of million in an unrealized loss position. The Company believes that any unrealized losses associated with the decline in value of its securities is temporary and primarily related to the change in market interest rates since purchase, and believes that it is more likely than not that it will be able to hold its debt securities to maturity. The Company anticipates a full recovery of the amortized cost basis of its debt securities at maturity and an allowance was not recognized. 
 10 

After one year through five years Total 
 Securities are evaluated for impairment at the end of each reporting period. The Company did record any impairment related to its available-for-sale securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 4. 
 hold any financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets: Cash equivalents: Money market funds Available-for-sale marketable securities: Debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies Corporate debt securities Commercial paper Other debt securities 
 
 5. 
 Accrued personnel-related expenses Accrued other expenses Total accrued expenses 
 
 6. 
 11 

annually. The Company issued a letter of credit to the landlord related to the security deposit, secured by restricted cash, which is reflected within other non-current assets on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. This lease qualifies as an operating lease. 
 
 7. 
 million upfront payment. In addition, the Company provided UCB an exclusive option to in-license global development and commercialization rights to any resulting KCNT1 small molecule development candidate identified as part of the research plan. If UCB exercises its option to in-license global development and commercialization rights, the Collaboration Agreement stipulates that UCB will assume research, development, manufacturing and commercialization responsibilities and costs. Under the terms of the Collaboration Agreement, the Company will be eligible to receive an option fee and future success-based development and commercialization milestone payments, totaling up to million, in addition to tiered royalties on net sales of any resulting products from the Collaboration Agreement. 
 The Company concluded that UCB is a customer, and as such, the arrangement falls within the scope of Topic 606. At the commencement of the Collaboration Agreement, the Company identified performance obligation, which was to perform the research services for UCB. The Company determined the transaction price to be million, comprised of the upfront payment it received. The option provided to UCB was determined not to be a material right. 
 The Company recognizes revenue for its research services performance obligation over time using an input method over the duration of the research services. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in collaboration revenue related to the Collaboration Agreement in the condensed consolidated statement of operations. As of September 30, 2024, million was included in deferred revenue in the condensed consolidated balance sheet, of which million was classified as current. 
 Tenacia Collaboration and License Agreement 
 On January 4, 2024, the Company entered into an exclusive collaboration and license Agreement the License Agreement with Tenacia Biotechnology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. Tenacia ), a China-based portfolio company of Bain Capital, which provides Tenacia an exclusive license to use certain intellectual property for the development and commercialization of ulixacaltamide and products containing ulixacaltamide in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. Tenacia is solely responsible for the development and commercialization under the arrangement, with the exception of the associated manufacturing. The Company also entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement the Stock Purchase Agreement with BCPE Tenet Holdings Cayman, Ltd. BCPE ), a related party of Tenacia. Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, the Company was entitled to an up-front, non-refundable and non-creditable cash payment of million, net of certain tax withholdings. In addition, the Company is eligible to receive million in success-based development and commercialization milestone payments as well as tiered royalties on net sales. Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company issued and sold shares of its common stock to BCPE at a price per share of for aggregate gross proceeds of million. The per share price was based on a premium over the volume-weighted average price. 
 Under the terms of the License Agreement, the Company granted to Tenacia an exclusive license to use certain intellectual property for the development and commercialization of ulixacaltamide and products containing ulixacaltamide in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. Tenacia is solely responsible for the development and commercialization under the arrangement, with the exception of the associated manufacturing. 
 The Company concluded that the License Agreement and the Stock Purchase Agreement is a combined arrangement since they were executed at the same time and in contemplation of each other with the same counterparty or a related party thereof and the combined arrangement falls within the scope of Topic 606. 
 12 

performance obligation, related to the exclusive development and commercialization license granted to Tenacia. Total proceeds associated with the combined arrangement at inception were million consisting of the following: (i) million gross proceeds from the sale of common stock under the Stock Purchase Agreement and (ii) million, net of tax, related to the up-front payment under the License Agreement, both of which were received in January 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had not achieved any development or sales milestones or earned any royalties under the License Agreement. 
 The Company recorded the common stock sold to BCPE at its issuance date fair value of per share, or million in the aggregate, which exceeded the proceeds received which were calculated based on the premium over the prior volume-weighted average price. Accordingly, there is no transaction price allocable to the performance obligation. The Company accounted for the excess of the fair value of the equity securities issued over the total proceeds received as consideration paid to a customer for which no distinct good or service was transferred in exchange. As a result, the transaction gives rise to negative revenue on a cumulative basis in the amount of million, which was recorded in research and development expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2024. For agreements where the licenses are considered separate performance obligations or represent the only performance obligation, the Company recognizes revenue at the point in time that the Company effectively grants the license, as the licenses or assignments represent functional intellectual property. 

8. 
 shares of common stock, par value. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did t hold any treasury shares. 
 Follow-On Public Offerings 
 June 2023 Public Offering 
 On June 21, 2023, the Company completed a public offering of: (i) an aggregate of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share, including the underwriters full exercise of their option to purchase additional shares of common stock, and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share of common stock underlying the warrants. The purchase price per share for each pre-funded warrant represents the per share offering price for the common stock, less the per share exercise price for each underlying share. Total net proceeds generated from the offering were approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses payable by the Company. 
 13 

shares of common stock issued. No cash proceeds associated with the exercise were received by the Company. As of September 30, 2024, there were no pre-funded warrants associated with this offering outstanding. 
 January 2024 Public Offering 
 On January 16, 2024, the Company completed a public offering of: (i) an aggregate of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share, including the underwriters' full exercise of their option to purchase additional shares of commons stock, and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share of common stock underlying the warrants. The purchase price per share of each pre-funded warrant represents the per share offering price for the common stock, less the per share exercise price of each underlying share. Total net proceeds generated from the offering were approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses payable by the Company. 
 The pre-funded warrants are exercisable at any time on or after the date of issuance at the option of the holder, subject to a beneficial ownership blocker that may limit exercisability. No holder may exercise any portion of the warrants that would cause the aggregate number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by such holder, together with its affiliates, to exceed (or of the issued and outstanding common stock. A holder of a pre-funded warrant may increase or decrease this percentage up to by providing at least days prior notice to the Company. The pre-funded warrants do not expire. The pre-funded warrants may be settled through either physical or net share settlement. Following the occurrence of certain fundamental transactions, the holders of the pre-funded warrants have the right to receive upon exercise of the warrants the same amount and kind of securities, cash, or property as they would have been entitled to receive if they had been holders of the common shares issuable under the warrants immediately prior to such transaction. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, pre-funded warrants were exercised via a cashless exercise, resulting in shares of common stock issued. No cash proceeds associated with the exercise were received by the Company. As of September 30, 2024, a total of pre-funded warrants associated with this offering remained outstanding. 
 April 2024 Public Offering 
 On April 2, 2024 the Company completed a public offering of: (i) an aggregate of shares of its common stock at a public offering price of per share, including the underwriters' full exercise of their option to purchase additional shares of common stock, and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share of common stock underlying the warrants. The purchase price per share for each pre-funded warrant represents the per share offering price for the common stock, less the per share exercise price of each underlying share. Total net proceeds generated from the offering were approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses payable by the Company. 
 The pre-funded warrants are exercisable at any time on or after the date of issuance at the option of the holder, subject to a beneficial ownership blocker that may limit exercisability. No holder may exercise any portion of the warrants that would cause the aggregate number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by such holder, together with its affiliates, to exceed (or of the issued and outstanding common stock. A holder of a pre-funded warrant may increase or decrease this percentage up to by providing at least days prior notice to the Company. The pre-funded warrants do not expire. The pre-funded warrants may be settled through either physical or net share settlement. Following the occurrence of certain fundamental transactions, the holders of the pre-funded warrants have the right to receive upon exercise of the warrants the same amount and kind of securities, cash, or property as they would have been entitled to receive if they had been holders of the common shares issuable under the warrants immediately prior to such transaction. As of September 30, 2024, none of the pre-funded warrants had been exercised and all remained outstanding. 
 The Company determined that the pre-funded warrants related to the June 2023, January 2024, and April 2024 public offerings are freestanding financial instruments because they are both legally detachable and separately exercisable from the common stock sold in the offering. As such, the Company evaluated the pre-funded warrants to determine whether they represent instruments that require liability classification pursuant to the guidance in ASC 480. However, the Company concluded that the pre-funded warrants are not a liability within the scope of ASC 480 due to their characteristics. Further, the Company determined that the pre-funded warrants do not meet the definition of a derivative under ASC 815 because they do not meet the criteria regarding no or little initial net investment. Accordingly, the Company assessed the pre-funded warrants relative to the guidance in ASC 
 14 

Shares reserved for exercise of pre-funded warrants related to the June 2023 Financing Shares reserved for exercise of pre-funded warrants related to the January 2024 Financing Shares reserved for exercise of pre-funded warrants related to the April 2024 Financing Shares reserved for future awards under the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan Shares reserved for future awards under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Shares reserved for future awards under the 2024 Inducement Plan Shares reserved for vesting of restricted stock units Total shares of authorized common stock reserved for future issuance 
 Preferred Stock 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the authorized capital stock of the Company included shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value. 
 
 9. 
 . In June 2024, the common stock authorized for issuance under the Inducement Plan was reduced by shares following stockholder approval of an increase in the shares available for grant under the 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the "2020 Plan"). The total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Inducement Plan as of September 30, 2024 was shares. 
 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan 
 The total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2020 Plan as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was shares and shares, respectively. 
 2017 Stock Incentive Plan 
 The total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the "2017 Plan") as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was shares. Any authorization to issue new options under the 2017 Plan was cancelled upon the effectiveness of the 2020 Plan and no further awards will be granted under the 2017 Plan. 
 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "2020 ESPP as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was shares and shares, respectively. 
 15 

Issued Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested as of September 30, 2024 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock units was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Cancelled or Forfeited ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 Exercisable as of September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 Valuation of Stock Options 
 Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Expected dividend yield Weighted average grant-date fair value per share 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 16 

General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 10. 
 Unvested restricted stock units Potential shares issuable under the 2020 ESPP 
 Common shares issuable upon exercise of the pre-funded warrants that were sold in connection with the June 2023, January 2024, and April 2024 underwritten public offering are included in the calculation of basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Consistent with the guidance in ASC 260-10-45-13, the underlying common shares are issuable for little to no consideration and there are no vesting conditions or contingencies associated with the warrants. Accordingly, the aggregate number of common shares underlying the pre-funded warrants have been considered outstanding for purposes of the calculation of basic net loss per share from the date of issuance. 
 
 11. 
 
 12. 
 17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited financial information and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on March 5, 2024. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company translating insights from genetic epilepsies into the development of therapies for central nervous system, or CNS, disorders characterized by neuronal excitation-inhibition imbalance. Normal brain function requires a delicate balance of excitation and inhibition in neuronal circuits, which, when dysregulated, can lead to abnormal function and both rare and more prevalent neurological disorders. We are applying genetic insights to the discovery and development of therapies for neurological disorders through two proprietary platforms, using our understanding of shared biological targets and circuits in the brain. Each platform currently has multiple programs, with significant potential for additional program and indication expansion: 
 Cerebrum , our small molecule platform, utilizes deep understanding of neuronal excitability and neuronal networks and applies a series of computational and experimental tools to develop orally available precision therapies 
 Solidus , our antisense oligonucleotide, or ASO, platform, is an efficient, targeted precision medicine discovery and development engine anchored on a proprietary, computational methodology 
 Our platforms utilize a deliberate, pragmatic and patient-guided approach, leveraging a suite of translational tools, including novel transgenic and predictive translational animal models and electrophysiology markers, to enable an efficient path to proof-of-concept in patients. Through this approach, we have established a diversified, multimodal CNS portfolio with four clinical-stage product candidates across movement disorders and epilepsy. For our most advanced product candidate under the Cerebrum platform, ulixacaltamide, our Phase 3 Essential3 clinical trials in essential tremor, or ET, are ongoing. We are planning to conduct an interim analysis in the first quarter of 2025. Within our vormatrigine program (formerly known as PRAX-628), we announced positive results from our Photo-Paroxysmal Response ("PPR") study in the first quarter of 2024, and have initiated or plan to initiate four studies to generate patient eligibility, efficacy, safety and pharmacokinetics (PK) data for the program. We initiated an observational study of vormatrigine in patients with epilepsy in the third quarter of 2024, and iniatiated or plan to initiate three efficacy studies. The first efficacy study will be an open label eight-week study in patients with focal onset seizures or generalized epilepsy to be initiated in the fourth quarter of 2024, with topline results expected in the first half of 2025. We have also initiated a double-blind, placebo-controlled, 12-week study in focal onset seizures in the fourth quarter of 2024, with topline results expected in the second half of 2025, and plan to initiate a third efficacy study in the first half of 2025. Within our relutrigine program (formerly known as PRAX-562), we announced positive topline results from the first cohort of our EMBOLD study in the third quarter of 2024, and have initiated enrollment of the second cohort, with topline results expected in the first half of 2026. For our most advanced product candidate under the Solidus platform, elsunersen (formerly known as PRAX-222), we shared results from Part 1 of the EMBRAVE study in the fourth quarter of 2023, and have initiated the first arm of our global confirmatory study in Brazil. We are currently completing multiple global regulatory interactions to further expand the pivotal phase of the program later in 2024. 
 We were incorporated in 2015 and commenced operations in 2016. Since inception, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to developing our preclinical and clinical product candidates, building our intellectual property, or IP, portfolio, business planning, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these operations. We employ a virtual research and development model, relying heavily upon external consultants, collaborators, contract development and manufacturing organizations and contract research 
 18 

organizations, or CROs, to conduct our preclinical and clinical activities. Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily with proceeds from the sale and issuance of equity securities. 
 We are a development stage company and we have not generated any revenue from product sales, and do not expect to do so for several years, if at all. All of our product candidates are still in preclinical and clinical development. Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of one or more of our product candidates, if approved. We have incurred recurring operating losses since inception, including a net loss of 124.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 778.1 million. We expect to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future as we expand our research and development activities. In addition, our losses from operations may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our clinical trials and our expenditures on other research and development activities. We anticipate that our expenses will be maintained or increased in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: 
 advance our lead product candidate, ulixacaltamide, through the Phase 3 Essential3 clinical trial program for ET; 
 advance relutrigine (formally PRAX-562) in the EMBOLD and EMERALD clinical trials; 
 advance elsunersen (formerly PRAX-222) into the pivotal stage of the program; 
 advance vormatrigine (formerly PRAX-628) into efficacy clinical trials for focal onset seizures or generalized epilepsy; 
 advance our preclinical candidates to clinical trials; 
 further invest in our pipeline; 
 further invest in our manufacturing capabilities; 
 seek regulatory approval for our product candidates; 
 maintain, expand, protect and defend our IP portfolio; 
 acquire or in-license technology; 
 establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval; and 
 when needed, increase our headcount to support our development efforts and any future commercialization efforts. 
 As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of equity, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations with other companies or other strategic transactions. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates or delay our pursuit of potential in-licenses or acquisitions. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate product sales, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 411.2 million. We expect that our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of September 30, 2024 will be sufficient to fund our operating expenditures and capital expenditure requirements necessary to advance our research efforts and clinical trials into 2027. The analysis included consideration of our current financial needs and ongoing research and 
 19 

development plans. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may provide to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. See Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On November 28, 2023, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect a 1-for-15 reverse stock split of our common stock, or the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split became effective at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on November 28, 2023, or the Effective Time. 
 As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every 15 shares of our issued and outstanding common stock were automatically reclassified into one validly issued, fully-paid and non-assessable share of common stock, subject to the treatment of fractional shares as described below, without any action on the part of the holders thereof. The Reverse Stock Split did not affect the number of authorized shares of common stock or the par value of the common stock. 
 No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Stockholders who would otherwise be entitled to receive fractional shares as a result of the Reverse Stock Split were entitled to a cash payment in lieu thereof at a price equal to the fraction to which the stockholder would otherwise be entitled, multiplied by the closing price per share of the common stock (as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split) on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on November 28, 2023, the last trading day immediately preceding the Effective Time. 
 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Revenue 
 We have not generated any revenue from the sale of products since inception and do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products for several years, if at all. As discussed in Note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, we entered into an Option and License Agreement, or the Collaboration Agreement, with UCB Biopharma SRL, or UCB, in December 2022. We recognized 0.3 million and 1.1 million, respectively, of collaboration revenue from the Collaboration Agreement during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.5 million and 1.9 million, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 The nature of our business and primary focus of our activities generate a significant amount of research and development costs. Research and development expenses represent costs incurred by us for the following: 
 discovery efforts leading to development candidates; 
 clinical development costs for our product candidates; and 
 costs to develop our manufacturing technology and infrastructure. 
 The costs above comprise the following categories: 
 personnel-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense; 
 expenses incurred under agreements with third parties, such as consultants, investigative sites and CROs, that conduct our preclinical and clinical studies and in-licensing arrangements; 
 costs incurred to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements; 
 costs incurred with third-party contract development and manufacturing organizations to acquire, develop and manufacture materials for preclinical and clinical studies; and 
 depreciation, amortization and other direct and allocated expenses, including rent and other operating costs, such as information technology, incurred as a result of our research and development activities. 
 We expense research and development costs as incurred. We recognize external development costs based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information provided to us by our vendors and 
 20 

our clinical investigative sites. Payments for these activities are based on the terms of the individual agreements, which may differ from the pattern of costs incurred, and are reflected in our condensed consolidated balance sheets as prepaid expenses or accrued expenses. Non-refundable advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are deferred and capitalized, even when there is no alternative future use for the research and development. The capitalized amounts are expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 
 As a company operating in a virtual environment, a significant portion of our research and development costs have been external costs incurred by third-parties. We track direct external research and development expenses to specific platforms and product candidates upon commencement. Due to the number of ongoing studies and our ability to use resources across platforms, indirect or shared operating costs incurred for our research and development platforms, such as personnel, facility costs and certain consulting costs, are not recorded or maintained on a platform-specific basis. 
 The following table reflects our research and development expenses, including direct expenses summarized by platform and indirect or shared operating costs recognized as research and development expenses during each period presented (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cerebrum 
 27,474 5,832 55,226 23,857 Solidus 
 1,327 2,806 4,197 16,330 Personnel-related (including stock-based compensation) 10,863 6,840 30,265 21,744 Other indirect research and development expenses 2,217 1,782 6,437 6,447 Total research and development expenses 41,881 17,260 96,125 68,378 
 Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. We expect that our research and development expenses will be maintained or increase in the foreseeable future as we advance our product candidates through the development phase, and as we continue to discover and develop additional product candidates, build manufacturing capabilities and expand into additional therapeutic areas. 
 At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing and estimated costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of, and obtain regulatory approval for, any of our product candidates. We are also unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from sales or licensing of our product candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with drug development, including the uncertainty of: 
 our ability to add and retain key research and development personnel; 
 the timing and progress of preclinical and clinical development activities; 
 the number and scope of preclinical and clinical programs we decide to pursue; 
 our ability to successfully complete clinical trials with safety, tolerability and efficacy profiles that are satisfactory to the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority; 
 our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and then successfully commercialize, our product candidates; 
 our successful enrollment in and completion of clinical trials; 
 the costs associated with the development of any additional product candidates we identify in-house or acquire through collaborations; 
 our ability to discover, develop and utilize biomarkers to demonstrate target engagement, pathway engagement and the impact on disease progression of our product candidates; 
 21 

our ability to establish and maintain agreements with third-party manufacturers for clinical supply for our clinical trials and commercial manufacturing, if our product candidates are approved; 
 the terms and timing of any collaboration, license or other arrangement, including the terms and timing of any milestone payments thereunder; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain patent, trade secret and other IP protection and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates, if approved; 
 our receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 
 our ability to commercialize products, if approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; and 
 the continued acceptable safety profiles of our product candidates. 
 A change in any of these variables with respect to the development of any of our product candidates would significantly change the costs, timing and viability associated with the development of that product candidate. For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to delay our planned start of clinical trials or require us to conduct clinical trials or other testing beyond those that we currently expect, or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any of our planned clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time to complete our clinical development activities. We may never obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Drug commercialization will take several years and require significant development costs. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation, for personnel in our executive, finance, legal, commercial and administrative functions. General and administrative expenses also include legal fees relating to corporate matters; professional fees for accounting, auditing, tax and administrative consulting services; commercial-related costs to support market assessments and scenario planning; insurance costs; administrative travel expenses; and facility-related expenses, which include direct depreciation costs and allocated expenses for office rent and other operating costs, such as information technology. Costs to secure and defend our IP are expensed as incurred and are classified as general and administrative expenses. These costs relate to the operation of the business and are unrelated to the research and development function or any individual platform or product candidate. 
 We anticipate that our general and administrative expenses may increase in the future as we increase our headcount, when needed, to support the expected growth in our research and development activities and the potential commercialization of our product candidates. We also expect to incur additional IP-related expenses as we file patent applications to protect innovations arising from our research and development activities. 
 Other Income 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net consists of interest income from our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and amortization of investment premiums and discounts. 
 Income Taxes 
 Since our inception, we have not recorded any U.S. federal or state income tax benefits for the net losses we have incurred in each year or for our earned research and development tax credits due to our uncertainty of realizing a benefit from those items. Income taxes are determined at the applicable tax rates adjusted for non-deductible expenses, research and development tax credits and other permanent differences. Our income tax provision may be significantly affected by changes to our estimates. There was no income tax provision recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our condensed consolidated statements of operations for each period presented (in thousands): 
 22 

Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Collaboration revenue 302 468 (166) Operating expenses: Research and development 41,881 17,260 24,621 General and administrative 15,256 8,724 6,532 Total operating expenses 57,137 25,984 31,153 Loss from operations (56,835) (25,516) (31,319) Other income: Other income, net 4,925 884 4,041 Total other income 4,925 884 4,041 Net loss (51,910) (24,632) (27,278) 
 Collaboration Revenue 
 The 0.2 million decrease in collaboration revenue is associated with a decrease in the revenue recorded under the Collaboration Agreement with UCB that was executed in December 2022. Changes in revenue recognized each period reflect timing of research services provided and costs incurred. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for each period presented, along with the changes in those items (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Cerebrum 
 27,474 5,832 21,642 Solidus 
 1,327 2,806 (1,479) Personnel-related (including stock-based compensation) 10,863 6,840 4,023 Other indirect research and development expenses 2,217 1,782 435 Total research and development expenses 41,881 17,260 24,621 
 The 24.6 million increase in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to the following: 
 21.6 million increase in expense related to our Cerebrum platform, driven primarily by: 
 a 15.7 million increase in spend for our ulixacaltamide program, primarily due to Essential3 study spend, as well as Phase 1 trial spend, partially offset by completion of our Essential1 study in the prior year; 
 a 5.4 million increase in spend for our vormatrigine program, primarily related to current quarter POWER1, RADIANT and EMPOWER study startup activities, Phase 1 trial spend and manufacturing spend; and 
 a 0.5 million increase in spend for our relutrigine program, primarily related to the EMBOLD Phase 2 clinical trial. 
 4.0 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, due to increased headcount; 
 0.4 million increase in indirect expenses driven primarily by consulting spend; and 
 1.5 million decrease in expense related to our Solidus platform, driven by prior year spend associated with our elsunersen program. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 23 

The 6.5 million increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to the following: 
 4.6 million increase in personnel-related costs, mainly due to increased stock-based compensation expense; 
 1.4 million increase in professional expenses mainly due to increased legal, audit and other consulting expenses; and 
 0.5 million increase in other expenses, none of which were individually significant. 
 Other Income 
 Other income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was comprised of interest income on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and investment premium and discount amortization. Other income for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was compromised of interest income on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our condensed consolidated statements of operations for each period presented (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Collaboration revenue 1,090 1,932 (842) Operating expenses: Research and development 96,125 68,378 27,747 General and administrative 41,174 32,121 9,053 Total operating expenses 137,299 100,499 36,800 Loss from operations (136,209) (98,567) (37,642) Other income: Other income, net 12,069 2,168 9,901 Total other income 12,069 2,168 9,901 Net loss (124,140) (96,399) (27,741) 
 Collaboration Revenue 
 The 0.8 million decrease in collaboration revenue is associated with a decrease in the revenue recorded under the Collaboration Agreement with UCB that was executed in December 2022. Changes in revenue recognized each period reflect timing of research services provided and costs incurred. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for each period presented, along with the changes in those items (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 Cerebrum 
 55,226 23,857 31,369 Solidus 
 4,197 16,330 (12,133) Personnel-related (including stock-based compensation) 30,265 21,744 8,521 Other indirect research and development expenses 6,437 6,447 (10) Total research and development expenses 96,125 68,378 27,747 
 The 27.7 million increase in research and development expenses was primarily attributable to the following: 
 24 

31.4 million increase in expense related to our Cerebrum platform, driven primarily by: 
 a 29.5 million increase in spend for our ulixacaltamide program, primarily due to clinical-related activities for our Phase 3 program in ulixacaltamide and Phase 1 trial spend, partially offset by prior year Essential1 study activity; 
 a 3.2 million increase in clinical-related spend for our vormatrigine program, primarily driven by current quarter POWER1, RADIANT, and EMPOWER study startup activities and manufacturing spend; 
 a 0.3 million increase in spend for our relutrigine program related to our EMBOLD study; and 
 a 1.6 million decrease in activities for our earlier stage assets. 
 12.1 million decrease in expense related to our Solidus platform, driven by a prior year 6.9 million milestone payment due to Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc., or Ionis, upon initiation of our elsunersen EMBRAVE study, as well as prior year study activity; and 
 8.5 million increase in personnel-related costs, primarily stock-based compensation expense. 
 General and Administrative Expense 
 The 9.1 million increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to the following: 
 8.3 million increase in personnel-related costs mainly due to increased stock-based compensation expense; 
 0.3 million increase in professional fees, primarily audit fees; and 
 0.5 million increase in other expenses, none of which were individually significant. 
 Other Income 
 Other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was comprised of interest income on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and investment premium and discount amortization. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Since our inception, we have incurred significant losses in each period. We have not yet commercialized any of our product candidates, which are in various phases of preclinical and clinical development, and we do not expect to generate revenue from sales of any products for several years, if at all. 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily with proceeds from the issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock and from the sale of common stock through an initial public offering, common stock and pre-funded warrants through follow-on public offerings and common stock from at-the-market offerings under our shelf registration statement. From inception through September 30, 2024, we have raised 1.0 billion in aggregate cash proceeds from such transactions, net of issuance costs. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of 411.2 million. 
 In November 2021, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement, or the 2021 Sales Agreement, with Jefferies LLC, or Jefferies, to provide for the offering, issuance and sale of up to an aggregate amount of 125.0 million of common stock from time to time in at-the-market offerings for which Jefferies acted as sales agent. We terminated the 2021 Sales Agreement in June 2023. 
 On June 21, 2023, we completed a public offering of: (i) an aggregate of 4,296,646 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 14.25 per share, including the underwriters' full exercise of their option to purchase 619,979 additional shares of common stock, and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase 470,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 14.2485 per share. The purchase prices per share for each pre-funded warrant represents the per share offering price for the common stock, less the 0.0015 per share exercise price for each underlying share. Total net proceeds generated from the offering were approximately 63.4 million, after deducting 
 25 

underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses payable by us. As of June 30, 2024, all warrants associated with this offering were exercised on a cashless basis with no proceeds received by the Company. 
 In December 2023, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement, or the 2023 Sales Agreement, with Jefferies, to provide for the offering, issuance and sale of up to an aggregate amount of 75.0 million of common stock in at-the-market offerings. The 2023 Sales Agreement was terminated in January 2024. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we issued and sold an aggregate of 192,190 shares under the 2023 Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 5.3 million, after deducting commissions and offering expenses payable by us. 
 On January 16, 2024, we completed a public offering of: (i) an aggregate of 3,802,025 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 35.50 per share, including the underwriters' full exercise of their option to purchase 633,750 additional shares of common stock, and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase 1,056,725 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 35.4999 per share of common stock underlying the warrants. The purchase price per share of each pre-funded warrant represents the per share offering price for the common stock, less the 0.0001 per share exercise price of each underlying share. Total net proceeds generated from the offering were approximately 161.6 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses payable by us. As of September 30, 2024, 152,145 warrants associated with this offering were exercised on a cashless basis with no cash proceeds received by the Company. 
 In March 2024, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement, or the 2024 Sales Agreement, with Jefferies, to provide for the offering, issuance, and sale of up to an aggregate amount of 150.0 million of common stock in at-the-market offerings. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we issued and sold an aggregate of 42,851 shares under the 2024 Sales Agreement for aggregate net proceeds of 2.3 million, after deducting commissions and offering expenses payable by us. 
 On April 2, 2024, we completed a public offering of: (i) an aggregate of 3,849,558 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 56.50 per share, including the underwriters' full exercise of their option to purchase 530,973 additional shares of common stock, and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase 221,238 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 56.4999 per share of common stock underlying the warrants. The purchase price per share for each pre-funded warrant represents the per share offering price for the common stock, less the 0.0001 per share exercise price of each underlying share. Total net proceeds generated from the offering were approximately 216.0 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering expenses payable by us. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table provides information regarding our cash flows for each period presented (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (75,635) (87,275) Investing activities (237,576) 39,000 Financing activities 400,556 87,745 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 87,345 39,470 
 Operating Activities 
 Our cash flows from operating activities are greatly influenced by our use of cash for operating expenses and working capital requirements to support our business. We have historically experienced negative cash flows from operating activities as we have invested in developing our portfolio, drug discovery efforts and related infrastructure. The cash used in operating activities resulted primarily from our net losses adjusted for non-cash charges and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which are primarily the result of increased expenses and timing of vendor payments. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities of 75.6 million was primarily due to our 124.1 million net loss, partially offset by 15.8 million in changes in operating assets and 
 26 

liabilities primarily related to increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses, and 32.7 million of non-cash charges primarily related to stock-based compensation. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities of 87.3 million was primarily due to our 96.4 million net loss and 11.0 million in changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily related to decreases in accrued expenses and accounts payable, partially offset by 20.1 million of non-cash charges primarily related to stock-based compensation. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities of 237.6 million was primarily related to purchases of marketable securities partially offset by maturities of marketable securities. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by investing activities of 39.0 million was related to maturities of marketable securities. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities of 400.6 million consisted primarily of net proceeds from our January 2024 and April 2024 follow-on public offerings, our at-the-market offerings and our collaboration and license agreement with Tenacia. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities of 87.7 million consisted primarily of net proceeds from at-the-market offerings and our June 2023 follow-on public offering. 
 Plan of Operation and Future Funding Requirements 
 We expect our expenses to increase substantially in connection with our ongoing research and development activities, particularly as we advance the preclinical activities and clinical trials of our product candidates. As a result, we expect to incur substantial operating losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 
 advance the clinical development of our clinical-stage product candidates within our Cerebrum and Solidus platforms; 
 advance the development of any additional product candidates; 
 conduct research and continue preclinical development of potential product candidates; 
 make strategic investments in manufacturing capabilities; 
 maintain our IP portfolio and opportunistically acquire complementary IP; 
 seek to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates; 
 potentially establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure and scale-up manufacturing capabilities to commercialize any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; 
 when needed, add clinical, scientific, operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and potential future commercialization efforts and to support our operations as a public company; and 
 experience any delays or encounter any issues with any of the above, including but not limited to failed studies, complex results, safety issues or other regulatory challenges. 
 We are unable to estimate the exact amount of our working capital requirements, but based on our current operating plan, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities as of September 30, 2024 will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into 2027. However, we have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong and we could exhaust our capital resources sooner than we expect. 
 27 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and potential collaborations with third parties for the development of our product candidates, we may incorrectly estimate the timing and amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses associated with completing the research and development of our product candidates. Our funding requirements and timing and amount of our operating expenditures will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our platforms and product candidates; 
 the number and characteristics of product candidates and technologies that we develop or may in-license; 
 the costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 
 the costs necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, if any, for products in the United States and other jurisdictions, and the costs of post-marketing studies that could be required by regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where approval is obtained; 
 the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our IP rights and defending any IP-related claims; 
 the continuation of our existing licensing arrangements and entry into new collaborations and licensing arrangements; 
 the costs we incur in maintaining business operations; 
 the costs associated with being a public company; 
 the revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of any product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; and 
 the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products and technologies, including entering into licensing or collaboration arrangements for product candidates, although we currently have no commitments or agreements to complete any such acquisitions or investments in businesses. 
 Identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain marketing approval and achieve product sales. In addition, our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of products that we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if ever. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funds to achieve our business objectives. 
 Adequate additional funds may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. We do not currently have any committed external source of funds. Market volatility could also adversely impact our ability to access capital as and when needed. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. Additional debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends and may require the issuance of warrants, which could potentially result in dilution to the holders of our common stock. 
 If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit or terminate our product development programs or any future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates to third parties that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 28 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies from those described under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024, other than as disclosed in Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 We have reviewed all recently issued standards and have determined that, other than as disclosed in Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, such standards will not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements or do not otherwise apply to our current operations. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates, particularly because cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities we may hold at any time may be in the form of money market funds or marketable debt securities or may be invested in U.S. Treasury and U.S. government agency obligations. However, because of the low risk profile of the instruments in our portfolio at any given time, an immediate change in market interest rates of 100 basis points would not have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Management s Evaluation of Our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") as controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 29 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 30 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we are not party to any material legal matters or claims. We may become party to legal matters and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We cannot predict the outcome of any such legal matters or claims, and despite the potential outcomes, the existence thereof may have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 We did not make any sales of unregistered securities during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 (a) Disclosure in lieu of reporting on a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 None. 
 (b) Material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the board of directors. 
 None. 
 (c) Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

31 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on October 20, 2020). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on January 7, 2022). 
 4.1 
 Form of Pre-funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on January 12, 2024 
 4.2 
 Form of Pre-funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on March 29, 2024 
 10.1 
 Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on June 6, 2024) 
 1 0.2 
 Employment Agreement Amendment Letter, dated October 11, 2024, by and between Marcio Souza and Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on October 15, 2024) 
 1 0.3 
 Employment Agreement Amendment Letter, dated October 11, 2024, by and between Timothy Kelly and Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on October 15, 2024) 
 1 0.4 
 Employment Agreement Amendment Letter, dated October 11, 2024, by and between Alex Nemiroff and Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39620) filed on October 15, 2024) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith. 
 The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto are deemed to accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 
 32 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 PRAXIS PRECISION MEDICINES, INC. Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Marcio Souza Marcio Souza Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Timothy Kelly Timothy Kelly Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31120240930.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Marcio Souza, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s MARCIO SOUZA Marcio Souza Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31220240930.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Timothy Kelly, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s TIMOTHY KELLY Timothy Kelly Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32120240930.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Praxis Precision Medicines, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of their knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s MARCIO SOUZA Marcio Souza Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date November 6, 2024 
 By s TIMOTHY KELLY Timothy Kelly Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 prax-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 prax-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 prax-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 prax-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 prax-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

