<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_88121_0000088121-24-000087.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10867793</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76051</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1239879</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4374635</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1583418</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3236506</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000088121-24-000087.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029161053
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000088121-24-000087
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEABOARD CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000088121
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-FARM PRODUCT RAW MATERIALS [5150]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				042260388
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03390
		FILM NUMBER:		241405818

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9000 W. 67TH STREET
		CITY:			SHAWNEE MISSION
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9136768800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9000 W. 67TH STREET
		CITY:			SHAWNEE MISSION
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SEABOARD ALLIED MILLING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19820328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HATHAWAY BAKERIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710315

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000088121-24-000087.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 seb-20240928x10q.htm
 SEABOARD CORPORATION 10-Q DATED SEPTEMBER 28, 2024

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________________________________ to ____________________________________ Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No . There were shares of common stock, 1.00 par value per share, outstanding on October 22, 2024. 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements SEABOARD CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, (Millions of dollars except share and per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales: Products (includes sales to affiliates of , , and Services (includes sales to affiliates of , , and Other Total net sales Cost of sales and operating expenses: Products Services Other Total cost of sales and operating expenses Gross income Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income (includes , , and from affiliates) Income from affiliates Other investment income (loss), net ) Foreign currency gains (losses), net ) ) Miscellaneous, net ) Total other income, net Earnings before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net earnings (loss) ) ) Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests Net earnings (loss) attributable to Seaboard ) ) Earnings (loss) per common share Average number of shares outstanding Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax expense: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Unrecognized pension cost Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Seaboard ) ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 2 

SEABOARD CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 

September 28, December 31, (Millions of dollars except share and per share amounts) 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Receivables: Trade Due from affiliates Other (includes and due from affiliates) Total receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) Receivables, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Investments in and advances to affiliates Goodwill Deferred tax assets Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Lines of credit Accounts payable (includes and due to affiliates) Deferred revenue (includes and due to affiliates) Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current maturities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock of par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares in 2024 and 2023 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total Seaboard stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

SEABOARD CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Unaudited) 

Accumulated Other Common Comprehensive Retained Noncontrolling (Millions of dollars) Stock Loss Earnings Interests Total Balances, December 31, 2022 ) Comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends on common stock /share) ) ) Balances, April 1, 2023 ) Comprehensive income: Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends on common stock /share) ) ) Balances, July 1, 2023 ) Comprehensive income: Net earnings Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Dividends on common stock /share) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) Balances, December 31, 2023 ) Comprehensive income: Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends on common stock /share) ) ) Balances, March 30, 2024 ) Comprehensive income: Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends on common stock /share) ) ) Balances, June 29, 2024 ) Comprehensive loss: Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Dividends on common stock /share) ) ) Balances, September 28, 2024 ) See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

SEABOARD CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 28, September 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings (loss) to cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Income from affiliates ) ) Dividends received from affiliates Other investment income, net ) ) Payment of contingent consideration liability in excess of acquisition date fair value ) Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Receivables, net of allowance for credit losses ) Inventories Other assets ) Accounts payable ) ) Other liabilities, exclusive of debt ) Net cash from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of short-term investments ) ) Proceeds from the sale of short-term investments Proceeds from the maturity of short-term investments Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment Proceeds from the sale of non-consolidated affiliates Investment in and advances to affiliates, net ) Purchase of long-term investments ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash from investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Uncommitted lines of credit, net ) Draws under committed lines of credit Repayments of committed lines of credit ) ) Proceeds from payable to affiliate Principal payments of long-term debt ) ) Finance lease payments ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Dividends paid ) ) Other, net ) Net cash from financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of period See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 5 

SEABOARD CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) million and million for the three months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. During the second quarter of 2024, the Commodity Trading and Milling CT M segment received million on behalf of an affiliate. The amount is included in accounts payable and is payable upon demand. million and less than million, respectively, that were in accounts payable. The following table includes supplemental cash and non-cash information related to leases. Seaboard reports the amortization of right-of-use ROU assets and changes in operating lease liabilities in other liabilities, exclusive of debt in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases million within the CT M segment. As of September 28, 2024, intangible assets, included in other non-current assets, were million, which consisted of the gross carrying amount of million, net of accumulated amortization of million and accumulated foreign currency translation of million. 

 6 

Foreign equity securities Domestic debt securities Foreign debt securities Money market funds held in trading accounts Other trading securities Total trading short-term investments The unrealized gain (loss) related to trading securities still held at the end of the respective reporting period was million and million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Seaboard had million and million of short-term investments denominated in foreign currencies, primarily euros, as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 28, 2024, Seaboard had long-term investments of million in real estate and renewable energy facilities, classified in other non-current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, Seaboard had long-term investments of million which included an investment of million in a business development company BDC ). The BDC completed an initial public offering IPO and became a publicly traded company on the NYSE during the first quarter of 2024. Seaboard s securities in this BDC are subject to standard contractual sale restrictions associated with an IPO. These sale restrictions have phased expiration dates, with all restrictions expiring by February 2025. As of September 28, 2024, the BDC securities are included in short-term investments on the condensed consolidated balance sheet and in domestic equity securities in the table above. The reclassification of these securities from long-term investments to short-term investments was a non-cash activity on the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 

 7 

Pork products and materials Grains, oilseeds and other commodities Biofuels and related credits Other Total inventories at lower of FIFO cost and NRV Grain, flour and feed at lower of weighted average cost and NRV Total inventories million and million, respectively. Of the total outstanding balance as of September 28, 2024, million was denominated in foreign currencies with million denominated in the South African rand and the remaining in various other currencies. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balances under committed and uncommitted lines of credit were million and million, respectively. Of the total outstanding balance as of December 31, 2023, million was denominated in foreign currencies, with million denominated in the South African rand and the remaining in various other currencies. The weighted average interest rate for outstanding lines of credit was and as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Long-Term Debt The following is a summary of long-term debt: Foreign subsidiary obligations Other long-term debt Total debt at face value Current maturities and unamortized costs ) ) Long-term debt, less current maturities and unamortized costs The Term Loan due 2033 credit agreement provides for quarterly payments on the million original principal balance, with the balance due on November 10, 2033, the maturity date. The interest rate was and as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Seaboard was in compliance with all restrictive debt covenants relating to this agreement as of September 28, 2024. Legal Proceedings Seaboard is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business and otherwise, including those matters described below. Seaboard accrues liabilities for loss contingencies when it is deemed probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If a range of loss is estimated, and some amount within that range appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within that range, then that amount is accrued. If no amount within the range can be identified as a better estimate than any other amount, Seaboard accrues the minimum amount in the range. For such matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible, but not probable, or the loss cannot be reasonably estimated, no accrual has been made. In Seaboard s opinion, it has made appropriate and adequate accruals for loss contingencies where necessary as of September 28, 2024. Substantially all of Seaboard s contingencies are subject to uncertainties and, therefore, determining the likelihood of a loss or the measurement of any loss can be complex. Consequently, Seaboard is unable to estimate the 

 8 

of her siblings (Ms. de Fernandez, together with the Inheritors and the Estates being referred to as the Plaintiffs against Seaboard Corporation in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (the Delaware District Court ), making claims under Title III of the Cuban Liberty and Solidarity Act of 1996, also known as the Helms-Burton Act (the Act ). The same Plaintiffs filed a separate lawsuit against Seaboard Marine Ltd. Seaboard Marine on December 20, 2020, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida (the Florida District Court ). The complaints in each lawsuit seek unspecified damages (including treble damages) and pre-filing interest as provided in the Act; pre-judgment interest; attorneys fees, costs and expenses; and such other relief as is just and proper. The Act provides that any person who knowingly and intentionally traffics in property which was confiscated by the Cuban government may be liable to any U.S. national who acquires an ownership interest in such property for money damages in an amount equal to the greater of the current fair market value of the property or the value of the property when confiscated, plus interest from the date of confiscation, reasonable attorneys fees and costs, and treble damages under certain circumstances. The complaint in each of the cases alleges that the Plaintiffs acquired ownership interests to a concession to develop port facilities at Mariel Bay, Cuba, and ownership of surrounding land, and that these and other property rights were confiscated by the Cuban government in 1960. The complaints further allege that Seaboard Corporation and Seaboard Marine knowingly and intentionally trafficked in the confiscated property within the meaning of the Act by carrying and/or directing cargo to the Port of Mariel. The Florida District Court in the Seaboard Marine case dismissed the claims of the Inheritors and the Estates because they did not acquire the ownership claims prior to March 1996, as required by the Act. The remaining plaintiff, Ms. de Fernandez, contends she owns of the companies that were granted the concession and owned land in or around Mariel Bay, Cuba. On August 19, 2022, the Florida District Court granted Seaboard Marine s Motion for Summary Judgment and entered a Final Judgment (the Summary Judgment in favor of Seaboard Marine. On September 1, 2022, the Plaintiffs appealed the Summary Judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit Appeal ). Oral arguments with respect to the Appeal were held on January 24, 2024, and the court has not yet ruled. As to the suit against Seaboard Corporation, on October 21, 2021, the Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint which principally added allegations that there were other callings made by Seaboard Marine at the Port of Mariel and that Seaboard Corporation engaged in a pattern of doing business with individuals and entities in contravention of U.S. foreign policy. Seaboard Corporation filed a Motion to Dismiss, which is currently pending. On September 28, 2022, the Delaware District Court stayed this lawsuit against Seaboard Corporation until 30 days after the outcome of the Appeal in the Seaboard Marine case. Seaboard believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims and intends to vigorously defend the litigation. However, the outcome of litigation is inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, and if unfavorable, could result in a material liability. Pork Price-Fixing Antitrust Litigation On June 28, 2018, indirect purchasers of pork products filed a class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for 

 9 

employees of pork or beef processing plants filed a class action complaint (the Class Action in the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado (the Court ), individually and on behalf of all other employees at such plants (the Class ), against several pork and beef processors and their subsidiaries and related companies, including Seaboard Foods. The complaint alleges, among other things, that beginning in January 2014, the defendants conspired in violation of antitrust laws to fix and depress the compensation paid to the Class by, among other things, participating in third-party compensation surveys and exchanging wage-related information through a third-party benchmarking service. The relief sought includes treble damages, injunctive relief, pre- and post-judgment interest, costs and attorneys fees. On June 23, 2023, Seaboard Foods reached a settlement with the Class to settle the Class Action which was approved by the Court and paid during Seaboard s first quarter of 2024. Cereoil and Nolston Litigation On March 20, 2018, the bankruptcy trustee (the Trustee for Cereoil Uruguay S.A. Cereoil filed a suit in the Bankruptcy Court of First Instance in Uruguay naming as parties Seaboard Corporation and its subsidiaries, Seaboard Overseas Limited SOL and Seaboard Uruguay Holdings Ltd. Seaboard Uruguay ). Seaboard Corporation has a indirect ownership of Cereoil. The suit (the Clawback Action seeks an order requiring Seaboard Corporation, SOL and Seaboard Uruguay to reimburse Cereoil the amount of approximately million (approximately million with interest at the statutory rate) (the Clawback Amount ), contending that deliveries of soybeans to SOL pursuant to purchase agreements should be set aside as fraudulent conveyances. Seaboard believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims 

 10 

subsidiaries could be ordered to pay the Clawback Amount to Cereoil. On April 27, 2018, the Trustee filed an additional suit in the Bankruptcy Court of First Instance in Uruguay that was served during the second quarter of 2018, naming as parties Seaboard Corporation, SOL, Seaboard Uruguay, all directors of Cereoil, including individuals employed by Seaboard who served as directors at the behest of Seaboard, and the Chief Financial Officer of Cereoil, an employee of Seaboard who also served at the behest of Seaboard (collectively, the Cereoil Defendants ). The Trustee contends that the Cereoil Defendants acted with willful misconduct to cause Cereoil s insolvency, and thus should be ordered to pay all liabilities of Cereoil, net of assets. The bankruptcy filing listed the U.S. dollar equivalent of liabilities of approximately million and assets of approximately million. Based on the information received from the Trustee on the administration of the case and the liquidation of assets, as of September 28, 2024, the U.S. dollar equivalent of liabilities was estimated to be approximately million, and the liquidation value of the remaining assets is negligible. Seaboard believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims alleged in this matter and intends to vigorously defend this matter. In the event of an adverse ruling, Seaboard Corporation and the other Cereoil Defendants could be ordered to pay the liabilities of Cereoil, net of any amounts received from the liquidation of Cereoil s assets, and could be ordered to pay an inflation adjustment, interest, the Trustee s fees and other expenses. Any award in this case should be reduced by the amount of any award in the Clawback Action described above that is paid to Cereoil. On September 30, 2021, HSBC Bank (Uruguay) SA HSBC ), a creditor in the Cereoil bankruptcy proceeding pending in Uruguay, filed a suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas (the Kansas District Court against Seaboard Corporation alleging claims for breach of contract, promissory estoppel, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, unjust enrichment, fraud, negligent misrepresentation and fraud by concealment based upon a comfort letter, alleged statements by Cereoil personnel (including the Chief Financial Officer serving at the behest of Seaboard), and the same grain transactions that the Trustee challenges as fraudulent conveyances in the Cereoil bankruptcy in Uruguay discussed above. HSBC seeks million plus interest and other relief in excess of million. In March 2022, Seaboard filed a motion to dismiss HSBC s claims on various grounds. On September 23, 2022, the Kansas District Court dismissed of HSBC s claims. of those claims, for fraud, negligent misrepresentation and fraud by concealment, can be refiled by HSBC in Uruguay. The other claims, for breach of contract, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing and unjust enrichment, were dismissed with prejudice and cannot be refiled unless HSBC successfully appeals the Kansas District Court order. The claim not dismissed in this matter is for promissory estoppel. Seaboard believes that it has meritorious defenses to this claim and intends to vigorously defend it. In the event of an adverse ruling, Seaboard Corporation could be ordered to pay HSBC the amounts described above. On May 15, 2018, the Trustee for Nolston S.A. Nolston filed a suit in the Bankruptcy Court of First Instance in Uruguay that was served during the second quarter of 2018, naming as parties Seaboard and the other Cereoil Defendants. Seaboard has a indirect ownership of Nolston. The Trustee contends that the Cereoil Defendants acted with willful misconduct to cause Nolston s insolvency, and thus should be ordered to pay all liabilities of Nolston, net of assets. The bankruptcy filing listed the U.S. dollar equivalent of liabilities of approximately million and assets of approximately million. Based on the administration of the case which resulted in duplicative claims made in the Cereoil case and the liquidation of assets, as of September 28, 2024, the U.S. dollar equivalent of liabilities was estimated to be approximately million, and there are remaining assets with any value. Seaboard believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims alleged in this matter and intends to vigorously defend this matter. In the event of an adverse ruling, Seaboard Corporation and the other defendants could be ordered to pay the liabilities of Nolston, and could be ordered to pay an inflation adjustment, interest, the Trustee s fees and other expenses. Guarantees Certain of Seaboard s non-consolidated affiliates have debt supporting their underlying operations. From time to time, Seaboard will provide guarantees of such debt in order to further Seaboard s business objectives. As of September 28, 2024, guarantees outstanding were not material. Seaboard has not accrued a liability for any of the guarantees as the likelihood of loss is remote. 

 11 

Foreign equity securities Domestic debt securities Foreign debt securities Money market funds held in trading accounts Other trading securities Trading securities other current assets Derivatives Total assets Liabilities: Derivatives Total liabilities 

December 31, (Millions of dollars) 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Trading securities short-term investments: Domestic equity securities Foreign equity securities Domestic debt securities Foreign debt securities Money market funds held in trading accounts Other trading securities Trading securities other current assets Long-term investment - BDC Derivatives Total assets Liabilities: Derivatives Total liabilities Financial instruments consisting of cash and cash equivalents, net receivables, accounts payable, and lines of credit are carried at cost, which approximates fair value as a result of the short-term nature of the instruments. The fair value of short-term investments is measured using multiple levels. Debt securities categorized as level 1 in the fair value hierarchy include debt securities held in mutual funds and exchange-traded funds. As of December 31, 2023, Seaboard held a long-term investment in a BDC that primarily lends to and invests in debt securities of privately held companies. During the first quarter of 2024, the BDC completed an IPO, and the investment is included in short-term domestic equity securities as of September 28, 2024. See Note 2 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. The fair value of long-term debt is estimated by comparing interest rates for debt with similar terms and maturities. As Seaboard s long-term debt is mostly variable-rate, the carrying amount approximates fair value. If Seaboard s long-term debt was measured at fair value on its condensed consolidated balance sheets, it would have been classified as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. Seaboard s operations are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices. Seaboard uses various commodity derivative futures and options contracts to manage some 

 12 

Hogs and pork products Pounds Soybean oil Pounds Foreign currencies U.S. dollar Credit risks associated with these derivative contracts are not significant because Seaboard minimizes counterparty exposure by dealing with credit-worthy counterparties and using margin accounts for some commodity contracts. As of September 28, 2024, the maximum amount of credit risk related to foreign currency contracts, had the counterparties failed to perform according to the terms of the contract, was less than million. The following table provides the fair value of each type of derivative held and where each derivative is included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets: Other current liabilities Foreign currencies Other current assets Other current liabilities Seaboard s commodity derivative assets and liabilities are presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheets on a net basis, including netting the derivatives with the related margin accounts. As of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the commodity derivatives had a margin account balance of million and million, respectively, resulting in a net other current asset in the condensed consolidated balance sheets of million and million, respectively. The following table provides the amount of gain (loss) recognized in income for each type of derivative and where it was recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss): ) ) Foreign currencies Cost of sales Foreign currencies Foreign currency gains (losses), net ) ) 

 13 

) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCL to net earnings (a) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance April 1, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCL to net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCL to net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Balance September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCL to net earnings (a) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance March 30, 2024 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCL to net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance June 29, 2024 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCL to net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance September 28, 2024 ) ) ) 
 (a) This reclassification adjustment primarily represents the amortization of actuarial losses (gains) that were included in net periodic pension cost. reportable segments are: Pork, Liquid Fuels, CT M, Marine, Power, and Turkey. All Other represents primarily a sugar and alcohol production and processing operation in Argentina and a jalape o pepper processing operation in Honduras. Seaboard s reporting segments are based on information used by Seaboard s CEO, in his capacity as CODM, to determine allocation of resources and assess performance. Each of the segments is separately managed. The Pork segment primarily produces hogs to process and sells pork products to further processors, food service operators, distributors and grocery stores throughout the U.S. and in foreign markets. The Liquid Fuels segment produces renewable diesel and biodiesel from pork fat and other animal fats and vegetable oils, along with related environmental credits, for sale to third parties in the U.S. The CT M segment is an integrated agricultural commodity trading, processing and logistics operation that markets wheat, corn, soybean meal and other agricultural commodities in bulk to third-party customers and to non-consolidated affiliates in international markets. The Marine segment provides cargo shipping services in the U.S., the Caribbean and Central and South America. The Power segment is an independent power producer in the Dominican Republic that owns power-generating barges. The Turkey segment holds an equity method investment that produces and processes turkey products. 

 14 

interest in a North American protein and commodity trading company to the majority owner of that company for cash proceeds of million. The following tables present Seaboard s sales disaggregated by major product/service and segment: Transportation Energy Other Total external customer net sales Intersegment net sales (a) ) Segment/consolidated totals ) 

Net Sales: Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Liquid All Intersegment Consolidated (Millions of dollars) Pork Fuels CT M Marine Power Other Eliminations Totals External customer net sales Products Transportation Energy Other Total external customer net sales Intersegment net sales (a) ) Segment/consolidated totals ) 

Net Sales: Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 Liquid All Intersegment Consolidated (Millions of dollars) Pork Fuels CT M Marine Power Other Eliminations Totals External customer net sales Products Transportation Energy Other Total external customer net sales Intersegment net sales (a) ) Segment/consolidated totals ) 

 15 

Transportation Energy Other Total external customer net sales Intersegment net sales (a) ) Segment/consolidated totals ) 
 (a) The Pork segment s intersegment sales primarily represent the sale of pork fat to the Liquid Fuels segment, which uses it as a feedstock in the renewable diesel and biodiesel production processes. The Marine segment s intersegment sales primarily represent shipping services provided to the jalape o pepper processing business. Intercompany transactions are eliminated in consolidation. 
 The following tables present Seaboard s operating income (loss) and income (loss) from affiliates by segment. Operating income (loss) for segment reporting is prepared on the same basis as that used for consolidated operating income. Operating income (loss), along with income (loss) from affiliates for the Pork, CT M, and Turkey segments, is used as the measure of evaluating segment performance because management does not consider interest, other investment income (loss) and income tax benefit (expense) on a segment basis. Administrative services provided by the corporate office are allocated to the individual segments and represent corporate services rendered to and costs incurred for each specific segment, with no allocation to individual segments of general corporate management oversight costs. Corporate operating results represent certain operating costs not specifically allocated to individual segments and include costs related to Seaboard s deferred compensation plans, which are offset by the effect of the mark-to-market adjustments on these investments recorded in other investment income (loss), net. ) ) Liquid Fuels ) ) ) CT M Marine ) Power All Other ) Segment Totals Corporate ) ) ) ) Consolidated Totals CT M ) ) Marine Power Turkey Segment/Consolidated Totals 

 16 

Liquid Fuels CT M Marine Power Turkey All Other Segment Totals Corporate Consolidated Totals CT M Marine Power Turkey All Other Segment/Consolidated Totals The Turkey segment represents Seaboard s investment in Butterball, LLC Butterball ), which is accounted for using the equity method. As of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Butterball had total assets of billion and billion, respectively. Butterball s summarized income statement information was as follows: Operating income Net earnings million, with a corresponding charge to income tax expense, during the third quarter of 2024. A valuation allowance was not needed on certain transferable tax credits that Seaboard has the intent and ability to sell. 

 17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This Management Discussion and Analysis is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, Seaboard s consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and within Seaboard s annual report on Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31, 2023. Certain statements in this report contain forward-looking statements. See the section entitled Forward-looking Statements for more information on these forward-looking statements, including a discussion of the most significant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Management believes Seaboard s combination of internally generated capital resources and borrowing capabilities will be adequate for its existing operations and any currently known potential plans for expansion of existing operations in both the short-term and long-term. Liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and available borrowing capacity under lines of credit facilities. As of September 28, 2024, Seaboard had cash and short-term investments of nearly 1.2 billion and total net working capital of 874 million. The following table presents a summary of Seaboard s available borrowing capacity under lines of credit. 

Total Amount (Millions of dollars) Available Short-term uncommitted and committed lines 1,323 Amounts drawn against lines (427) Available borrowing capacity as of September 28, 2024 896 As of September 28, 2024, 87 million of the 1.2 billion of cash and short-term investments were held by Seaboard s foreign subsidiaries. Historically, Seaboard has considered substantially all foreign profits as being permanently invested in its foreign operations, including all cash and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries. During 2022, Seaboard reversed its indefinite reinvestment assertion in connection with certain previously-taxed undistributed earnings of its Seaboard Marine subsidiary due to the tax effectiveness of repatriating. For all other foreign subsidiaries, Seaboard intends to continue permanently reinvesting their funds outside the U.S. as they continue to demonstrate no need to repatriate them to fund Seaboard s U.S. operations for the foreseeable future. As a result, Seaboard has not recorded deferred taxes for state or foreign withholding taxes that would result upon repatriation of these funds to the U.S. Determination of the tax that might be paid on unremitted earnings if eventually remitted is not practical due to the complexity of the multi-jurisdictional tax environment in which Seaboard operates. Cash Flows Cash provided by operating activities decreased 362 million for the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023. The decrease in cash generated from working capital was 361 million on a net basis. The working capital changes primarily reflected a decrease in cash flows from receivables of 267 million due to timing of collections, a decrease in cash flows for inventories due to lower commodity prices of 48 million and an increase in cash flows related to payments of other liabilities of 35 million. The change in earnings, adjusted for non-cash items, including the valuation allowance adjustment of 176 million to offset U.S. deferred tax assets for the nine-months ended September 28, 2024, was not significant period-over-period. Cash flows from investing activities for short-term investments are part of Seaboard s overall liquidity management strategy. Short-term investment purchases are a result of the investment of excess cash, asset allocation from the active management of the portfolio and re-investment of matured securities. Proceeds from the sale of short-term investments may be used to fund working capital needs and capital expenditure purchases. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, Seaboard invested 373 million in property, plant and equipment, including biogas recovery projects in the Pork segment and installment payments on vessels under construction in the Marine segment and other investments. At certain hog farms, the Pork segment is constructing biogas recovery facilities to capture methane from its hog lagoons and inject it as renewable natural gas into the local pipeline infrastructure. One dual-fueled vessel was completed and delivered during the third quarter of 2024, and another vessel is expected to be completed during the fourth quarter of 2024. For the remainder of 2024, management has budgeted capital expenditures totaling approximately 165 million. Management anticipates paying for these capital expenditures from a combination of available cash, proceeds from the sale of available short-term investments and Seaboard s available borrowing capacity. 

 18 

Cash flows from financing activities primarily include draws and repayments on lines of credit. Seaboard s lines of credit are used to fund working capital and investments in capital expenditures, as needed. The primary long-term debt outstanding is a Term Loan due in 2033 with a balance of 968 million as of September 28, 2024. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Beginning in the second quarter of 2024, Liquid Fuels became a separate reportable segment and the former Sugar and Alcohol segment became part of All Other. The historical periods presented have been recast to reflect these changes. See Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. Net Sales Net sales decreased 170 million and 662 million for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. The decrease for the three-month period primarily reflected a decline of 138 million in CT M segment sales due to lower prices of commodities sold. The decrease for the nine-month period primarily reflected a decline of 496 million in CT M segment sales due to lower prices of commodities sold, partially offset by higher volumes sold, a decline in Marine segment sales of 156 million due to lower freight rates, and a decline in Liquid Fuels segment sales of 143 million due to lower prices of environmental credits sold. The decreases were partially offset by an increase in Pork segment sales of 162 million due primarily to higher volumes of pork products and market hogs sold. See the net sales discussion by reportable segment below for more details. Operating Income (Loss) Operating income decreased 35 million and increased 42 million for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. The decrease for the three-month period primarily reflected a decline in operating income in the Liquid Fuels and Marine segments of 30 million and 41 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in Pork segment operating income of 52 million. The increase in operating income for the nine-month period primarily reflected an increase in Pork segment operating income of 334 million due to higher margins on the sale of pork products and market hogs, partially offset by a 164 million decrease in Marine segment operating income due to lower voyage revenue, and a 75 million decrease in Liquid Fuels segment operating income. See the operating income discussion by reportable segment below for more details. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7 million and 16 million for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily due to higher personnel costs, partially offset by the final adjustment to the contingent consideration liability recognized and paid during the third quarter of 2023. Interest Expense Interest expense increased 12 million and 9 million for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. The increase for the three-month period was primarily due to higher interest rates on more outstanding debt and a decrease in capitalized interest on construction in progress. In November 2023, Seaboard amended its Term Loan Credit Agreement and increased the principal amount from 700 million to 975 million. The increase for the nine-month period primarily related to higher interest rates on more outstanding debt, partially offset by an increase in capitalized interest on construction in progress. Foreign Currency Gains (Losses), Net Foreign currency gains, net decreased 9 million and 24 million for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023, primarily due to fluctuations in the South African rand. Income Tax Expense The effective tax rate for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024 was higher as compared to the same periods of 2023 primarily due to a valuation allowance on U.S. deferred tax assets recorded during the third quarter of 2024, partially offset by increased federal and state tax credits. As a result of establishing the valuation allowance against the U.S. deferred tax asset balances, Seaboard was unable to recognize a benefit of its year-to-date domestic losses and certain tax credits. See Note 8 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on factors that contributed to the valuation allowance during the third quarter of 2024. Seaboard has a history of using tax credits before they expire, and although U.S. GAAP required Seaboard to record a valuation allowance based on past results, management currently believes that these deferred tax assets will be realized in the future over time, although there can be no assurance as to the timing or if these will be realized at all. Seaboard s federal tax credits have long carryforward periods that expire between 2042 and 2044. Despite recent pre-tax book losses in the U.S. operations as a result of challenging commodity conditions, Seaboard has no federal net operating loss carryforwards. 

 19 

In 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development released Pillar Two Model Rules Pillar Two ). The model is designed to ensure large multinational enterprises pay a minimum level of tax on the income arising in each jurisdiction where they operate. The rules include transitional safe harbors that provide temporary exemption of operations in some jurisdictions if certain criteria are met. Some foreign jurisdictions in which Seaboard operates enacted Pillar Two legislation effective in 2024, but the impact will not be material to Seaboard in 2024. Seaboard is continuing to monitor legislative developments across relevant jurisdictions and the potential impact on future results. Segment Results See Note 7 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of net sales and operating income (loss) by reportable segment to consolidated net sales and consolidated operating income (loss), respectively. Pork Segment 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Sept. 28, Sept. 30, Sept. 28, Sept. 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 493 483 10 2 1,532 1,370 162 12 Operating income (loss) 12 (40) 52 130 9 (325) 334 103 Income from affiliates 6 8 (2) (25) 21 27 (6) (22) For the three-month period of 2024, higher volumes of pork products and market hogs sold contributed sales of 31 million and were offset by a decrease in the market price, reducing sales 32 million. Renewable natural gas sales increased, but sales are currently not significant. For the nine-month period of 2024, higher volumes of pork products and market hogs sold contributed sales of 102 million and higher market prices contributed to an increase in sales of 34 million. The increase in operating income for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024 reflected higher margins on pork products and market hogs sold, primarily due to higher sales and lower hog production costs, including lower feed costs of 41 million and 141 million, respectively, and mark-to-market gains on derivative contracts. Also, inventory adjustments to the lower of cost and net realizable value LCNRV reserve resulted in a decrease of 9 million and an increase of 44 million in operating income for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024, respectively, based on a comparison of changes to the reserve per market prices at each respective period end. Inventory adjustments to the LCNRV reserve were necessary since the third quarter of 2022 to properly state the hog inventory balances at quoted future market prices for pork products and grain costs. With more favorable pork prices and lower grain commodity costs, the LCNRV reserve was not needed for the second and third quarter of 2024. Management is unable to predict market prices for pork products, the cost of feed or third-party hogs for future periods; however, based on current conditions, management anticipates this segment to be profitable for the remainder of 2024. 

 20 

Liquid Fuels Segment 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Sept. 28, Sept. 30, Sept. 28, Sept. 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 182 208 (26) (13) 387 530 (143) (27) Operating income (loss) (24) 6 (30) (500) (100) (25) (75) (300) The decrease in sales for the three-month period of 2024 was due to lower market prices and volumes of environmental credits sold of 36 million and 9 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in fuel sales of 19 million. Higher volumes of fuel sold increased sales 49 million, partially offset by lower prices which decreased sales 29 million. The increase in fuel volumes sold was primarily a result of consistent production at the renewable diesel plant during the third quarter of 2024. The decrease in sales for the nine-month period of 2024 was due to lower environmental credits sales and fuel sales of 94 million and 49 million, respectively. The decrease in environmental credit sales was primarily the result of lower market prices which decreased sales 88 million. As the renewable diesel plant was not operational for approximately four months during the first half of 2024 due to maintenance and repairs, fuel sales were impacted. Lower volumes of fuel sold decreased sales 30 million. Operating income decreased for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024 primarily due to a decrease in margins of 28 million and 71 million, respectively. Margins decreased for the three-month period due to lower sales prices and higher production costs on fuel gallons sold. The decrease for the nine-month period primarily reflected lower sales, partially offset by a decrease in production costs. Management is unable to predict market prices for biodiesel, renewable diesel, environmental credits, or the cost of feedstocks for future periods; however, based on current market conditions with lower renewable diesel and biodiesel prices and higher animal fat feedstock costs, management is uncertain whether this segment will be profitable for the remainder of 2024. Commodity markets are volatile, and management believes that current industry economic conditions are temporary. With the passing of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, the federal blender s credits are expected to expire after December 31, 2024. A new clean fuel production credit will replace the federal blender s credits starting in 2025 with value based on the greenhouse gas emissions factor of fuel produced and sold. This clean fuel production credit is expected to be less than the federal blender s credit; however regulatory guidance is pending in order to implement this new credit. For the nine-month periods of 2024 and 2023, the federal blender s credits included in sales was 88 million and 82 million, respectively. CT M Segment 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Sept. 28, Sept. 30, Sept. 28, Sept. 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 1,115 1,253 (138) (11) 3,436 3,932 (496) (13) Operating income 31 33 (2) (6) 83 93 (10) (11) Income (loss) from affiliates 4 (6) 10 167 14 (16) 30 188 The decrease in sales for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024 was primarily due to lower average sales prices of commodities sold which decreased sales 212 million and 753 million, respectively. The decrease was partially offset by higher volumes sold, which increased sales 74 million and 257 million for the three- and nine-month periods, respectively. Sales prices for many of Seaboard s products are directly affected by both domestic and worldwide supply and demand for commodities and competing products, all of which are determined by constantly changing market forces. The slight decrease in operating income for the three-month period of 2024 primarily reflected lower margins related to the decline in sales prices. The decrease in operating income for the nine-month period of 2024 reflected an increase of 22 million in mark-to-market losses on derivatives contracts, partially offset by higher margins due to lower commodity costs. Due to worldwide commodity price fluctuations, the uncertain political and economic conditions in the countries in which this segment operates and the volatility in the commodity markets, management is unable to predict sales and operating results for this segment for future periods; however, management anticipates this segment will be profitable for the remainder of 2024, without the effects of mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts that cannot be predicted. CT M s investments in affiliates are represented by numerous milling, feed and protein affiliates, with no individual investment representing a material fluctuation. The increase in income from affiliates for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024 was primarily due to higher margins with lower commodity costs. 

 21 

Marine Segment 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Sept. 28, Sept. 30, Sept. 28, Sept. 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 324 333 (9) (3) 981 1,137 (156) (14) Operating income (loss) (1) 40 (41) (103) 32 196 (164) (84) The decrease in sales for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024 was due to an overall decline in average freight rates due to competitive pressures, partially offset by an increase in cargo volumes. Cargo volumes increased 9 and 5 for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023. The decrease in operating income for the three-month period of 2024 was primarily the result of lower voyage revenue and an increase in voyage-related costs primarily due to the increase in cargo volumes and rates of some services received, such as stevedoring. The decrease in operating income for the nine-month period of 2024 was primarily the result of lower voyage revenue. An increase in stevedoring and terminal costs was offset by lower charter-hire costs. Management cannot predict changes in fuel costs or other voyage costs, cargo volumes or cargo rates for future periods; however, management anticipates this segment will be profitable for the remainder of 2024. Power Segment 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Sept. 28, Sept. 30, Sept. 28, Sept. 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net sales 66 71 (5) (7) 173 186 (13) (7) Operating income 20 27 (7) (26) 45 59 (14) (24) The decrease in sales for the three-month period of 2024 primarily reflected lower spot market rates due to lower fuel prices. The decrease in sales for the nine-month period of 2024 primarily reflected less power generation due to repairs and maintenance conducted during 2024. The decrease in operating income for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024 primarily reflected lower revenue. During the nine-month period of 2024, lower fuel costs were offset by an increase in maintenance costs. Management cannot predict fuel costs or the extent that spot market rates will fluctuate compared to fuel costs or other power producers for future periods; however, management anticipates this segment will be profitable for the remainder of 2024. While EDM II, the barge that began operations in 2012, remains in operation in the Dominican Republic, Seaboard continues to explore strategic alternatives for this barge, including a sale or relocation. Turkey Segment 

Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Sept. 28, Sept. 30, Sept. 28, Sept. 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Income from affiliates 6 20 (14) (70) 21 61 (40) (66) The Turkey segment represents Seaboard s 52.5 investment in Butterball, which is accounted for using the equity method. Butterball s net income decreased 28 million and 78 million for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, respectively. The decrease in net income was primarily due to a decrease in sales of 50 million and 139 million for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024, respectively, due to weaker pricing, partially offset by lower production costs. The average selling price decreased 10 and 8 for the three- and nine-month periods of 2024, respectively, primarily due to lower market prices. Sales volumes did not have a significant impact on the results of the three-and nine-month periods. Management is unable to predict market prices for turkey products or the cost of feed for future periods; however, management anticipates this segment will be profitable for the remainder of 2024. 

 22 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATE The preparation of Seaboard s condensed consolidated financial statements requires Seaboard to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions. A summary of significant accounting policies and the critical accounting estimate is included in Seaboard s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There were no changes to significant accounting policies or the critical accounting estimate during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Seaboard is exposed to various types of market risks in its day-to-day operations. Primary market risk exposures result from changing commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices. Occasionally, Seaboard utilizes derivative instruments to manage these overall market risks. The nature of Seaboard s market risk exposure related to these items has not changed materially since December 31, 2023. See Note 5 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of market risk exposure. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Seaboard s management evaluated, under the direction of the Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers, the effectiveness of Seaboard s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of September 28, 2024. Based upon and as of the date of that evaluation, Seaboard s Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers concluded that Seaboard s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports it files and submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. It should be noted that any system of disclosure controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any system of disclosure controls and procedures is based in part upon assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Due to these and other inherent limitations of any such system, there can be no assurance that any design will always succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in Seaboard s internal control over financial reporting required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Seaboard s internal control over financial reporting. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings For information related to Seaboard s legal proceedings, see Note 4 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes in the risk factors as previously disclosed in Seaboard s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended September 28, 2024, no director or officer of Seaboard adopted or terminated a Rule 10 b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10 b5- 1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. There were no reportable events during the quarter ended September 28, 2024 otherwise reportable under this Item 5. 

 23 

Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Forward-looking Statements 

This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of Seaboard. Forward-looking statements generally may be identified as statements that are not historical in nature and statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words believes, expects, may, will, should, could, anticipates, estimates, intends, or similar expressions. In more specific terms, forward-looking statements, include without limitation: statements concerning projection of revenues, income or loss, adequate liquidity levels, capital expenditures, capital structure or other financial items, including the impact of mark-to-market accounting on operating income; statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations; statements of future economic performance; statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Seaboard and its management with respect to: (i) Seaboard s ability to obtain adequate financing and liquidity; (ii) the price of feed stocks and other materials used by Seaboard; (iii) the sales price or market conditions for pork, agricultural commodities, renewable diesel and biodiesel, freight, sugar, alcohol, turkey and other products and services; (iv) the recorded tax effects under certain circumstances and changes in tax laws; (v) the volume of business and working capital requirements associated with the competitive trading environment for the CT M segment; (vi) the charter hire rates and fuel prices for vessels; (vii) the fuel costs and related spot market prices for electricity in the Dominican Republic; (viii) the effect of the fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates; (ix) the profitability or sales volume of any of Seaboard s segments; (x) the anticipated costs and completion timetables for Seaboard s scheduled capital improvements, acquisitions and dispositions; (xi) the productive capacity of facilities that are planned or under construction, and the timing of the commencement of operations at such facilities; (xii) potential future impact on Seaboard s business of new legislation, rules or policies; (xiii) adverse results in pending or future litigation matters; (xiv) Seaboard s ability to realize deferred tax assets or the need to record valuation allowances in future periods; or (xv) other trends affecting Seaboard s financial condition or results of operations, and statements of the assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing statements. This list of forward-looking statements is not exclusive. Forward-looking statements are based only on Seaboard s current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding its future financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, performance and business. Seaboard undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise, except as required by law. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. Such factors include risks associated with international operations, including the ongoing conflict 

 24 

between Russia and Ukraine and tensions in the Middle East, deterioration of economic conditions, interest rate fluctuations, inflation, systemic pressures in the banking industry, including potential disruptions in credit markets, supply chain and labor market disruptions, stock price fluctuations, decentralization of operations, investments in non-consolidated affiliates, inherent uncertainties in the determination of the valuation allowance on deferred income tax assets, cyber-attacks and cybersecurity breaches, the food industry, health risks to animals, fluctuations in commodity prices, increases in costs of purchases, difficulties in obtaining and retaining appropriate personnel, the loss or closure of principal properties, disruptions of operations of suppliers and co-packers, ocean transportation, fluctuations in fuel costs, general risks of litigation, compliance with complex rules and regulations, including stringent environmental regulation and measures to address climate change, and specific risks relating to Seaboard s segments. The information contained in this report, including without limitation the information under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as the information included under the caption Risk Factors in Seaboard s latest annual report on Form 10-K describes these factors and identifies other important factors that could cause such differences. 

 25 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Seaboard Corporation (Registrant) by: /s/ David H. Rankin David H. Rankin Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) Date: October 29, 2024 by: /s/ Barbara M. Smith Barbara M. Smith Vice President, Corporate Controller (principal accounting officer) Date: October 29, 2024 

 26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 seb-20240928xex31d1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Robert L. Steer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Seaboard Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 29, 2024 /s/ Robert L. Steer Robert L. Steer President, Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 seb-20240928xex31d2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, David H. Rankin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Seaboard Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 29, 2024 /s/ David H. Rankin David H. Rankin Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 seb-20240928xex32d1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024 (the Report) by Seaboard Corporation (the Company), the undersigned, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 29, 2024 /s/ Robert L. Steer Robert L. Steer President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 seb-20240928xex32d2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024 (the Report) by Seaboard Corporation (the Company), the undersigned, as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 29, 2024 /s/ David H. Rankin David H. Rankin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 seb-20240928.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 seb-20240928_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 seb-20240928_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 seb-20240928_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

