<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241211_10-Q_edgar_data_1792781_0001628280-24-050788.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9942123</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>100401</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5279120</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1754765</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1392958</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1321669</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-050788.hdr.sgml : 20241211
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241211163853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-050788
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241102
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241211
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241211

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Torrid Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001792781
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-APPAREL & ACCESSORY STORES [5600]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40571
		FILM NUMBER:		241542010

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18501 E. SAN JOSE AVENUE
		CITY:			CITY OF INDUSTRY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91748
		BUSINESS PHONE:		626-667-1002

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18501 E. SAN JOSE AVENUE
		CITY:			CITY OF INDUSTRY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91748

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-050788.txt : 20241211

10-Q
 1
 thi-20241102.htm
 10-Q

thi-20241102 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 As of December 9, 2024, there were approximately shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 
 PAGE Part I - Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of November 2, 2024 and February 3, 2024 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three and nine months ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 
 9 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 Part II - Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 34 
 Item 3. D efaults Upon Senior Securities 
 34 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 34 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 35 
 Signatures 
 36 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and are subject to the safe harbor created thereby under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical or current fact included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements may include words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, plan, intend, believe, may, will, should, can have, likely and other words and terms of similar meaning (including their negative counterparts or other various or comparable terminology). For example, all statements we make relating to our estimated and projected costs, expenditures, cash flows, growth rates and financial results, our plans and objectives for future operations, growth or initiatives, strategies or the expected outcome or impact of pending or threatened litigation are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that we expected, including: 
 the adverse impact of rulemaking changes implemented by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on our income streams, profitability and results of operations; 
 changes in consumer spending and general economic conditions; 
 the negative impact on interest expense as a result of steep interest rates; 
 inflationary pressures with respect to labor and raw materials and global supply chain constraints that could increase our expenses; 
 our ability to identify and respond to new and changing product trends, customer preferences and other related factors; 
 our dependence on a strong brand image; 
 increased competition from other brands and retailers; 
 our reliance on third parties to drive traffic to our website; 
 the success of the shopping centers in which our stores are located; 
 our ability to adapt to consumer shopping preferences and develop and maintain a relevant and reliable omni-channel experience for our customers; 
 our dependence upon independent third parties for the manufacture of all of our merchandise; 
 availability constraints and price volatility in the raw materials used to manufacture our products; 
 interruptions of the flow of our merchandise from international manufacturers causing disruptions in our supply chain; 
 our sourcing a significant amount of our products from China; 
 shortages of inventory, delayed shipments to our e-Commerce customers and harm to our reputation due to difficulties or shut-down of our distribution facility; 
 our reliance upon independent third-party transportation providers for substantially all of our product shipments; 
 our growth strategy; 
 our failure to attract and retain employees that reflect our brand image, embody our culture and possess the appropriate skill set; 
 damage to our reputation arising from our use of social media, email and text messages; 
 our reliance on third-parties for the provision of certain services, including real estate management; 
 our dependence upon key members of our executive management team; 
 our reliance on information systems; 
 system security risk issues that could disrupt our internal operations or information technology services; 
 unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, whether through a breach of our computer system, third-party computer systems we rely on, or otherwise; 
 3 

our failure to comply with federal and state laws and regulations and industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, advertising and consumer protection; 
 payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs or subject us to potential liability; 
 claims made against us resulting in litigation; 
 changes in laws and regulations applicable to our business; 
 regulatory actions or recalls arising from issues with product safety; 
 our inability to protect our trademarks or other intellectual property rights; 
 our substantial indebtedness and lease obligations; 
 restrictions imposed by our indebtedness on our current and future operations; 
 changes in tax laws or regulations or in our operations that may impact our effective tax rate; 
 the possibility that we may recognize impairments of long-lived assets; 
 our failure to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting; and 
 the threat of war, terrorism or other catastrophes, including natural disasters, that could negatively impact our business. 
 The outcome of the events described in any of our forward-looking statements are also subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on April 2, 2024 and in our other filings with the SEC and public communications. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in the context of these risks and uncertainties. 
 We caution you that the important factors referenced above may not include all of the factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results or developments we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the outcomes or affect us or our operations in the way we expect. The forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are made only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except to the extent required by law. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments. 
 Investors and others should note that we may announce material information to our investors using our investor relations website (https://investors.torrid.com), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels, as well as social media, to communicate with our investors and the public about our company, our business and other issues. It is possible that the information that we post on social media could be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage investors to visit these websites from time to time. The information contained on such websites and social media posts is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, our references to website URLs in this filing are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 4 

Part I - Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 TORRID HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 November 2, 2024 February 3, 2024 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Prepaid income taxes Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deposits and other noncurrent assets Deferred tax assets Intangible asset Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Borrowings under credit facility Current portion of term loan Due to related parties Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Term loan Deferred compensation Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at November 2, 2024 and February 3, 2024 
 Common shares: par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at November 2, 2024; shares issued and outstanding at February 3, 2024 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' deficit ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

TORRID HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Marketing expenses Income from operations Interest expense Other income, net of other expense ) ) (Loss) income before (benefit from) provision for income taxes ) ) (Benefit from) provision for income taxes ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income: Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Net (loss) earnings per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average number of shares: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

TORRID HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended November 2, 2024 Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Deficit Shares Amount Balance at February 3, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Issuance of common shares and withholding tax payments related to vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units ) ) Share-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at May 4, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Issuance of common shares and withholding tax payments related to vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units ) ) Issuance of common shares related to exercise of stock options Issuance of common shares related to employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at August 3, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common shares and withholding tax payments related to vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units ) ) Issuance of common shares related to exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at November 2, 2024 ) ) ) 
 7 

TORRID HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 28, 2023 Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Deficit Shares Amount Balance at January 28, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Issuance of common shares and withholding tax payments related to vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units ) ) Share-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at April 29, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Issuance of common shares and withholding tax payments related to vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units ) ) Issuance of common shares related to employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation Other comprehensive income Balance at July 29, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Issuance of common shares and withholding tax payments related to vesting of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units ) ) Share-based compensation Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at October 28, 2023 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

TORRID HOLDINGS INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended November 2, 2024 Nine Months Ended October 28, 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Write down of inventory Operating right-of-use assets amortization Depreciation and other amortization Share-based compensation Other ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Prepaid income taxes ) ) Deposits and other noncurrent assets ) ) Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) Deferred compensation ) Due to related parties ) ) Income taxes payable ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from revolving credit facility Principal payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Principal payments on term loan ) ) Proceeds from issuances under share-based compensation plans Withholding tax payments related to vesting of restricted stock units and awards ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for interest related to the revolving credit facility and term loan Cash paid during the period for income taxes SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Property and equipment purchases included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

TORRID HOLDINGS INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 Note 1. 
 Fiscal year 2024 is a 52-week year and fiscal year 2023 was a 53-week year. Fiscal years are identified according to the calendar year in which they begin. For example, references to fiscal year 2024 or similar references refer to the fiscal year ending February 1, 2025. References to the third quarter of fiscal years 2024 and 2023 and to the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively, refer to the 13- and 39-week periods then ended. 
 Description of Business 
 We are a direct-to-consumer brand of apparel, intimates and accessories in North America aimed at fashionable women who are curvy and wear sizes 10 to 30. We generate revenues primarily through our e-Commerce platform www.torrid.com and our stores in the United States of America, Puerto Rico and Canada. 
 reportable segment, which includes the operation of our e-Commerce platform and stores. The single segment was identified based on how the Chief Operating Decision Maker, who we have determined to be our Chief Executive Officer, manages and evaluates performance and allocates resources. Net sales related to our operations in Canada and Puerto Rico during the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023 were not material, and therefore are not reported separately from domestic net sales. 
 10 

We incurred million and million of pre-opening costs during the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024, respectively. We incurred million and million of pre-opening costs during the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 2. 
 
 Note 3. 
 
 Note 4. 
 PLCC Funds receivable Prepaid advertising Prepaid casualty insurance Other Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 11 

Note 5. 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment Software and licenses Construction-in-progress Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 We recorded depreciation expense related to our property and equipment in the amounts of million and million during the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024, respectively. We recorded depreciation expense related to our property and equipment in the amounts of million and million during the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, respectively. 
 We group and evaluate long-lived assets for impairment at the individual store level, which is the lowest level at which individual cash flows can be identified. During the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, we did t recognize any impairment charges. 
 
 Note 6. 
 Less: Accumulated amortization ) ) Internal use of third party hosted software, net 
 During the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024, we amortized approximately million and million, respectively, of implementation costs incurred in cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, we amortized approximately million and million, respectively, of implementation costs incurred in cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts. 

12 

Note 7. 
 Accrued payroll and related expenses Accrued loyalty program Gift cards Accrued sales return allowance Accrued freight Accrued marketing Accrued sales and use tax Accrued self-insurance liabilities Deferred revenue Accrued purchases of property and equipment Accrued lease costs Term loan interest payable Accrued legal Other Accrued and other current liabilities 
 
 Note 8. 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 Other supplementary information related to our leases is reflected in the table below (in thousands, except lease term and discount rate data): 
 Nine Months Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows for operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Increase (decrease) in right-of-use assets resulting from operating lease modifications or remeasurements ) Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 13 

Note 9. 
 Non-apparel Other Total net sales 
 Amounts within Apparel include revenues earned from the sale of tops, bottoms, dresses, intimates, sleep wear, swim wear and outerwear. Amounts within Non-apparel include revenues earned from the sale of accessories, footwear and beauty. Amounts within Other primarily represent PLCC Funds received. 
 We have an agreement with a third party, which is amended from time to time, to provide customers with private label credit cards Credit Card Agreement ). Each private label credit card PLCC bears the logo of the Torrid brand and can only be used at our store locations and on www.torrid.com. A third-party financing company is the sole owner of the accounts issued under the PLCC program and absorbs the losses associated with non-payment by the PLCC holders and a portion of any fraudulent usage of the accounts. Pursuant to the Credit Card Agreement, we receive royalties, profit-sharing and marketing and promotional funds from the third-party financing company based on usage of the PLCCs. These PLCC Funds are recorded as a component of net sales in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 We recognize a contract liability when we receive consideration from a customer before our performance obligations under the terms of a contract or an implied arrangement with the customer are satisfied. During the nine-month period ended November 2, 2024, we recognized revenue of approximately million and million related to our accrued loyalty program and gift cards, respectively, that existed at the beginning of fiscal year 2024. During the nine-month period ended October 28, 2023, we recognized revenue of approximately million and million related to our accrued loyalty program and gift cards, respectively, that existed at the beginning of fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Note 10. 
 months without additional purchase and qualifying non-purchase activity and unredeemed awards typically expire days after issuance. We use historical redemption rates to estimate the value of future award redemptions and we recognize the estimated value of these future awards as a reduction of revenue in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income in the period the points are earned by the customer. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 and as of the end of fiscal year 2023, we had million and million, respectively, in deferred revenue related to our loyalty program included in accrued and other current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024, we recorded million and million, respectively, as a benefit to net sales. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, we recorded million and million, respectively, as a benefit to net sales. Actual results may differ from our estimates, resulting in changes to net sales. 

14 

Note 11. 
 million and million, respectively, for various services under the applicable service agreements, all of which were recorded as components of selling, general and administrative expenses. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, Hot Topic charged us million and million, respectively, for various services under the applicable service agreements, all of which were recorded as components of selling, general and administrative expenses. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 and as of the end of fiscal year 2023, we owed million and million, respectively, to Hot Topic for these services which is included in due to related parties in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 On August 1, 2019, we entered into a services agreement with Hot Topic, which was subsequently amended on July 31, 2022, September 30, 2022, December 1, 2022, January 1, 2024, and most recently, on May 30, 2024 Amended Reverse Services Agreement ). Under the Amended Reverse Services Agreement, Torrid provides Hot Topic with certain information technology services for a fixed fee. The May 30, 2024 amendment solely amends certain pricing information. The term of the Amended Reverse Services Agreement will end on October 25, 2025 or when it is terminated by us or Hot Topic. 
 During the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024, we charged Hot Topic million and million , respectively, for these services. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, we charged Hot Topic million and million , respectively, for these services. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 and as of the end of fiscal year 2023, Hot Topic owed us million and million, respectively, for these services. 
 We and Hot Topic incur certain direct expenses on each other's behalf, such as payments to non-merchandise vendors and each month, we settle these pass-through expenses with each other. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, the net amount Hot Topic owed us for these expenses was million, which is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of the end of fiscal year 2023, the net amount we owed Hot Topic for these expenses was million, which is included in due to related parties in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Sponsor Advisory Services Agreement 
 On May 1, 2015, we entered into an advisory services agreement with Sycamore, pursuant to which Sycamore agreed to provide strategic planning and other related services to us. We are obligated to reimburse Sycamore for its expenses incurred in connection with providing such advisory services to us. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 and as of the end of fiscal year 2023, there were amounts due, and during the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, amounts were paid under this agreement. 
 From time to time, we reimburse Sycamore for certain management expenses it pays on our behalf. During the three-month periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, there were amounts paid to Sycamore for these expenses. During the nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, the amounts paid to Sycamore for these expenses were material. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 and as of the end of fiscal year 2023, there were no amounts due. 
 Other Related Party Transactions 
 MGF Sourcing US, LLC, an entity indirectly controlled by affiliates of Sycamore, is one of our suppliers. During the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024, cost of goods sold included million and million, respectively, related to the sale of merchandise purchased from this supplier. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, cost of goods sold included million and million, respectively, related to the sale of merchandise purchased from this supplier. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 and as of the end of fiscal year 2023, the net amounts we owed MGF Sourcing US, LLC for these purchases were million and million, respectively. These liabilities are included in due to related parties in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 15 

material, and during the nine-month period ended November 2, 2024, cost of goods sold included million related to the sale of merchandise purchased from this supplier. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, cost of goods sold included million and million, respectively, related to the sale of merchandise purchased from this supplier. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, there was amount due to HU Merchandising, LLC, and as of the end of fiscal year 2023, the amount due to HU Merchandising, LLC was material. 
 
 Note 12. 
 Term loan Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement Less: current portion of unamortized original issue discount and debt financing costs ) ) Less: noncurrent portion of unamortized original issue discount and debt financing costs ) ) Total term loan outstanding, net of unamortized original issue discount and debt financing costs Less: current portion of term loan, net of unamortized original issue discount and debt financing costs ) ) Total term loan, net of current portion and unamortized original issue discount and debt financing costs 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 On June 14, 2021, we entered into a term loan credit agreement (the Term Loan Credit Agreement among Bank of America, N.A., as agent, and the lenders party thereto. On May 24, 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Term Loan Credit Agreement (the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement ). The Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement replaced the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR interest rate benchmark with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR benchmark. All other material terms of the Term Loan Credit Agreement remained substantially the same after giving effect to the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement. In March 2020 and January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 and 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope ASU 2021-01 ), respectively. ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2021-01 include practical expedients which provide entities the option to account for qualifying amendments as if the modification was not substantial in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 470, Debt . We elected this option, accordingly, the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement did not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 The Term Loan Credit Agreement provides for term loans in an initial aggregate amount of million, which is recorded net of an original issue discount OID of million and has a maturity date of June 14, 2028. In connection with the Term Loan Credit Agreement, we paid financing costs of approximately million. 
 The elected interest rate on November 2, 2024 was approximately . 
 16 

million. As of the end of fiscal year 2023, the fair value of the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement was approximately million. The fair value of the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement is determined using current applicable rates for similar instruments as of the balance sheet date, a Level 2 measurement (as defined in Note 18 Fair Value Measurements ). 
 As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, total borrowings, net of OID and financing costs, of million remain outstanding under the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement. During the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024, we recognized million and million, respectively, of interest expense related to the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, we recognized million and million, respectively, of interest expense related to the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement. During the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024, we recognized million and million, respectively, of OID and financing costs related to the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, we recognized million and million , respectively, of OID and financing costs related to the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement. The OID and financing costs are amortized over the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement s term and are reflected as a direct deduction of the face amount of the term loan in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. We recognize interest payments, together with amortization of the OID and financing costs, in interest expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 Senior Secured Asset-Based Revolving Credit Facility 
 In May 2015, we entered into a credit agreement for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility with Bank of America, N.A., which was subsequently amended in October 2017, June 2019, September 2019 and June 2021 ABL Facility ). Under the ABL Facility, as amended, the aggregate commitments available are million (subject to a borrowing base), and we have the right to request additional commitments up to million plus the aggregate principal amount of any permanent principal reductions we may take (subject to customary conditions precedent). The principal amount of the outstanding loans are due and payable on June 14, 2026. On April 21, 2023, we entered into a fourth amendment to the ABL Facility (the 4th Amendment ). The 4th Amendment replaced the LIBOR interest rate benchmark with the SOFR benchmark. All other material terms of the ABL Facility, as amended, remained substantially the same after giving effect to the 4th Amendment. We elected to apply the practical expedients included in ASU 2020-04 and 2021-01, accordingly, the 4th Amendment did not have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, the applicable interest rate for borrowings under the ABL Facility, as amended, was approximately per annum. 
 As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, we were compliant with our debt covenants under the ABL Facility, as amended. 
 As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, the maximum restricted payment utilizing the ABL Facility, as amended, that our subsidiaries could make from their net assets was million. 
 We consider the carrying amounts of the ABL Facility, as amended, to approximate fair value because of the variable interest rate of this facility, a Level 2 measurement (as defined in Note 18 Fair Value Measurements ). 
 Availability under the ABL Facility, as amended, as of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 was million, which reflects borrowings. Availability under the ABL Facility, as amended, at the end of fiscal year 2023 was million, which reflects borrowings of million. Standby letters of credit issued and outstanding were million as of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 and million as of the end of fiscal year 2023. We amortize financing costs associated with the ABL Facility, as amended, over the term of the ABL Facility, as amended, and reflect them in prepaid expenses and other current assets and deposits and other noncurrent assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. During the three-month periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, amortization of financing costs for the ABL Facility, as amended, was material. During the nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, amortization of financing costs for the ABL Facility, as amended, was million and million, respectively. During the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024, interest payments were million and million, respectively. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, interest payments were million and million, respectively. We recognize amortization of financing costs and interest payments for the revolving credit facility in interest expense in our condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. 
 17 

Note 13. 
 material. During the three-month period ended October 28, 2023, the benefit from income taxes was million. During the nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, the provision for income taxes were million and million, respectively. The effective tax rates for the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 were and , respectively. The effective tax rates for the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023 were and , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three-month period ended November 2, 2024 as compared to the three-month period ended October 28, 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in the loss before benefit from income taxes for the three-month period ended November 2, 2024. The decrease in effective tax rate for the nine-month period ended November 2, 2024 as compared to the nine-month period ended October 28, 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in the amount of non-deductible compensation for covered employees relative to income before provision for income taxes for the nine-month period ended November 2, 2024. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits by taxing authorities. Our estimate of the potential outcome of any uncertain tax issue is subject to our assessment of the relevant risks, facts and circumstances existing at the time. We believe that we have adequately provided for reasonably foreseeable outcomes related to these matters. However, our future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, which may impact our effective tax rate. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, the total liability for income tax associated with unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, was million million, net of federal benefit). As of the end of fiscal year 2023, the total liability for income tax associated with unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, was million million, net of federal benefit). Our effective tax rate will be affected by any portion of this liability we may recognize. 
 We believe that it is reasonably possible that million million net of federal benefit) of our liability for unrecognized tax benefits, of which the associated interest and penalties are not material, may be recognized in the next 12 months due to the expiration of statutes of limitations. 
 
 Note 14. 
 Restricted stock awards Performance stock units Stock options Restricted cash units ) Employee stock purchase plan Share-based compensation before income taxes Income tax detriment (benefit) ) Net share-based compensation expense 
 RSUs 
 18 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested, November 2, 2024 
 As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs, including PSUs, was million , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years . 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Nonvested, November 2, 2024 
 As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock awards was material and is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average period of approximately . 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, November 2, 2024 Exercisable, November 2, 2024 
 As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 RCUs 
 Restricted cash units RCUs are awarded to certain employees, non-employee directors and consultants and represent the right to receive a cash payment at the end of a vesting period, subject to the employee s continued employment or service as a director or consultant. In general, RCUs vest in equal installments each year over years. RCUs are cash-settled with the value of each vested RCU equal to the lower of the closing price per share of our common stock on the vesting date or a specified per share price cap. We determined that RCUs are in-substance liabilities accounted for as liability instruments in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , due to this cash settlement feature . RCUs are remeasured 
 19 

million, which is included in accrued and other current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Note 15. 
 shareholder derivative complaints were filed in September and October 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against us (as a nominal defendant) and certain officers and directors, captioned Allegra Morgado v. Lisa Harper, et al. and Nicole Long v. Lisa Harper, et al. The derivative complaints similarly allege that certain statements were allegedly false and misleading and that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties. On September 25, 2024, the plaintiffs in the derivative cases filed a request for voluntary dismissal without prejudice, which the Court granted on September 26, 2024 . 
 
 In April 2024, a class action complaint was filed in the Court captioned Crystal Jillson and Carmen Perez v. Torrid LLC. The complaint alleges misleading and unlawful pricing, sales, and discounting practices on our website under multiple legal theories including violation of California s Unfair Competition Law, California False Advertising Law and California Consumer Legal Remedies Act. We intend to defend ourselves against the complaint vigorously. 
 From time to time, we are involved in other matters of litigation that arise in the ordinary course of business. Though significant litigation or awards against us could seriously harm our business and financial results, we do not at this time expect these other matters of litigation to have a material adverse effect on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Indemnities, Commitments and Guarantees 
 During the ordinary course of business, we have made certain other indemnities, commitments and guarantees under which we may be required to make payments in relation to certain transactions. These indemnities include those given to various lessors in connection with facility leases for certain claims arising from such facility or lease and indemnities to our Board of Directors ("Board") and officers to the maximum extent permitted. Commitments include those given to various merchandise vendors and suppliers. From time to time, we have issued guarantees in the form of standby letters of credit as security for workers compensation claims (our letters of credit are discussed in more detail in Note 12 Debt Financing Arrangements ). The durations of these indemnities, commitments and guarantees vary. Some of these indemnities, commitments and guarantees do not provide for any limitation of the maximum potential future payments we could be obligated to make. We have not recorded any liability for these indemnities, commitments and guarantees in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements as no demands have been made upon us to provide indemnification under such agreements and there are no claims that we are aware of that could have a material effect on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Note 16. 
 million of our outstanding common stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time, depending upon a variety of factors, including share price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other market and business conditions, as determined by us. We may purchase shares of our common stock in the open market at current market prices at the time of purchase, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means. The authorization does not, however, obligate us to acquire any particular amount of shares, and the share repurchase program may be suspended or terminated at any time at our discretion. As of November 2, 2024, we had approximately million remaining under the share repurchase program. For the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, we did repurchase any shares. 

20 

Note 17. 
 million potentially dilutive common share equivalents outstanding that were included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. During the three-month period ended November 2, 2024, there were approximately million restricted stock awards and RSUs, including PSUs, and approximately million stock options outstanding, which were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as those awards would have been anti-dilutive or were PSUs with performance conditions that had not yet been achieved. During the nine-month period ended November 2, 2024, there were approximately million stock options and an number of restricted stock awards and RSUs, including PSUs, outstanding, which were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as those awards would have been anti-dilutive or were PSUs with performance conditions that had not yet been achieved. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, there were approximately million potentially dilutive common share equivalents outstanding that were included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. During the three-month period ended October 28, 2023, there were approximately million restricted stock awards and RSUs, including PSUs, and approximately million stock options outstanding, which were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as those awards would have been anti-dilutive or were PSUs with performance conditions that had not yet been achieved. During the nine-month period ended October 28, 2023, there were approximately million restricted stock awards and RSUs, including PSUs, and approximately million stock options outstanding, which were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as those awards would have been anti-dilutive or were PSUs with performance conditions that had not yet been achieved. 
 
 Note 18. 

21 

Total assets Liabilities: Deferred compensation plan liability (noncurrent) Total liabilities 
 Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of the end of fiscal year 2023 consisted of the following (in thousands): February 3, 2024 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Items (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3 Assets: Money market funds (cash equivalent) Total assets Liabilities: Deferred compensation plan liability (noncurrent) Total liabilities 

Note 19. 
 of their base salary and up to of their annual earned bonus, all of which, together with the associated investment returns, are vested from the outset. The Deferred Compensation Plan is designed to be exempt from most provisions of the Employee Retirement Security Act of 1974, as amended. All deferrals and associated earnings are our general unsecured obligations. We may at our discretion contribute certain amounts to eligible employees accounts. To the extent participants were ineligible to receive contributions from participation in our 401(k) Plan (as defined in Note 20 Employee Benefit Plan ), we contributed of the first of participants eligible contributions into their Deferred Compensation Plan accounts. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024 and as of the end of fiscal year 2023, we did t have any assets of the Deferred Compensation Plan and the associated liabilities were million and million, respectively, included in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, million of the million Deferred Compensation Plan liabilities were included in accrued and other current liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. As of the end of fiscal year 2023, million of the million Deferred Compensation Plan liabilities were included in accrued and other current liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

22 

Note 20. 
 hours and are at least years of age are eligible to participate. Employees may contribute up to of their eligible compensation to the 401(k) Plan, subject to a statutorily prescribed annual limit. We may at our discretion contribute certain amounts to eligible employees accounts. We may contribute of the first of participants eligible contributions into their 401(k) Plan accounts. During the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024, we contributed million and million, respectively, to eligible employees Torrid 401(k) Plan accounts. During the three- and nine-month periods ended October 28, 2023, we contributed million and million, respectively, to eligible employees Torrid 401(k) Plan accounts. 

23 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of our Company as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those described below and in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2024 and in our other filings with the SEC and public communications. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a direct-to-consumer brand in North America dedicated to offering a diverse assortment of stylish apparel, intimates, and accessories skillfully designed for curvy women. Specializing in sizes 10 to 30, our primary focus is on providing fashionable, comfortable, and affordable options that meet the unique needs of our customers. Our extensive collection features high quality merchandise, including tops, bottoms, denim, dresses, intimates, activewear, footwear, and accessories. Our products are exclusive to us, with few exceptions, and each product is meticulously crafted to cater to the needs of the curvy woman, empowering her to love the way she looks and feels. Our collections are artfully curated to suit all aspects of our customers lives, including casual weekends, work, dressy and special occasions. Understanding the importance of affordability, we aim to keep our prices reasonable without compromising on quality. This allows us to build a meaningful connection with our customers, distinguishing us from other brands that often overlook plus-size consumers. Our brand experience and product offerings establish us as a differentiated and reliable choice for plus-size customers, which we believe sets us apart in the market. We strive to be everything our customer needs in her closet, consistently delivering products that make her feel confident and stylish. 
 
 Key Financial and Operating Metrics 
 We use the following metrics to assess the progress of our business, inform how we allocate our time and capital, and assess the near-term and longer-term performance of our business. 
 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Number of stores (as of end of period) 655 643 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands, except percentages) (in thousands, except percentages) November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Comparable sales (A) 
 (7) (8) (6) (16) Net (loss) income (1,194) (2,748) 19,306 15,689 Adjusted EBITDA (B) 
 19,584 19,379 92,403 89,791 
 
 (A) Comparable sales for the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 compares sales for the 13- and 39-week periods ended November 2, 2024, respectively, with sales for the 13- and 39-week periods ended November 4, 2023. 
 (B) Please refer to Results of Operations for a reconciliation of net (loss) income to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 Comparable Sales. We define comparable sales for any given period as the sales of our e-Commerce operations and stores that we have included in our comparable sales base during that period. We include a store in our comparable sales base after it has been open for 15 full fiscal months. If a store is closed during a fiscal year, it is only included in the computation of comparable sales for the full fiscal months in which it was open. Comparable sales for the three- and nine-month periods ended November 2, 2024 compares sales for the 13- and 39-week periods ended November 2, 2024, respectively, with sales for the 13- and 39-week periods ended November 4, 2023. Partial fiscal months are excluded from the computation of comparable sales. We apply current year foreign currency exchange rates to both current year and prior year comparable sales to remove the impact of foreign currency fluctuation and achieve a consistent basis for comparison. Comparable sales allow us to evaluate how our unified commerce business is performing exclusive of the effects of non-comparable sales and new store openings. 
 24 

Number of Stores . Store count reflects all stores open at the end of a reporting period. In connection with opening new stores, we incur pre-opening costs, which primarily consist of payroll, travel, training, marketing, initial opening supplies, costs of transporting initial inventory and fixtures to store locations, and occupancy costs incurred from the time of possession of a store site to the opening of that store. These pre-opening costs are included in our selling, general and administrative expenses and are expensed as incurred. 
 Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental measure of our operating performance that is neither required by, nor presented in accordance with GAAP and our calculation thereof may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA represents GAAP net income (loss) plus interest expense less interest income, net of other expense (income), plus provision for less (benefit from) income taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA ), and share-based compensation, non-cash deductions and charges and other expenses. We believe Adjusted EBITDA facilitates operating performance comparisons from period to period by isolating the effects of certain items that vary from period to period without any correlation to ongoing operating performance. We also use Adjusted EBITDA as one of the primary methods for planning and forecasting the overall expected performance of our business and for evaluating on a quarterly and annual basis actual results against such expectations. Further, we recognize Adjusted EBITDA as a commonly used measure in determining business value and, as such, use it internally to report and analyze our results and as a benchmark to determine certain non-equity incentive payments made to executives. 
 Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool. This measure is not a measurement of our financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to or substitute for net income (loss), income (loss) from operations or any other performance measures determined in accordance with GAAP or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. Among other limitations, Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect: 
 
 interest expense; 
 other income, net of other expense; 
 provision for (benefit from) income taxes; 
 depreciation and amortization; 
 share-based compensation; 
 non-cash deductions and charges; and 
 other expenses. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe that our performance and future success depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in the section titled Risk Factors. 
 Customer Acquisition and Retention. Our success is impacted not only by efficient and profitable customer acquisition, but also by our ability to retain customers and encourage repeat purchases. It is important to maintain reasonable costs for these marketing efforts relative to the net sales and profit we expect to derive from customers. Failure to effectively attract customers on a cost-efficient basis would adversely impact our profitability and operating results. New requirements for consumer disclosures regarding privacy practices, and new application tracking transparency framework that requires opt-in consent for certain types of tracking were implemented by third party providers in 2021, which has increased the difficulty and cost of acquiring and retaining customers. These changes may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Customer Migration from Single to Omni-channel. We have a history of converting customers from single-channel customers to omni-channel customers, defined as active customers who shopped both online and in-store within the last twelve months. Customers that shop across multiple channels purchase from us more frequently and spent approximately 3.5 times more per year than our single-channel customer during fiscal year 2023. 
 Overall Economic Trends. Our results of operations during any given period are often impacted by the overall economic conditions in the markets in which we operate. Consumer purchases of clothing generally remain constant or may increase during stable economic periods and decline during recessionary periods, inflationary periods and other periods when disposable income is adversely affected. Recent historic high rates of inflation have led to a softening of consumer demand. We have 
 25 

encountered inflation on our wages, transportation and product costs, and a material increase in these costs without any meaningful offsetting price increases may reduce our future profits. 
 Demographic Changes. The growth of our business is impacted, in part, by the size of the plus-size population. Slower or negative growth in this demographic, specific to certain geographic markets, income levels or overall, could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Growth in Brand Awareness. We intend to continue investing in our brand, with a specific focus on growing brand awareness, customer engagement, and conversion through targeted investments in performance and brand marketing. We have made significant historical investments to strengthen the Torrid brand through our marketing efforts, brand partnerships, events and expansion of our social media presence. If we fail to cost-effectively promote our brand or convert impressions into new customers, our net sales growth and profitability may be adversely affected. 
 Inventory Management. Our strategy is built around a base of core products that provide our customer with year-round style. At the same time, we introduce new lines of merchandise approximately 16 times per year, thus providing a consistent flow of fresh merchandise to keep our customer engaged, encourage repeat business and attract new customers. We employ a data-driven approach to design and product development, proactively and quickly incorporating sales and operational performance information alongside customer feedback from thousands of product reviews. We engage in ongoing dialogue with customers through social media and customer surveys. Although we intend to continue to tightly manage our inventory levels, shifts in these levels may result in fluctuations in the amount of regular price sales, markdowns, and merchandise mix, as well as gross margin. 
 Investments. We have invested significantly to strengthen our business, including augmenting leadership across our organization and enhancing our infrastructure and technology in order to realize growth. We anticipate that our operating expenses will grow as we continue to increase our spending on advertising and marketing and hire additional personnel primarily in marketing, product design and development, merchandising, technology, operations, customer service and general and administrative functions. We are strategically working to expand and rebalance our store footprint, aiming for an optimal split between malls and outdoor centers. We will also continue to make investments to improve the customer experience both in-store and online. We believe that such investments will increase the number and loyalty of our customers and, as a result, yield positive financial performance in the long term. 
 Seasonality. While seasonality frequently impacts businesses in the retail sector, our business is generally not seasonal. Accordingly, our net sales do not fluctuate as significantly as those of other brands and retailers from quarter to quarter and any modest seasonal effect does not significantly change the underlying trends in our business. Additionally, we do not generate an outsized share of our net sales or Adjusted EBITDA during the holiday season. Typically, our Adjusted EBITDA generation is strongest in the first half of the year as we benefit from more favorable merchandise margins, lower advertising and lower shipping expenses relative to the second half of the year. The lack of net sales seasonality provides structural cost advantages relative to peers, including reduced staffing cyclicality and seasonal distribution capacity needs. 
 Impact of Infectious Disease Outbreaks. Infectious disease outbreaks may cause general business disruption worldwide which could directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. This could have a negative impact on our business including, but not limited to, closure requirements with respect to some or all of our physical locations, changes in consumer behavior, difficulties attracting and retaining employees and supply chain disruptions. 
 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Net Sales. Net sales reflects our revenues from the sale of our merchandise, shipping and handling revenue received from e-Commerce sales, PLCC Funds and gift card breakage income, less returns, discounts and loyalty points/awards. Revenue from our stores is recognized at the time of sale and revenue from our e-Commerce channel is recognized upon shipment of the merchandise to the customer; except in cases where the merchandise is shipped to a store and revenue is recognized when the customer retrieves the merchandise from the store. Net sales are impacted by the size of our active customer base, product assortment and availability, marketing and promotional activities and the spending habits of our customers. Net sales are also impacted by the migration of single-channel customers (i.e., customers shopping only in-store or online) to omni-channel customers (i.e., customers shopping both in-store and online), who on average spend significantly more than single-channel customers in a given year. 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit is equal to our net sales less cost of goods sold. Our cost of goods sold includes merchandise costs, freight, inventory shrinkage, payroll expenses associated with the merchandising department, distribution center expenses and store occupancy expenses, including rent, common area maintenance charges, real estate taxes and depreciation. 
 26 

Merchandising payroll costs and store occupancy costs included within cost of goods sold are largely fixed and do not necessarily increase as volume increases. We review our inventory levels on an ongoing basis in order to identify slow-moving merchandise and generally use markdowns to clear that merchandise. The timing and level of markdowns are driven primarily by customer acceptance of our merchandise. The primary drivers of our merchandise costs include the raw materials, labor in the countries where we source our merchandise, customs duties, and logistics costs. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses include all operating costs not included in cost of goods sold or marketing expenses. 
 Marketing Expenses. We continue to make investments in marketing in an effort to grow and retain our active customer base and increase our brand awareness. Marketing expenses consist primarily of (i) targeted online performance marketing costs, such as retargeting, paid search/product listing advertising, and social media advertisements, (ii) store and brand marketing, public relations and photographic production designed to acquire, retain and remain connected to customers and (iii) payroll and benefits expenses associated with our marketing team. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense consists primarily of interest expense and other fees associated with our ABL Facility, as amended, and our Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement. 
 Provision for Income Taxes. Our provision for income taxes consists of an estimate of federal and state income taxes based on enacted federal and state tax rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions and uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended November 2, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended October 28, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended November 2, 2024 of Net Sales October 28, 2023 of Net Sales Net sales 
 263,766 100.0 275,408 100.0 Cost of goods sold 168,609 63.9 183,906 66.8 Gross profit 95,157 36.1 91,502 33.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 74,899 28.5 71,881 26.1 Marketing expenses 13,056 4.9 12,739 4.6 Income from operations 7,202 2.7 6,882 2.5 Interest expense 8,784 3.3 9,757 3.5 Other income, net of other expense (362) (0.1) 267 0.1 Loss before benefit from income taxes (1,220) (0.5) (3,142) (1.1) Benefit from income taxes (26) (394) (0.1) Net loss (1,194) (0.5) (2,748) (1.0) 

27 

The following table provides a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net loss 
 (1,194) (2,748) Interest expense 8,784 9,757 Other income, net of other expense (362) 267 Benefit from income taxes (26) (394) Depreciation and amortization (A) 
 8,523 8,785 Share-based compensation (B) 
 685 1,585 Non-cash deductions and charges (C) 
 112 409 Other expenses (D) 
 3,062 1,718 Adjusted EBITDA 19,584 19,379 
 
 (A) Depreciation and amortization excludes amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount that are reflected in interest expense. 
 (B) During the three months ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, share-based compensation includes (0.3) million and 0.1 million, respectively, for awards that will be settled in cash as they are accounted for as share-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , similar to awards settled in shares. 
 (C) Non-cash deductions and charges includes non-cash losses on property and equipment disposals and the net impact of non-cash rent expense. 
 (D) Other expenses include certain transaction and litigation fees (including certain settlement costs) and severance costs for certain key management positions. 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales decreased 11.6 million, or 4.2 , to 263.8 million for the three months ended November 2, 2024, from 275.4 million for the three months ended October 28, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in sales transaction values and a decrease in PLCC Funds, partially offset by improved pricing strategies. The total number of stores we operate increased by 12 stores, or 1.9 , to 655 stores as of November 2, 2024, from 643 stores as of October 28, 2023. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the three months ended November 2, 2024 increased 3.7 million, or 4.0 , to 95.2 million, from 91.5 million for the three months ended October 28, 2023. This increase was primarily due to reduced product costs and an increase in sales of regular-priced products, partially offset by decreased net sales. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased 2.9 to 36.1 for the three months ended November 2, 2024 from 33.2 for the three months ended October 28, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by reduced product costs and an increase in sales of regular-priced products, partially offset by decreased net sales. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended November 2, 2024 increased 3.0 million, or 4.2 , to 74.9 million, from 71.9 million for the three months ended October 28, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 3.4 million increase in performance bonuses, a 1.9 million increase in legal expense, and a 1.3 million increase in headquarters general and administrative expenses. These increases were partially offset by a 1.7 million decrease in store payroll costs and a 0.9 million decrease in share-based compensation expense. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 2.4 to 28.5 for the three months ended November 2, 2024 from 26.1 for the three months ended October 28, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by increased performance bonuses, legal expenses, and headquarters general and administrative expenses, partially offset by a decrease in share-based compensation expense. 
 Marketing Expenses 
 Marketing expenses for the three months ended November 2, 2024 increased 0.3 million, or 2.5 , to 13.1 million, from 12.7 million for the three months ended October 28, 2023. Marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 0.3 to 4.9 during the three months ended November 2, 2024 from 4.6 during the three months ended October 28, 2023. The increase in both marketing expenses and marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily driven by an 
 28 

increase in social media spend, photography and SMS marketing, partially offset by decreased spend on email marketing and comparison shopping engines. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 8.8 million for the three months ended November 2, 2024, compared to 9.8 million for the three months ended October 28, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a lower Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement balance due to principal payments and reduced borrowings under the ABL Facility, as amended. 
 Benefit from Income Taxes 
 The benefit from income taxes for the three months ended November 2, 2024, was not material and there was a benefit from income taxes of 0.4 million for the three months ended October 28, 2023. Our effective tax rate was 2.1 for the three months ended November 2, 2024 and 12.5 for the three months ended October 28, 2023. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three months ended November 2, 2024 as compared to the three months ended October 28, 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in the loss before benefit from income taxes during the three months ended November 2, 2024 as compared to the three months ended October 28, 2023. 
 Nine Months Ended November 2, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended October 28, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended November 2, 2024 of Net Sales October 28, 2023 of Net Sales Net sales 828,175 100.0 858,406 100.0 Cost of goods sold 507,339 61.3 553,585 64.5 Gross profit 320,836 38.7 304,821 35.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 228,203 27.5 212,700 24.8 Marketing expenses 38,875 4.7 38,988 4.5 Income from operations 53,758 6.5 53,133 6.2 Interest expense 27,303 3.3 28,831 3.4 Other income, net of other expense (376) 0.0 238 0.0 Income before provision for income taxes 26,831 3.2 24,064 2.8 Provision for income taxes 7,525 0.9 8,375 1.0 Net income 19,306 2.3 15,689 1.8 

29 

The following table provides a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net income 
 19,306 15,689 Interest expense 27,303 28,831 Other income, net of other expense (376) 238 Provision for income taxes 
 7,525 8,375 Depreciation and amortization (A) 
 26,704 27,103 Share-based compensation (B) 
 4,531 5,981 Non-cash deductions and charges (C) 
 179 354 Other expenses (D) 
 7,231 3,220 Adjusted EBITDA 92,403 89,791 
 
 (A) Depreciation and amortization excludes amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount that are reflected in interest expense. 
 (B) During the nine months ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, share-based compensation includes 1.2 million and 0.4 million, respectively, for awards that will be settled in cash as they are accounted for as share-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , similar to awards settled in shares. 
 (C) Non-cash deductions and charges includes non-cash losses on property and equipment disposals and the net impact of non-cash rent expense. 
 (D) Other expenses include certain transaction and litigation fees (including certain settlement costs), severance costs for certain key management positions and the reimbursement of certain management expenses, primarily for travel, incurred by Sycamore on our behalf, which are not considered to be part of our core business. 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales decreased 30.2 million, or 3.5 , to 828.2 million for the nine months ended November 2, 2024, from 858.4 million for the nine months ended October 28, 2023. This decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in sales transaction values, partially offset by improved pricing strategies. The total number of stores we operate increased by 12 stores, or 1.9 , to 655 stores as of November 2, 2024, from 643 stores as of October 28, 2023. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 increased 16.0 million, or 5.3 , to 320.8 million, from 304.8 million for the nine months ended October 28, 2023. This increase was primarily due to reduced product costs, merchandising payroll costs, store occupancy costs and distribution costs, partially offset by decreased net sales. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased 3.2 to 38.7 for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 from 35.5 for the nine months ended October 28, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by a decrease in product costs, partially offset by decreased net sales. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 increased 15.5 million, or 7.3 , to 228.2 million, from 212.7 million for the nine months ended October 28, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 10.1 million increase in performance bonuses, an 8.2 million increase in headquarters general and administrative expenses, and a 1.9 million increase in legal expense. This increase was partially offset by a 3.8 million decrease in store payroll costs and a 1.4 million decrease in shared-based compensation. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 2.7 to 27.5 for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 from 24.8 for the nine months ended October 28, 2023. This increase was primarily driven by increased performance bonuses and headquarters general and administrative expenses. 
 Marketing Expenses 
 Marketing expenses for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 decreased 0.1 million, or 0.3 , to 38.9 million, from 39.0 million for the nine months ended October 28, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to decreased spend on store and brand marketing, comparison shopping engines, retargeting, photography, email/SMS marketing, and marketing team payroll, partially offset by expenses associated with our model search campaign, and an increase in social media spend. Marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 0.2 to 4.7 during the nine months ended November 2, 2024 from 4.5 
 30 

during the nine months ended October 28, 2023. The increase was primarily driven by a deleverage of our marketing expenses as a result of lower net sales. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 27.3 million for the nine months ended November 2, 2024, compared to 28.8 million for the nine months ended October 28, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a lower Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement balance due to principal payments and reduced borrowings under the ABL Facility, as amended. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes were 7.5 million and 8.4 million for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 and October 28, 2023, respectively. Our effective tax rate was 28.0 for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 and 34.8 for the nine months ended October 28, 2023. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended November 2, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended October 28, 2023 was primarily due to a decrease in the amount of non-deductible compensation for covered employees relative to income before provision for income taxes for the nine months ended November 2, 2024. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 General 
 Our business relies on cash flows from operations as our primary source of liquidity. We do, however, have access to additional liquidity, if needed, through borrowings under our ABL Facility, as amended. Availability under the ABL Facility, as amended, as of the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, was 107.8 million, which reflects no borrowings. Our primary cash needs are for merchandise inventories, payroll, rent for our stores, headquarters and distribution center, capital expenditures associated with opening new stores and updating existing stores, logistics and information technology. We also need cash to fund our interest and principal payments on the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement, and make discretionary repurchases of our common stock. The most significant components of our working capital are cash and cash equivalents, merchandise inventories, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued and other current liabilities and operating lease liabilities. We believe that cash generated from operations and the availability of borrowings under our ABL Facility, as amended, or other financing arrangements will be sufficient to meet working capital requirements and anticipated capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. There can be no assurance, however, that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available under our ABL Facility, as amended, or otherwise to enable us to service our indebtedness, or to make capital expenditures in the future. Our future operating performance and our ability to service or extend our indebtedness will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
 July 2023 Reduction in Workforce 
 In July 2023, we implemented a strategic reduction of approximately 5 of our workforce employed in our headquarters in City of Industry, California. Costs to implement the workforce reduction were comprised primarily of severance payments and continuing health care coverage over the severance period. In July 2023, we recognized 1.5 million of expense related to the workforce reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses in our condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or are party to a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Cash Flow Analysis 
 A summary of operating, investing and financing activities are shown in the following table (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended November 2, 2024 October 28, 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 65,366 33,730 Net cash used in investing activities (12,617) (15,228) Net cash used in financing activities (20,366) (16,334) 
 31 

Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 
 Operating activities consist primarily of net income adjusted for non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization and share-based compensation, the effect of working capital changes and taxes paid. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended November 2, 2024 was 65.4 million compared to 33.7 million during the nine months ended October 28, 2023. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended November 2, 2024 was primarily as a result of increases in net income, accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, partially offset by a larger increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets compared to the nine months ended October 28, 2023. 
 Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 
 Typical investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures for growth (new store openings, relocations and major remodels), store maintenance (minor store remodels and investments in store fixtures), and infrastructure to support the business related primarily to information technology, our headquarters facility and our West Jefferson, Ohio distribution center. 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities during the nine months ended November 2, 2024 was 12.6 million, compared to 15.2 million during the nine months ended October 28, 2023. The decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily as a result of decreased capital expenditures related to the opening of new stores and store relocations and a decrease in capital expenditures in our West Jefferson, Ohio distribution center, partially offset by an increase in store maintenance costs during the nine months ended November 2, 2024, compared to the nine months ended October 28, 2023. 
 Net Cash Used In Financing Activities 
 Financing activities consist primarily of (i) borrowings and repayments related to our ABL Facility, as amended, (ii) borrowings and repayments related to the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement and (iii) repurchases and retirement of our common stock. 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended November 2, 2024 was 20.4 million compared to 16.3 million during the nine months ended October 28, 2023. The increase in net cash used in financing activities was primarily due to an increase in net repayments related to the ABL Facility, as amended. 
 Debt Financing Arrangements 
 As of November 2, 2024, we had 292.6 million of outstanding indebtedness, net of unamortized original issue discount and debt financing costs, consisting of term loans under the Amended Term Loan Credit Agreement. As of November 2, 2024, we had no borrowings under the ABL Facility, as amended. Please refer to Note 12 Debt Financing Arrangements for further discussion regarding our indebtedness. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our market risk profile as of February 3, 2024 is disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and has not materially changed. Please refer to Note 12 Debt Financing Arrangements for further discussion regarding our indebtedness. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We, under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of November 2, 2024, to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and 
 32 

forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes during the three months ended November 2, 2024 in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 33 

Part II - Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are subject to certain legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We are not presently party to any legal proceedings the resolution of which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. We establish reserves for specific legal matters when we determine that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable and the loss is reasonably estimable. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2024. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 On December 6, 2021, our Board authorized a share repurchase program under which we may purchase up to 100.0 million of our outstanding common stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time, depending upon a variety of factors, including share price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other market and business conditions, as determined by us. We may purchase shares of our common stock in the open market at current market prices at the time of purchase, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means. The authorization does not, however, obligate us to acquire any particular amount of shares, and the share repurchase program may be suspended or terminated at any time at our discretion. During the three months ended November 2, 2024, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. As of November 2, 2024, we had approximately 44.9 million remaining under the share repurchase program. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 None. 
 34 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Description Incorporated by Reference Form Filing Date Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Torrid Holdings Inc., dated July 6, 2021. 
 8-K July 6, 2021 3.1 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Torrid Holdings Inc. 
 10-K March 28, 2023 3.2 10.1+ 
 Separation Agreement and Release by and among Torrid Holdings Inc., T orrid Administration, Inc., Torrid LLC and Elizabeth Munoz Guzman, dated October 4, 2024. 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Interactive Data Files (formatted in Inline XBRL) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data Files (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) 
 
 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 
 35 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in City of Industry, California on December 11, 2024. 

Torrid Holdings Inc. By: /s/ Lisa Harper Name: Lisa Harper Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Paula Dempsey Name: Paula Dempsey Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 36 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101_munozagreementxfin.htm
 EX-10.1

ex101_munozagreementxfin 

10/4/2024 

October 4, 2024 October 4, 2024October 4, 2024 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 q32024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Lisa Harper, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Torrid Holdings Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 December 11, 2024 
 By 
 s Lisa Harper 
 Lisa Harper 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

2 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 q32024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Paula Dempsey, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Torrid Holdings Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 December 11, 2024 
 By 
 s Paula Dempsey 
 Paula Dempsey 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

2 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 q32024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Quarterly Report of Torrid Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended November 2, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lisa Harper, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 December 11, 2024 
 By 
 s Lisa Harper 
 Lisa Harper 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 q32024exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Quarterly Report of Torrid Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended November 2, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paula Dempsey, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 December 11, 2024 
 By 
 s Paula Dempsey 
 Paula Dempsey 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 thi-20241102.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 thi-20241102_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 thi-20241102_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 thi-20241102_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 thi-20241102_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

