<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241209_10-Q_edgar_data_751365_0001628280-24-050392.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4376249</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76604</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>906780</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1300168</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1072494</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>947019</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-050392.hdr.sgml : 20241209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241209140322
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-050392
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIRCO MFG CORPORATION
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000751365
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PUBLIC BUILDING AND RELATED FURNITURE [2531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				951613718
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08777
		FILM NUMBER:		241534712

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2027 HARPERS WAY
		CITY:			TORRANCE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3105330474

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 44846
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90044

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-050392.txt : 20241209

10-Q
 1
 virc-20241031.htm
 10-Q

virc-20241031 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares outstanding for each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 Common Stock, .01 par value shares as of November 30, 2024. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets - October 31, 2024, January 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income - Three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income - Nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Unaudited condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income - Three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Unaudited condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income - Nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows - Nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Unaudited condensed consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity - Three months and Nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements - October 31, 2024 
 12 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 22 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 22 
 Part II. Other Information 
 24 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 24 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 24 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 24 
 Item 5. Other Information 25 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 25 

2 

PART I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 10/31/2024 1/31/2024 10/31/2023 (In thousands) Assets Current assets Cash Trade accounts receivables, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets Property, plant and equipment Land Land improvements Buildings and building improvements Machinery and equipment Leasehold improvements Total property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Net property, plant and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax assets, net Other assets, net Total assets 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 3 

Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 10/31/2024 1/31/2024 10/31/2023 (In thousands, except share and par value data) Liabilities Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued compensation and employee benefits Income tax payable Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liability Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current liabilities Accrued self-insurance retention Accrued pension expenses Income tax payable, less current portion Long-term debt, less current portion Operating lease liability, less current portion Other long-term liabilities Total non-current liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Notes 6, 7 and 13) shares, par value; issued or outstanding 
 Common stock: Authorized shares, par value; issued and outstanding shares at 10/31/2024, and at 1/31/2024 and 10/31/2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 Three months ended 10/31/2024 10/31/2023 (In thousands, except per share data) Net sales Costs of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Unrealized (gain) loss on investment in trust account ) Pension expense Interest (income) expense, net ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Cash dividends declared per common share: Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Nine months ended 10/31/2024 10/31/2023 (In thousands, except per share data) Net sales Costs of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Unrealized gain on investment in trust account ) ) Pension expense Interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Cash dividends declared per common share: Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: Basic Diluted 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Three months ended 10/31/2024 10/31/2023 (In thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income: Pension adjustments (net of tax adjustment of ) and at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 ) Net comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Nine months ended 10/31/2024 10/31/2023 (In thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income: Pension adjustments (net of tax adjustment of ) and at October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 ) Net comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Nine months ended 10/31/2024 10/31/2023 (In thousands) Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash lease expense (benefits) ) Provision for credit losses Amortization of debt issuance costs Deferred income taxes Stock-based compensation Defined pension plan settlement Amortization of net actuarial gain (loss) for pension plans ) Non-cash unrealized gain on investment ) ) Surrender of life insurance policies ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade accounts receivable ) ) Other receivables ) Inventories Income taxes Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) Purchases of marketable securities in trust accounts ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets Proceeds from sale of marketable securities in trust accounts Proceeds from surrendering life insurance policies Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Borrowing from long-term debt Repayment of long-term debt ) ) Common stock repurchased ) Tax withholding payments on share-based compensation ) ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) ) Cash dividends paid ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Property, plant and equipment acquired and not yet paid at end of period Cash paid during the period for interest, net of interest income Cash paid during the period for income taxes, net of refunds Noncash investment in right-of-use assets in exchange for a lease liability 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 
 Three-Month Period Ended October 31, 2024 Common Stock In thousands, except share data Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholder's Equity Balance at July 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Cash dividends ) ) Pension adjustments ) ) Shares vested and others ) ) Stock compensation expense Stock repurchase Balance at October 31, 2024 ) ) 
 Three-Month Period Ended October 31, 2023 Common Stock In thousands, except share data Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholder's Equity Balance at July 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Cash dividends Pension adjustments Shares vested and others Stock compensation expense Stock repurchase Balance at October 31, 2023 ) ) 
 
 Nine-Month Period Ended October 31, 2024 Common Stock In thousands, except share data Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholder's Equity Balance at January 31, 2024 ) ) Net income Cash dividends ) ) Pension adjustments ) ) Shares vested and others ) ) Stock compensation expense Stock repurchase ) ) ) ) Balance at October 31, 2024 ) ) 

10 

Nine-Month Period Ended October 31, 2023 Common Stock In thousands, except share data Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholder's Equity Balance at January 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Cash dividends Pension adjustments Shares vested and others ) ) Stock compensation expense Stock repurchase Balance at October 31, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

VIRCO MFG. CORPORATION 
 Notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 October 31, 2024 
 
 Note 1. 

Note 2. 
 
 of the Company s total sales typically occurring from June to August each year, the Company s peak season. Hence, the Company typically builds and carries significant amounts of inventory during and in anticipation of this peak summer season to facilitate the rapid delivery requirements of customers in the educational market. This requires a large up-front investment in inventory, labor, storage and related costs as inventory is built in anticipation of peak sales during the summer months. As the capital required for this build-up generally exceeds cash available from operations, the Company has generally relied on third-party bank financing to meet cash flow requirements during the build-up period immediately preceding the peak season. In addition, the Company typically is faced with an overall higher accounts receivable balance during the peak season. This occurs for two primary reasons. First, accounts receivable balances typically increase during the peak season as shipments of products increase. Second, many customers during this period are educational institutions and government entities, which tend to pay accounts receivable slower than commercial customers. 

Note 3. 
 
 12 

Note 4. 

Note 5. 
 
 13 

Work in process Raw materials Total inventories 

Note 6. 
 
 Short-term lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) ) Variable lease cost Total lease cost Other operating leases information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities (a) Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 14 

2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Remaining balance of lease payments Short-term lease liabilities Long-term lease liabilities Total lease liabilities Difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows 
 
 (a) On July 23, 2024, the Company entered into a new lease agreement (the Lease with Starboard Distribution Center, LLC which extends the Company s tenancy at its sq. ft. office, manufacturing and warehouse facility in Torrance, California. The Lease extends the tenancy for months, covering the period from May 1, 2025 through September 30, 2030. Under the Lease, the monthly base rent will be abated for the initial period from May 1, 2025 to September 30, 2025, then is set at for October 1, 2025 through April 30, 2026, with subsequent increases of every 12 months thereafter. The Lease also provides for a tenant improvement allowance of up to million to be used by December 31, 2026. The Landlord has the right to terminate the Lease upon customary events of default. In connection with this lease agreement, in the second quarter ended July 31, 2024, the Company recorded approximately million (the present value of the future lease commitments) as an operating lease liability, and a corresponding ROU asset. 

Note 7. 
 
 Other Total debt Less current portion Non-current portion 
 
 The Company and Virco Inc., its wholly-owned subsidiary (collectively, the Borrowers have a Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the Credit Agreement with PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and lender PNC ). The Credit Agreement was amended numerous times since its origination in December 2011, most recently on November 22, 2024. 
 
 The Credit Agreement as currently in effect permits the Company to issue cash dividends or make payments with respect to the Company s capital stock in an aggregate amount up to million during any fiscal year, provided that no default shall have occurred or is continuing or would result from any such payment, and the Company must demonstrate pro forma compliance with a 12-month trailing fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than :1.00 as of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the date of any such dividend or payment. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to maintain a minimum fixed charge 
 15 

million (increasing to million during the months of June 
 through August 2024) that is subject to a borrowing base limitation and generally provides for advances of up to of eligible accounts receivable, plus a percentage equal to the lesser of of the value of eligible inventory or of the liquidation value of eligible inventory, plus million from January through July of each year, minus undrawn amounts of letters of credit and reserves; (ii) inventory sublimit of million and assemble-to-ship (ATS) inventory sublimit of million during the months of May through August 2024; and (iii) an equipment loan of million. The Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all of the Borrowers personal property and certain of the Borrowers real property. The Credit Agreement is subject to certain prepayment penalties upon early termination of the Credit Agreement. Prior to the maturity date, principal amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement may be repaid and reborrowed at the option of the Borrowers without premium or penalty, subject to borrowing base limitations, seasonal adjustments and certain other conditions, including reduced borrowings under the revolving line to less than or equal million for a period of consecutive days during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. The Credit Agreement also contains certain financial covenants, including covenants requiring a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and limits on capital expenditures. The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants as of October 31, 2024. 
 
 The Company's revolving line of credit with PNC is structured to provide seasonal credit availability during the Company's peak summer season. Approximately million was available for borrowing as of October 31, 2024. The interest rate is determined as a sum of the applicable margin rate, which is from January through July and from August through December, plus the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). The Company did not have an outstanding amount under the Credit Agreement as of October 31, 2024. The Company also incurred a fee on the unused portion of the revolving line of credit at a rate of through September 30, 2024 and thereafter. 
 
 On November 22, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement Amendment No. 5 with PNC, with an effective date of October 1, 2024. Amendment No. 5 amended the Credit Agreement and the secured revolving line of credit provided to the Company by PNC to reflect the following material changes: 
 
 i. Reduced the facility fee on the unused portion of the revolving line of credit to from per annum, commencing October 1, 2024; 
 ii. Increased limits on permitted acquisitions (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from million to million during the term of the Credit Agreement; 
 iii. Increased limits on cash dividends and common stock repurchase payments from million to million in the aggregate during any fiscal year. 
 
 The Company also carries a mortgage on its manufacturing building in Conway, Arkansas. The original note was dated August 2017 with a principal balance of million, at a fixed rate of per year and -year term. The outstanding amount under this note was million as of October 31, 2024. 
 
 On April 29, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement ("Amendment No. 4") with PNC. Amendment No.4 amended the Credit Agreement to reflect the following material changes: 
 
 i. Maximum size of the PNC line of credit was lowered from million to million during the months of June through August, and 
 
 ii. Maximum amount allowed for the Company to issue dividends or repurchase stock has been increased from million to million in the aggregate during any fiscal year. 
 
 16 

per year. 

Note 8. 
 
 , and as of October 31, 2024, January 31, 2024 and October 31, 2023, respectively, are needed for federal deferred tax assets and certain state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The net change in the valuation allowance for the three months and nine months ended October 31, 2024 was and a decrease of , respectively. The net change in the valuation allowance for the three months and nine months ended October 31, 2023 was a decrease of and a decrease of , respectively. 
 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the effective income tax rates were and , respectively. For the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the effective income tax rates were and , respectively. Our effective tax rate varies from the 21 federal statutory rate primarily due to state taxes. 

Note 9. 
 
 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic Dilutive effect of common stock equivalents from equity incentive plans Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted Net income per share - basic Net income per share - diluted 

Note 10. 
 
 shares to its employees and non-employee directors in the form of restricted stock units, restricted stock awards and stock options. Restricted stock units and awards granted under the 2019 Plan are expensed ratably over the vesting period of the units and awards. The Company determines the fair value of its restricted stock units or awards and related compensation expense as the difference between the market value of the units or awards on the date of grant less the exercise price of the units or awards granted. During the nine-month period ended October 31, 2024, the Company granted awards, vested 
 17 

shares according to their terms and forfeited shares under the 2019 Plan. As of October 31, 2024, there were approximately shares available for future issuance under the 2019 Plan. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses Total stock-based compensation expense 
 As of October 31, 2024, there was of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units and/or awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . 

Note 11. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Plan settlement Amortization of prior service cost Recognized net actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Benefit cost 
 
 401(k) Retirement Plan 
 
 The Company s retirement plan, which covers all U.S. employees, allows participants to defer from to of their eligible compensation through a 401(k) retirement program. The plan includes Virco stock as one of the investment options. At October 31, 2024 and 2023, the plan held shares and shares of Virco stock, respectively. For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the compensation costs incurred for employer match, which is paid in the form of Company stock, was and respectively. For the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the compensation costs incurred for employer match, which is paid in the form of Company stock, was and respectively. 
 
 18 

Note 12. 
 
 . The Company s warranty is not a guarantee of service life, which depends upon events outside the Company s control and may be different from the warranty period. The Company accrues an estimate of its exposure to warranty claims based upon both product sales data and an analysis of actual warranty claims incurred. 
 
 Provision Costs incurred ) ) ) ) Ending balance 

Note 13. 
 
 per occurrence, workers compensation liability losses up to per occurrence, general liability losses up to per occurrence and automobile liability losses up to per occurrence. The Company has purchased insurance to cover losses in excess of the self-insurance retention or deductible up to a limit of million. The Company has obtained an actuarial estimate of its total expected future losses for liability claims and recorded a liability equal to the net present value. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are defendants in various legal proceedings resulting from operations in the normal course of business. It is the opinion of management, in consultation with legal counsel, that the ultimate outcome of all such matters will not materially affect the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Note 14. 
 
 million and million, respectively, were included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 million and million, respectively, were included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

Note 15. 
 
 on each outstanding share of common stock. The dividend is payable on January 10, 2025 to stockholders of record of the common stock as of the close of business on December 20, 2024. While the Company currently intends to pay future dividends on a quarterly basis, following review and approval by the Board of Directors, the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amounts thereof, are subject to the discretion of the Board as well as restrictive covenants in the Company s lending agreements. There can be no assurance that the Company will declare and pay dividends in future periods. 
 19 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Results of Operations 
 
 Overview 
 
 The market for educational furniture is marked by extreme seasonality. Typically, the Company has a highly seasonal annual cycle where approximately 50 of sales occur in June, July and August. Orders received from customers follow a similar seasonal cycle, with the bulk of orders arriving approximately 4-6 weeks preceding the delivery season. 
 
 The Company has benefited from a large series of disaster recovery orders that were received at the end of the prior fiscal year and the first quarter of the current year. Collectively, these orders resulted in approximately 9 million of additional revenue that was recognized in the first quarter of the current year compared to the same quarter in the prior year. The new orders positively affected the Company s traditional seasonal cycle this fiscal year, with positive impacts on production, overhead absorption, accounts receivable, collections, and reductions in inventory, as well as lower borrowings to support that inventory. An additional 4 million and 6 million of disaster recovery orders were delivered in the second and third quarters of the current year, respectively, resulting in similar positive impacts. The Company believes that it will receive additional orders for this project in the fourth quarter, and that the project will be substantially complete by the end of the current fiscal year. The Company further believes that the timing and related positive impacts of this project are unusual and that more typical seasonal and financial patterns are likely to return after this project concludes. 
 
 With the exception of the disaster recovery project for the nine-month period ended October 31, 2024, management believes that the traditional seasonal cycle for school furniture and equipment has largely returned to its pre-pandemic summer peak. Management further believes that the Company s ability to service that seasonal cycle has returned to normal. During the three-month period ended October 31, 2024, the Company experienced approximately 13 decrease in orders compared to the same period last year. For the nine-month period ended October 31, 2024, the Company experienced approximately 2 increase in orders compared to the same period last year. 
 
 Due to improved delivery performance in the year ended January 31, 2024 compared to the same period last year, the Company began the current year with a sales order backlog that was approximately 10 million less than the same period last year. The combination of a smaller beginning backlog and more timely deliveries for the first nine months resulted in a reduced sales order backlog at October 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year, despite an increase in sales orders for the current year. Order backlog at October 31, 2024 declined to approximately 25.0 million compared to 42.6 million in the prior year. 
 
 The combination of materially improved profitability in the last six months of the prior year and first nine months of fiscal 2025 along with muted seasonality due to the project discussed above contributed to material changes in the Company s balance sheet at October 31, 2024 compared to the same period last year. As a result of after-tax profits earned during this period, the Company has approximately 22.1 million of additional stockholders equity on October 31, 2024 compared to the same date last year, including reductions in equity for cash dividends paid in each of the first three quarters and stock repurchases during the first quarter. Because the Company shipped a larger than typical portion of deliveries in the first quarter, the Company shipped inventory earlier in the year and did not have as much seasonal inventory at October 31, 2024 compared to the same period last year. Finally, because the year-to-date increase in revenue was primarily in the first quarter, and receivables were collected more efficiently in the second and third quarters, accounts receivable decreased by approximately 4.9 million compared to the same date last year. The combination of these events resulted in the Company having 38.9 million of cash and no borrowings under its line of credit on October 31, 2024 compared to cash of 4.9 million and borrowing of approximately 3.7 million under its line of credit at October 31, 2023. 
 
 The final material change in the balance sheet relates to a 5-year lease renewal for the Company s facility in Torrance, CA that was executed on July 23, 2024. This facility houses the Company s principal executive offices, and manufacturing and distribution for the western United States. This lease renewal resulted in an increase in ROU Assets of approximately 33.0 million and a related increase in long- and short-term lease liabilities of a comparable amount. 
 
 The Company does not typically deliver furniture to new schools until the customer has an occupancy certificate. Supply chain disruptions in the construction industry, which may delay the completion of new schools, did not significantly impact sales volume during the quarter ended October 31, 2024, despite portions of the United States experiencing hurricanes and other severe weather conditions. As a consequence of these tragic weather conditions, the Company may benefit from future orders as the schools are rebuilt. 
 20 

Recent elections and the shift in political power nationally may cause some uncertainty regarding future funding for school furniture, although Management estimates that more than 80 of school funding and virtually all new bond funded construction and refurbishment derive from state and local budgets, which are less dependent on federal funding sources. The two largest states for the Company s revenue are California and Florida. In addition, because the Company has maintained and invested in its domestic factories and experienced workforce, Management believes that the Company may be less vulnerable to current and potential future tariffs and supply chain disruptions than many other suppliers of education furniture, although the Company is sensitive to the price of steel and imports a number of raw materials and components from international suppliers, primarily China. 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 
 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, the Company earned net income of 8.4 million on sales of 82.6 million compared to net income of 10.2 million on sales of 84.3 million in the prior year. 
 
 Sales for the third quarter decreased by approximately 1.6 million or 1.9 compared to the same period prior year. The decrease was affected by the timing of shipments, as the Company delivered a larger than expected portion of sales orders in the first quarter ended April 30, 2024. 
 
 Gross margin for the third quarter ended October 31, 2024 was 44.4 compared to 45.4 in the prior year. The decrease in margin was attributable to slightly increased levels of overhead expense relative to sales. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended October 31, 2024 increased by approximately 2.1 million and increased to 30.9 of sales compared to 27.9 in the same period last year. The increase was attributable to increased freight and selling expenses. 
 
 Net interest income was 24,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to net interest expense of 765,000 for the same period last year. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in the amount borrowed in 2024 to finance seasonal working capital. 
 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the effective income tax rates were 25.5 and 24.5 , respectively. 
 
 Nine Months Ended October 31, 2024 
 
 For the nine-month period ended October 31, 2024 the Company earned net income of 27.4 million on sales of 237.8 million compared to net income of 24.3 million on sales of 226.5 million in the prior year. Sales increased by approximately 11.3 million or 5.0 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was attributable to an increase in volume and product mix. 
 
 Gross Margin for the first nine months ended October 31, 2024 was 45.1 compared to 44.1 in the prior year. The margin was affected by increased production levels combined with relatively stable costs for raw materials. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 increased by approximately 5.9 million and increased to 30.0 of sales compared to 28.9 in the same period last year . The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was attributable to increased variable selling and service expenses. 
 
 Net interest expense was 506,000 and 2,560,000 for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in the amount borrowed in 2024 to finance seasonal working capital. 
 
 For the nine months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, the effective income tax rates were 24.4 and 24.0 , respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The market for education furniture is extremely seasonal and approximately 50 of the Company's annual sales volume is shipped in the months of June through August of each year. The Company traditionally manufactures large quantities of inventory during the first and second quarters of each fiscal year in anticipation of seasonally high summer shipments. In addition, the Company finances a large balance of accounts receivable during the peak season. 
 
 21 

Accounts Receivable decreased by 4.9 million at October 31, 2024 compared to the same period last year. The decrease is attributable to earlier than normal shipments (as discussed above under Overview and improved collections. 
 
 Inventory decreased by 10.0 million at October 31, 2024 compared to October 31, 2023. The decrease is primarily attributable to increased shipments during the early part of the year and inventory management in response to the order backlog at October 31, 2024. 
 
 Accrual basis capital expenditures for the nine months ended October 31, 2024 were 5.4 million compared to 4.1 million for the same period last year. Capital expenditures are being financed through the Company's credit facility with PNC Bank and operating cash flow and restricted to not exceed 8.0 million per year by covenant. 
 
 Based on the Company s current projections, raw material costs and its ability to introduce price increases, management believes it will maintain compliance with its financial covenants under the Credit Agreement, although risks and uncertainties remain, such as changes in economic conditions, changing raw material costs and supply chain challenges. The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants as of October 31, 2024. 
 
 On November 22, 2024, the Company executed Amendment No. 5 to the Restated Credit Agreement, with an effective date of October 31, 2024. See Note 7 . 
 
 The Company believes that cash flows from operations, together with the Company's unused borrowing capacity with PNC Bank will be sufficient to fund the Company's debt service requirements, capital expenditures and working capital needs for the next twelve months. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 None. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 The Company's critical accounting policies are outlined in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 From time to time, including in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2024, the Company or its representatives have made and may make forward-looking statements, orally or in writing. Such forward-looking statements may be included in, without limitation, reports to stockholders, press releases, oral statements made with the approval of an authorized executive officer of the Company and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The words or phrases anticipates, expects, will continue, believes, estimates, projects, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The results contemplated by the Company's forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to vary materially from anticipated results, including without limitation, availability of funding for educational institutions, availability and cost of materials, availability and cost of labor, demand for the Company's products, competitive conditions affecting selling prices and margins, capital costs and general economic conditions. Such risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, including under the caption "Risk Factors". 
 
 The Company's forward-looking statements represent its judgment only on the dates such statements were made. By making any forward-looking statements, the Company assumes no duty to update them to reflect new, changed or unanticipated events or circumstances. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and is therefore not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 22 

The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including its Principal Executive Officer along with its Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act as of October 31, 2024. Based upon the foregoing, the Company's Principal Executive Officer along with the Company's Principal Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of such date were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in the Company s Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to Company management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, Company management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including its Principal Executive Officer along with its Principal Financial Officer , of the effectiveness of the design and operation of disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon the foregoing, the Company's Principal Executive Officer along with the Company's Principal Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 
 23 

PART II Other Information 
 
 Virco Mfg. Corporation 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The Company is a party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business which, in the opinion of the Company, are not material in that management either expects that the Company will be successful on the merits of the pending cases or that any liabilities resulting from such cases will be substantially covered by insurance. While it is impossible to estimate with certainty the ultimate legal and financial liability with respect to these actions, management believes that the aggregate amount of such liabilities will not be material to the results of operations, financial position, or cash flows of the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully consider and evaluate the information in this Quarterly Report and the risk factors set forth under the caption Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024 (the Form 10-K ), which was filed with the SEC on April 12, 2024. The risk factors associated with our business have not materially changed compared to the risk factors disclosed in the Form 10-K. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table provides the repurchases of our common stock during the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Maximum Number of Shares (or Approximate Dollar Value) that May Yet be Purchased Under the Programs (b) August 2024 3,501,551 September 2024 3,501,551 October 2024 3,501,551 Total (a) The average price paid per share includes any broker commissions. (b) On December 5, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 5.0 million of the Company's common stock, which repurchase program was publicly announced on December 8, 2023. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. Under the repurchase program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. The repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The actual dollar value of shares that may be repurchased in any fiscal year plus cash dividends during such fiscal year is limited to an aggregate of 5,000,000 under our Credit Agreement with PNC Bank, which amount was increased to 8,000,000 commencing November 22, 2024, as further discussed above under Note 7. Debt to our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 During the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Document 10.1 Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, effective as of November 22, 2024, by and among Virco Mfg. Corporation and Virco, Inc., as borrowers, and PNC Bank, National Association, as lender and administrative agent. 
 31.1 Certification of Robert A. Virtue, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Robert E. Dose, Vice President, Finance, pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Securities Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 
 Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 25 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 VIRCO MFG. CORPORATION Date: December 9, 2024 By: /s/ Robert E. Dose Robert E. Dose Vice President Finance (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 26 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101-pncxvircoamendm.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment is entered into as of November 22, 2024 by and among VIRCO MFG. CORPORATION , a Delaware corporation VMC ), VIRCO INC. , a Delaware corporation Virco , and together with VMC, Borrowers and, each individually, a Borrower ), the financial institutions from time to time party to the Credit Agreement (as defined below) as lenders (collectively, Lenders ), and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as administrative agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, Agent ), with respect to the following 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS , Borrowers, Lenders and Agent have previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS , Borrowers have requested that Lenders and Agent amend the Credit Agreement in certain respects, including without limitation to modify covenants relating to stock repurchases and dividend payments and unused line fees, which Lenders and Agent are willing to do on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in this Amendment. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual conditions and agreements set forth in the Credit Agreement, the Other Documents and this Amendment, and other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 AGREEMENTS 
 A. Definitions Incorporated . Initially capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby. 
 B. Recitals . The Recitals above are incorporated herein as though set forth in full and Borrowers stipulate to the accuracy of each of the Recitals. 
 C. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . The Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 1. Section 1.2 . Section 1.2 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows 
 a. To add the following new definitions in the proper alphabetical order 
 Amendment No. 5 shall mean that certain Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of November 22, 2024 among Borrowers, the Lenders party thereto and Agent. 

Amendment No. 5 Effective Date has the meaning specified for such term in Amendment No. 5. 
 b. To amend and restate in its entirety the definition of Permitted Acquisitions to read as follows 
 Permitted Acquisitions shall mean acquisitions of the assets or Equity Interests of another Person (the target so long as (a) at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, Borrowers have pro forma Availability (i.e., after giving effect to consummation of such acquisition and the sources of proceeds thereof) of not less than 25 of the then applicable Maximum Revolving Advance Availability (b) the total costs and liabilities (including without limitation, all assumed liabilities, all earn-out payments, deferred payments and the value of any other stock or assets transferred, assigned or encumbered with respect to such acquisitions) of any individual acquisition does not exceed 8,000,000 and of all such acquisitions do not exceed 8,000,000 in the aggregate throughout the Term (c) with respect to the acquisition of Equity Interests, such target shall (i) have a positive EBITDA and tangible net worth, calculated in accordance with GAAP immediately prior to such acquisition, (ii) be added as a Borrower to this Agreement and be jointly and severally liable for all Obligations, and (iii) grant to Agent a first priority lien in all assets of such target (d) the target or property is used or useful in the Borrowers Ordinary Course of Business (e) Agent shall have received a first-priority security interest in all acquired assets or Equity Interests, subject to documentation satisfactory to Agent (f) the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of the target shall have duly approved the transaction (g) Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent (i) a pro forma balance sheet and pro forma financial statements and a Compliance Certificate demonstrating that, upon giving effect to such acquisition on a pro forma basis, Borrowers would be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.5 as of the most recent fiscal quarter end and (ii) financial statements of the acquired entity for the two most recent fiscal years then ended, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent (h) if such acquisition includes general partnership interests or any other Equity Interest that does not have a corporate (or similar) limitation on liability of the owners thereof, then such acquisition shall be effected by having such Equity Interests acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly-owned by a Borrower and newly formed for the sole purpose of effecting such acquisition (i) no assets acquired in any such transaction(s) shall be included in the Formula Amount until Agent has received a field examination and or appraisal of such assets, in form and substance acceptable to Agent and (j) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or will occur after giving pro forma effect to such acquisition. For the purposes of calculating Availability under this definition, any assets being acquired in the proposed acquisition shall be included in the Formula Amount on the date of closing so long as Agent has received an audit or appraisal of such assets as set forth in clause (i) above and so long as such assets satisfy the applicable eligibility criteria. 
 2. Section 7.7(d) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 (d) subject to the proviso set forth below in this Section 7.7(d) , Borrowers may make Restricted Payments to any Person that owns an Equity Interest in any Borrower so 
 2 
 
 512397476 

long as (i) such Restricted Payments shall not exceed 8,000,000 in the aggregate during any fiscal year (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing, (iii) no Default or Event of Default shall result from any such Restricted Payment, and (iv) as of the date of the making of such Restricted Payment and after giving effect thereto, the Borrowers shall have a pro forma Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.20 1.00 for the most recent twelve-month period ending as of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the date of such Restricted Payment provided that (x) if any such Restricted Payment is to be made pursuant to a Share Repurchase Program (each, a Share Repurchase Payment ), Borrowers shall provide to Agent a Compliance Certificate at least ten (10) Business Days prior to making the first Share Repurchase Payment under such Share Repurchase Program, which Compliance Certificate shall reflect a pro forma Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.20 1.00 for the most recent twelve-month period ending as of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the date of such first Share Repurchase Payment, with such calculation assuming that the full amount of such Share Repurchase Program is paid as of the proposed first Share Repurchase Payment date, (y) with respect to any Cash Dividend to be made pursuant to this Section 7.7(d) , Borrowers shall provide to Agent a Compliance Certificate at least ten (10) Business Days prior to declaring the first Cash Dividend during any fiscal year, which Compliance Certificate shall reflect a pro forma Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.20 1.00 for the most recent twelve-month period ending as of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the declaration of such Cash Dividend (giving pro forma effect to such Cash Dividend as if it had been made on such date), and (z) with respect to any other Restricted Payment to be made pursuant to this Section 7.7(d) , Borrowers shall provide to Agent a Compliance Certificate at least ten (10) Business Days prior to making such Restricted Payment, which Compliance Certificate shall reflect a pro forma Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.20 1.00 for the most recent twelve-month period ending as of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the date of such Restricted Payment (giving pro forma effect to such Restricted Payment as if it had been made on such date) and 
 D. Conditions Precedent . The obligations of Agent and Lenders hereunder, and this Amendment, will be effective on the date (the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date of satisfaction of each of the following conditions precedent, each in a manner in form and substance acceptable to Agent 
 1. Amendment . Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent an executed original of this Amendment. 
 2. Amendment to Fee Letter . Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent an executed original of the Amendment to Fee Letter dated the date hereof, and shall have paid all fees in connection therewith. 
 3. Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties contained herein and in the Credit Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof as if made on the date hereof, except for such representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date, in which case each such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specific date 
 4. No Default . After giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and 
 3 
 
 512397476 

5. Other . All corporate and other proceedings, and all documents, instruments and other legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be satisfactory in form and substance to Agent and its counsel. 
 E. Representations and Warranties . To induce Lenders and Agent to enter into this Amendment, each Borrower represents and warrants to Lenders and Agent as of the date hereof as follows 
 1. Such Borrower has full power, authority and legal right to enter into this Amendment and to perform all its respective Obligations hereunder. This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by such Borrower and the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Borrower enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment (i) are within such Borrower s powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary company action, are not in contravention of law or the terms of such Borrower s by-laws, certificate of incorporation, or other applicable documents relating to such Borrower s formation or to the conduct of such Borrower s business or of any material agreement or undertaking to which such Borrower is a party or by which such Borrower is bound, (ii) will not conflict with or violate any law or regulation, or any judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or Governmental Body, (iii) will not require the Consent of any Governmental Body or any other Person, except those Consents which will have been duly obtained, made or compiled prior to date hereof and which are in full force and effect, and (iv) will not conflict with, nor result in any breach in any of the provisions of or constitute a default under or result in the creation of any Lien except Permitted Encumbrances upon any asset of such Borrower under the provisions of any material agreement, charter document, instrument, by-law or other instrument to which such Borrower is a party or by which it or its property is a party or by which it may be bound. 
 2. After giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects except to the extent any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, in which case each such representation and warranty is true and correct in all material respects as of such specific date, and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 F. Reaffirmation . Except as specifically modified by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the Other Documents remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms and are hereby ratified, reaffirmed and confirmed by Borrowers. 
 G. Events of Default . Any failure to comply with the terms of this Amendment will constitute an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement. 
 H. Integration . This Amendment, together with the Credit Agreement and the Other Documents, incorporates all negotiations of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and is the final expression and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 I. Severability . If any part of this Amendment is contrary to, prohibited by, or deemed invalid under Applicable Laws, such provision shall be inapplicable and deemed omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be given effect so far as possible. 
 4 
 
 512397476 

J. Submission of Amendment . The submission of this Amendment to the parties or their agents or attorneys for review or signature does not constitute a commitment by Agent or Lenders to amend or otherwise modify any of the provisions of the Credit Agreement and this Amendment shall have no binding force or effect until the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date. 
 K. Counterparts Facsimile Signatures . This Amendment may be executed in any number of and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, all of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature delivered by a party by facsimile or other similar form of electronic transmission (e.g., via .pdf) shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto. 
 L. Governing Law . This Amendment is an Other Document and is governed by the Applicable Law pertaining in the State of New York, other than those conflict of law provisions that would defer to the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This governing law election has been made by the parties in reliance on, among other things, Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, as amended (as and to the extent applicable), and other Applicable Law. 
 M. Successors and Assigns . This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrowers, Lenders, Agent, and all future holders of the Obligations and their respective successors and assigns, except that no Borrower may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Amendment without the prior written consent of Agent. 
 N. Attorneys Fees Costs . Borrowers agree to promptly pay, upon written demand, all reasonable and documented attorneys fees and costs incurred in connection with the negotiation, documentation and execution of this Amendment. If any legal action or proceeding shall be commenced at any time by any party to this Amendment in connection with its interpretation or enforcement, the prevailing party or parties in such action or proceeding shall be entitled to reimbursement of its reasonable attorneys fees and costs in connection therewith, in addition to all other relief to which the prevailing party or parties may be entitled. 
 O. Jury Waiver California Judicial Reference . WITHOUT LIMITING THE APPLICABILITY OF ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE TERMS OF ARTICLE XII OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION SECTION 12.3 REGARDING JURY TRIAL WAIVER AND CALIFORNIA JUDICIAL REFERENCE SHALL APPLY TO THIS AMENDMENT. 
 P. Total Agreement . This Amendment, the Credit Agreement, and the Other Documents contain the entire understanding among Borrowers, Lenders and Agent and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. Any promises, representations, warranties, or guarantees not herein contained and hereinafter made have no force and effect unless in writing, signed by Borrowers and Agent s respective officers. Neither this Amendment nor any portion or provisions hereof may be changed, modified, amended, waived, supplemented, discharged, cancelled, or terminated orally or by any course of dealing, or in any manner other than by an agreement in writing, signed by the party to be charged. Each Borrower acknowledges that it has been advised by counsel in connection with the execution of this Amendment and the Other Documents and is not relying upon oral representations or statements inconsistent with the terms and provisions of this Amendment. 
 signature pages follow 
 5 
 
 512397476 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 
 VIRCO MFG. CORPORATION , a Delaware corporation, as a Borrower 
 By s Bassey Yau 
 Name Bassey Yau 
 Title Vice President of Finance, Assistant Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 
 VIRCO INC. , a Delaware corporation, as a Borrower 
 By s Bassey Yau 
 Name Bassey Yau 
 Title Vice President of Finance, Assistant Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 Virco 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender and as Agent 
 By s Robin Van Meter 
 Name Robin Van Meter 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 Virco 

November 22, 2024 
 
 Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 2027 Harpers Ways 
 Torrance, California 90501 
 Attention Robert Dose and Bassey Yau 
 
 Virco Inc. 
 2027 Harpers Ways 
 Torrance, California 90501 
 Attention Robert Dose and Bassey Yau 
 
 Re Amended and Restated Fee Letter (as amended, restated, amended and restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Fee Letter provided in connection with the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2021, among VIRCO MFG. CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation, and VIRCO INC., a Delaware corporation (collectively Borrowers ), the financial institutions that are now or that hereafter become a party thereto (collectively, Lenders and PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as administrative agent for Lenders (PNC, in such capacity, Agent (as amended on the date hereof pursuant to Amendment No. 5 and as may be further amended, restated, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Initially capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 
 This letter agreement constitutes an amendment, effective as of the Amendment No. 5 Effective Date, of the fees under the Fee Letter that Borrowers have agreed to pay to Agent in connection with the Credit Agreement. 
 
 In connection with, and in consideration of, the agreements contained in the Credit Agreement and Amendment No. 5, Agent s continued services as agent, and Agent s participation in the credit facilities set forth in the Credit Agreement, Borrowers hereby agree to the following amendment to the Fee Letter 
 
 (i) Reduced Facility Fee . Section 2 of the Fee Letter is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 2. Facility Fee . If, for any day in each calendar quarter during the Term, the daily unpaid balance of the sum of Revolving Advances plus Swing Loans plus the Maximum Undrawn Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit (the Usage Amount does not equal the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount, then Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders holding the Revolving Commitments based on their Revolving Commitment Percentages, (a) for all periods prior to October 1, 2024, a fee at a rate equal to three eighths 
 #245165573 

of one percent (0.375 per annum , and (b) commencing as of October 1, 2024 and at all times thereafter, a fee at a rate equal to one-quarter of one percent (0.250 per annum, in each case, for each such day during the applicable period, the amount by which the Maximum Revolving Advance Amount on such day exceeds such Usage Amount (the Facility Fee ). Such Facility Fee shall be payable to Agent in arrears on the first Business Day of each calendar quarter with respect to each day in the previous calendar quarter (or portion thereof), and on the last day of the Term with respect to each day in the previous calendar quarter (or portion thereof) ending on such date, as applicable. 
 
 Except as amended hereby, the Fee Letter remains in full force and effect. 
 
 The fees and other consideration to be paid pursuant to the Fee Letter and this letter are confidential and shall not to be disclosed by any Borrower to any person or entity. By execution of this letter, Borrowers agree to pay or cause to be paid the fees to Agent as and when due as provided in the Fee Letter, as amended hereby. This letter may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which will be an original and all of which will constitute one and the same agreement. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 9 
 
 512398463 

Very truly yours, 
 
 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as Agent 

By s Robin Van Meter 
 Name Robin Van Meter 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to A&R Fee Letter Virco 

Accepted and agreed to as of the date first set forth above 
 
 VIRCO MFG. CORPORATION , 
 a Delaware corporation 

By s Bassey Yau 
 Name Bassey Yau 
 Title Vice President of Finance, Assistant Treasurer 
 and Assistant Secretary 

VIRCO INC. , 
 a Delaware corporation 

By s Bassey Yau 
 Name Bassey Yau 
 Title Vice President of Finance, Assistant Treasurer 
 and Assistant Secretary 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 5 to A&R Fee Letter Virco 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 virc-20241031xex311ng.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Robert A. Virtue, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Robert A. Virtue Robert A. Virtue Date December 9, 2024 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 virc-20241031xex312ng.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Robert E. Dose, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Virco Mfg. Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Robert E. Dose Robert E. Dose Date December 9, 2024 Vice President Finance, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 virc-20241031xex321ng.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Virco Mfg. Corporation (the Company ), for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his own knowledge 
 The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 The information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
 
 Date December 9, 2024 
 s Robert A. Virtue Robert A. Virtue Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) s Robert E. Dose Robert E. Dose Vice President Finance, Secretary and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Virco Mfg. Corporation and will be retained by Virco Mfg. Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 virc-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 virc-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 virc-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 virc-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 virc-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

