<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1826660_0001213900-24-098428.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5798976</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120601</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1342093</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1283234</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1382725</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1564457</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098428.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160854
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098428
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Wetouch Technology Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001826660
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER PERIPHERAL EQUIPMENT, NEC [3577]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				204080330
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41957
		FILM NUMBER:		241462125

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO.29, THE THIRD MAIN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SHIGAO TOWN, RENSHOU COUNTY
		CITY:			MEISHAN CITY, SICHUAN
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			620000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 861-7891

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O 500 FIFTH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 938
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098428.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0221068-10q_wetouch.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Quarterly Period Ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to __________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , Renshou County , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No 

As
of November 12, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued and
outstanding. 

WETOUCH TECHNOLOGY INC. 

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
Number 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 ii 
 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 F-1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 F-2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 F-3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 F-4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 2 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 13 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 13 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 15 
 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 17 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 17 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 17 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 17 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 18 

Signatures 
 19 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
may be preceded by, or contain, words such as may, will, expect, anticipate, intend, 
 plan, believe, estimate, predict, potential, might, 
 could, would, should or other words indicating future results, though not all forward-looking
statements necessarily contain these identifying words. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could
be deemed forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements about our future business operations and results, our
strategy and competition. These statements represent our current expectations or beliefs concerning various future events and involve
numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations, including, but not limited to: 

Our reliance on our top customers is significant. Failure to attract new customers or retain existing ones cost-effectively could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We hold a substantial amount of accounts receivable, which may become uncollectible. 

Dismissing BF Borgers may cause significant expenses or delays in financings or SEC filings, affecting our stock price and market access. 

You are unlikely to collect judgments or exercise remedies against BF Borgers for their work as our auditor. 

We face fines and penalties from the Chinese government for not completing required filings . 

Our capacity to uphold the quality and safety standards of our products. 

Our ability to compete effectively within the touchscreen display industry. 

Without substantial additional financing, our ability to execute our business plan will be compromised. 

Failure to secure a new parcel for constructing our new buildings and facilities, as well as acquiring and installing new production lines on the new parcel, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations . 

Unavailability of preferential tax treatments and government subsidies, or successful challenges to our tax liability calculation by PRC tax authorities, may necessitate payment of tax, interest, and penalties exceeding our tax provisions. 

Significant interruptions in the operations of our third-party suppliers could potentially disrupt our operations. 

Risks associated with fluctuations in the cost, availability, and quality of raw materials may adversely affect our results of operations. 

We are reliant on key executives and highly qualified managers, and retention cannot be assured. 

ii 

Absence of long-term contracts with our suppliers allows them to reduce order quantities or terminate sales to us at any time. 

Failure to adopt new technologies to evolving customer needs or emerging industry standards may materially and adversely affect our business. 

Lack of business liability or disruption insurance exposes us to significant costs and business disruption. 

Adverse regulatory developments in Mainland China may subject us to additional regulatory review, restrictions, disclosure requirements, and regulatory scrutiny by the SEC, increasing compliance costs and hindering future securities offerings. 

Our common stock may be prohibited from trading in the U.S. under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if PCAOB inspection of our auditor is incomplete, leading to delisting or prohibition and potential decline in stock value. 

Changes in China s economic, political, or social conditions or government policies may adversely affect our business and operations. 

Uncertainties regarding the PRC legal system, including enforcement and sudden changes in laws and regulations, could adversely affect us and limit legal protections. 

Fluctuations in exchange rates could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and your investment value. 

The other risks and uncertainties discussed under the section titled Risk Factors beginning on page 13 of this Quarterly Report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

The foregoing does not represent an exhaustive
list of matters that may be covered by the forward-looking statements contained herein or risk factors that we are faced with. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity, performance, or achievements. The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report relate only to events or information
as of the date of this Quarterly Report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to
reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

You should read this Quarterly Report with the
understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking statements
in the foregoing documents by these cautionary statements. 

iii 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

WETOUCH TECHNOLOGY INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 F-1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 F-2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 F-3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30,2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 F-4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-5 - F-21 

1 

WETOUCH TECHNOLOGY INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Currency expressed in United States
Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

September 30, 
 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Due to related parties 
 
 -

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Convertible promissory notes payable 
 -

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Common stock purchase warrants liability 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 13) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Statutory reserve 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 1 

WETOUCH TECHNOLOGY INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(Currency expressed in United States Dollars( US ),except
for number of shares) 

(Unaudited) 

Three-Month Period Ended 
 Nine-Month Period Ended 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 REVENUES 

COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Selling expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development expenses 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 

Interest income 

Interest expense 
 -

Other income 
 -
 
 -

-

Gain (loss)on changes in fair value of common stock purchase warrants liability 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (LOSS) 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 

NET INCOME 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 

Basic 

Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

WETOUCH TECHNOLOGY INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(Currency expressed in United States Dollars( US ),except
for number of shares) 

(Unaudited) 

Common stock at 
 Par value 0.001 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 Statutory 
 Retained 
 Accumulated 
 other 
 comprehensive 
 Total 
 stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 reserve 
 Earnings 
 loss 
 equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31 2022 

Shares issued to private placement 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Exercise of warrants issued to third parties in conjunction with debt issuance in 2021 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Fraction shares issued due to reverse stock split 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercise of warrants issued to third parties in conjunction with debt issuance in 2021 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Stock issuance for convertible promissory notes payable 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Net income 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Common stock at 
 Par value 0.001 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 Statutory 
 Retained 
 Accumulated 
 other 
 comprehensive 
 Total 
 stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 reserve 
 Earnings 
 loss 
 equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31 2023 

Issuance of common stock from the 2024 Public Offering, net of issuance costs 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Exercise of warrants issued in conjunction with legal/consultant services in 2020 and 2021 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercise of warrants issued to third parties in conjunction with debt issuance in 2021 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

WETOUCH TECHNOLOGY INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Currency expressed in United States Dollars( US ),except
for number of shares) 

(Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended September, 30 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Depreciation 

Amortization of discounts and issuance cost of the notes 

(Gain) loss on changes in fair value of common stock purchase warrants liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Amounts due from related parties 
 -

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Amounts due to related parties 
 -

Income tax payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activity 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activity 
 
 -

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issue costs 
 
 -

Proceeds from stock issuance of private placement 
 -

Proceeds from advances from related parties 
 
 -

Repayments of convertible promissory notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of changes of foreign exchange rates on cash 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Income tax paid 

Interest paid 
 
 -

Issue costs charged to additional paid-in capital 
 
 -

Exercise of warrant shares 
 
 -

Cashless stock issuance for convertible promissory notes payable 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

WETOUCH TECHNOLOGY INC. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

shares shares post-Reverse Stock Split) of the Company s common stock (the Reverse Merger ).
In the Reverse Merger, each ordinary share of BVI Wetouch was exchanged for shares shares post-Reverse Stock Split) of common
stock of Wetouch. Immediately after the closing of the Reverse Merger on October 9, 2020, the Company had a total of 
shares post-Reverse Stock Split) issued and outstanding shares of common stock. As a result of the Reverse Merger, BVI Wetouch became
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

BVI Wetouch is a holding
company whose only asset, held through a subsidiary, is of the registered capital of Sichuan Wetouch Technology Co., Ltd. Sichuan
Wetouch ), a limited liability company organized under the laws of the People s Republic of China China or
the PRC ). Sichuan Wetouch is primarily engaged in the business of research and development, manufacturing, and distribution
of touchscreen displays to customers both in the PRC and overseas. The touchscreen products, which are manufactured by the Company, are
primarily applied for use in financial terminals, automotive, Point of Sales, gaming, lottery, medical, Human-Machine Interface (HMI),
and other specialized industries. 

The Reverse Merger was
accounted for as a recapitalization effected by a share exchange, wherein BVI Wetouch is considered the acquirer for accounting and financial
reporting purposes. The assets and liabilities of BVI Wetouch have been brought forward at their book value and no goodwill has been recognized.
The number of shares, par value amount, and additional paid-in capital in the prior years are retrospectively adjusted accordingly. 

Through its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in the research, development, manufacturing, sales and servicing of medium to large sized projected
capacitive touchscreens. The Company specializes in large-format touchscreens, which are developed and designed for a wide variety of
markets and used in the financial terminals, automotive, Point of Sales, gaming, lottery, medical, Human-Machine Interface HMI ),
and other specialized industries. 

Corporate History
of BVI Wetouch 

BVI Wetouch was incorporated
under the laws of British Virgin Islands on August 14, 2020. It became the holding company of Hong Kong Wetouch Electronics Technology
Limited Hong Kong Wetouch on September 11, 2020. 

Hong Kong Wetouch Technology
Limited HK Wetouch ), was incorporated as a holding company under the laws of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (the
 SAR on December 3, 2020. On March 2, 2021, HK Wetouch acquired all shares of Hong Kong Wetouch. Due to the fact that Hong
Kong Wetouch and HK Wetouch are both under the same sole stockholder, the acquisition is accounted for under common control. 

In June 2021, Hong Kong
Wetouch completed its dissolution process pursuant to the minutes of its special stockholder meeting. 

Sichuan Wetouch was formed
on May 6, 2011 in the PRC and became a wholly foreign-owned enterprise WFOE in the PRC on February 23, 2017. On July 19,
2016, Sichuan Wetouch was held by HK Wetouch. 

On December 30, 2020,
Sichuan Vtouch was incorporated in Chengdu, Sichuan, under the PRC laws. 

F- 5 

F- 6 

years Machinery and equipment years Vehicles years 

F- 7 

The Company s accounts receivable primarily
includes balance due from customers when the Company s products are sold and delivered to customers. 

Issuance cost related to convertible promissory notes 

- 

Prepayment for land use right (i) 

Security deposit (ii) 

Prepaid consulting service fees (iii) 

- 

Prepaid market research fees (iv) 

- 

Others receivable (v) 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

square feet for a consideration of RMB (equivalent to for the Company s new facility. The Company paid the consideration in full by November 18, 2021. Upon issuance of a certificate of land use right by the local government, which is estimated to be obtained by the end of 2024, the Company will reclassify this prepayment to intangible assets accordingly. 

(equivalent to to Chengdu Cross-Strait Science and Technology Industry Development Park Management Committee to obtain a construction license for its new facility. This deposit will be refunded upon the issuance of the construction license, which is expected to be the end of 2024. 

million and million,
respectively, for the three-year consulting services. The total fee would be amortized over the three-year services and reclassified
to stock issuance costs accordingly. As of September 30, 2024, 
was recognized as prepaid consulting service fees within one year. 

and , respectively, to two unrelated individuals, Mr. Chien Hui Chueh and Mr. Cheung Ming Lin, in relation to the Company s market research service overseas. The two individuals entered into borrowing contracts with the Company for a principal amount of and , respectively, on February 29, 2024. Those contracts were issued to the Company to evidence the advances, bearing interest per annum, and payable on February 28, 2025. 

F- 8 

Machinery and equipment 

Vehicles 

Construction in progress 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was and for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. 

Pursuant to local PRC government guidelines on
local environment issues and the national overall plan, Sichuan Wetouch was subject to a government directed relocation order to relocate
by no later than December 31, 2021 with corresponding compensation. On March 18, 2021, pursuant to the agreement with the local government
and an appraisal report issued by a mutual agreed appraiser, Sichuan Wetouch received a compensation of RMB million million)
(the Compensation Funds for the withdrawal of the right to use of state-owned land (the property and the
demolition of all buildings, facilities, equipment and all other appurtenances on the land. 

On March 16, 2021, in order to minimize interruption of the Company s
business, Sichuan Vtouch entered into a leasing agreement with Sichuan Renshou Shigao Tianfu Investment Co., Ltd. (later renamed
as Meishan Huantian Industrial Co., Ltd.), a limited liability company owned by the local government, to lease the property, and all buildings,
facilities and equipment thereon (the Demised Properties) of Sichuan Wetouch, commencing from April 1, 2021 until December 31,
2021 at a monthly rent of RMB ). The lease was renewed on December 31, 2021 and August 9, 2024, respectively, with a monthly
rent of RMB ), the term of which has been extended to October 31, 2025 for the use of the Demised Properties. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had commitment of RMB million
(equivalent to million) for construction in progress of our new facility. 

F- 9 

-
 Payable to affiliate for expenses paid on behalf of the Company Chengdu Frejoo Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. -
 Payable to affiliate for expenses paid on behalf of the Company Total -

Chengdu Wetouch Intelligent Optoelectronics Co.,
Ltd. was incorporated on in Chengdu, Sichuan Province under the laws of PRC, with Ms. Jiaying Cai, a director of the
Company as its sole shareholder holding of its equity interests. 

Chengdu Frejoo Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.
was incorporated on March 20, 2018 in Chengdu, Sichuan Province under the laws of PRC, with Ms. Jiaying Cai, a director of the Company
as its major shareholder holding of its equity interests. 

per year
beginning 2018, and files a U.S. federal income tax return. 

BVI Wetouch 

Under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands,
BVI Wetouch, a wholly owned subsidiary of Wetouch, is not subject to tax on its income or capital gains. In addition, no British Virgin
Islands withholding tax will be imposed upon the payment of dividends by the Company to its stockholders. 

Hong Kong 

HK Wetouch is subject to profit taxes in Hong
Kong at a progressive rate of . 

PRC 

Sichuan Vtouch files income tax returns in the
PRC. Effective from January 1, 2008, the PRC statutory income tax rate is according to the Corporate Income Tax CIT Law which was passed by the National People s Congress on March 16, 2007. 

Sichuan Vtouch is subject to a income tax
rate. 

The effective income
tax rates for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

The estimated effective income tax rate for the
year ending December 31, 2024 would be similar to actual effective tax rate of the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

F- 10 

Accrued payroll and employee benefits 

Accrued interest expenses 

-

Accrued private placement agent fees (ii) 

-

Accrued consulting fees (iii) 

-

Accrued litigation charges (iv) 

-

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued director fees 

Other payable 

Other tax payables (v) 

Others (vi) 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

(equivalent to of the beginning balance of advance from customers was recognized as revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023. (ii) million, payable only on the completion of the private placement. The Company made the full payment in February 2024. 

million and million, respectively. The Company made the full payment in February 2024. Due to the service of three-year term, was charged to additional paid-in capital as the closing cost of the 2024 Public Offering (as defined in Note 9), and the remaining was recognized as consulting service fee over the service period. 

and court fee of RMB ). As of September 30, 2024, the Company made the full payment of RMB and reversed the court fee of RMB ). For the details, please see NOTE 13 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - Legal Proceedings - viii) and viiii). 

F- 11 

, due in one year with discounted issuance price at . The Notes bore interest at a rate
of per annum, payable in one year and matured on October 27, November 5, November 16, November 24, November 29, and December 2,
2022, respectively. Net proceeds after debt issuance costs and debt discounts were approximately . Debt issuance costs in the
amount of are recorded as deferred charges and included in the other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The debt
discount and debt issuance costs are amortized into interest expense using the effective interest method over the terms of the Notes. 

The details of the Notes are as follows: 

Unless
the Notes are converted, the principal amounts of the Notes, and accrued interest at the rate of per annum, are payable on the one-year
anniversary of the issuance of the Notes (the Maturity Date ). If the Company fails to satisfy its loan obligation by the
Maturity Date, the default interest rate will be the lesser of and the maximum amount permitted by law. 

The Lenders have the
right to convert any or all of the principal and accrued interest on the Notes into shares of common stock of the Company on the earlier
of (i) 180 calendar days after the issuance date of the Notes or (ii) the closing of a listing for trading of the common stock of the
Company on a national securities exchange offering resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of or more (an Uplist
Offering ). If the Company closes an Uplist Offering on or before the 180 th calendar date after the issuance date
of the Notes, the conversion price shall be of the per share offering price in the Uplist Offering; otherwise, the conversion price
is per share. 

Subject to customary
exceptions, if the Company issues shares or any securities convertible into shares of common stock at an effective price per share lower
than the conversion price of the Notes, the conversion rate of the Notes shall be reduced to such lower price. 

Until the Notes are either
paid or converted in their entirety, the Company agreed with the Lenders not to sell any securities convertible into shares of common
stock of the Company (i) at a conversion price that is based on the trading price of the stock or (ii) with a conversion price that is
subject to being reset at a future date or upon an event directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for
the common stock. The Company also agreed to not issue securities at a future determined price. 

The Lenders have the
right to require the Company to repay the Notes if the Company receives cash proceeds, including proceeds from customers and the issuance
of equity (including in the Uplist Offering). If the Company prepays the Notes prior to the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay a 
prepayment penalty. 

From
December 28, 2022 to April 6, 2023, the lenders of five outstanding Notes and the Company entered into two amendments to the Notes extending
the term of the Notes for a total of additional 6 months. 

of the total outstanding balance of the Convertible
Debenture . 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, principal and default charges totaling were converted into 
shares of common stock of the Company. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2023, principal, accrued and unpaid interest and default charges totaling were converted into shares of
common stock of the Company. Two notes were fully converted. 

F- 12 

under the remaining five outstanding promissory
notes, including the principal of and the related accrued interests and default charges of . 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, amortization of discounts and issuance cost of the notes were and , respectively. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized interest expenses
of the Notes in the amount of nil and , respectively. 

For the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized interest expenses of the Notes in the amount of and
 , respectively. 

b) Warrants 

Accounting for
Warrants 

In
connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company also issued to the lenders seven (7) three-year warrants (the Note Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock (the Warrant Shares ). 

The Note Warrants issued
to the lenders granted the holders the rights to purchase up to shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 
per share. However, if the Company closes an Uplist Offering on or before the 180 th calendar date after the issuance date of
the Note Warrants, then the exercise price shall be of the offering price of a share in the Uplist Offering. If the adjusted exercise
price as a result of the Uplist Offering is less than per share, then the number of shares for which the Warrants are exercisable
shall be increased such that the total exercise price, after taking into account the decrease in the per share exercise price, shall be
equal to the total exercise price prior to such adjustment. 

The lenders have the
right to exercise the Note Warrants on a cashless basis if the highest traded price of a share of common stock of the Company during the
150 trading days prior to exercise of the Note Warrants exceeds the exercise price, unless there is an effective registration statement
of the Company which covers the resale of the Lenders. 

If the Company issues
shares or any securities convertible into shares at an effective price per share lower than the exercise price of the Note Warrants, the
exercise price of the Note Warrants shall be reduced to such lower price, subject to customary exceptions. 

The lenders may not convert
the Notes or exercise the Note Warrants if such conversion or exercise will result in each of the lenders, together with any affiliates,
beneficially owning in excess of of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock immediately after giving effect to such
exercise unless such lender notifies the Company at least 61 days prior to such exercise. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2023, two lenders exercised the Note Warrants cashlessly for shares of common stock. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, one lender exercised the Note Warrants cashlessly for shares of common stock. 

F- 13 

Convertible Note - First Fire (Note 9 (a)) Convertible Note - LGH (Note 9 (a)) Convertible Note - Fourth Man (Note 9 (a)) Convertible Note - Jeffery Street (Note 9 (a)) Convertible Note - Blue Lake (Note 9 (a)) Total Total 

(c) Registration
Rights Agreements 

Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights
Agreements between the Company and lenders of the Notes, the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange
Commission to register the shares of common stock underlying the Notes and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Note Warrants within
sixty days from the date of each Registration Rights Agreement. The Company also granted the lenders piggyback registration rights on
such securities pursuant to the Purchase Agreements. 

shares with par value of . 

On December 22, 2020, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to The Crone Law Group, P.C. or its designees for legal services (see Note 11). 

On January 1, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate
of shares to a third party service provider for consulting services that had been rendered. 

On April 14, April 27 and September 1, 2022, the
Company issued , and shares of common stock upon cashless exercise of the Note Warrants to three lenders, respectively.
(see Note 9 (b)). 

During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to a third party upon exercise of warrants (see Note 11). 

During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common upon conversion of convertible promissory note payable (see note 9 (a)). 

On January 19, 2023,
the Company sold an aggregate of shares of common stock to purchasers in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price
of , or per share. On January 20, 2023, the Company received net proceeds of million accordingly. 

F- 14 

shares of common stock upon conversion of convertible promissory note payable (see note 9 (a)). 

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to two third parties upon exercise of warrants (see Note 9(b)). 

On February
20, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share in the 2024 Public Offering.
The Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol WETH on February 21,
2024. 

As of September 30 ,
2024, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

2) Reverse Stock Split 

On February 17, 2023, 

On July 16, 2023, On September 11, 2023, the reverse stock split
was approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and took effect on September 12, 2023. All share information included in this
Quarterly Report has been adjusted as if the reverse stock split occurred as of the earliest period presented. 

3) Closing of the 2024 Public Offering 

On February
23, 2024, the Company closed its offering of shares of common stock at a public offering price of per share, for aggregate
gross proceeds of million before deducting underwriting discounts, and other offering expenses. 

The Company complies with the requirements of
FASB ASC Topic 340-10-S99-1, Other Assets and Deferred Costs SEC Materials ASC 340-10-S99 and SEC
Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering , and charged issuance costs of to additional paid-in
capital during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

F- 15 

shares and warrants to purchase an aggregate of
 shares of common stock to The Crone Law Group, P.C. or its designees for legal services that had been rendered. The five-year warrants
are exercisable at one cent per share. 

shares of common
stock underlying such warrants were vested on December 22, 2020 and shares were issued upon exercise of these warrants on September
21, 2022 and warrant to purchase shares remained outstanding for The Crone law Group, P.C. or its designees for legal services.
The fair value of above award was estimated at the grant date using Black-Scholes model for pricing the share compensation expenses. The
fair value of the Black-Scholes model includes the following assumptions: expected life of years, expected dividend rate of , volatility
of and an average interest rate of . 

On January 1, 2021, the board of directors of
the Company authorized the issuance of an aggregate of shares and warrants to purchase shares of common stock to a third
party service provider for consulting services that had been rendered. These warrants have a five-year term and are exercisable at one
cent per share. 

The shares of common stock and warrants
to purchase shares of commons stock vested on January 1, 2021. 

The fair value of the above warrants was estimated
at the grant date using Black-Scholes model for pricing the share compensation expenses. The fair value of the Black-Scholes model includes
the following assumptions: expected life of years, expected dividend rate of , volatility of and an average interest rate
of . 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
warrants for shares of common stock related to above mentioned services were exercised. There were no warrants related to services
remaining as of September 30, 2024. 

As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company
recognized relevant share-based compensation expense of nil and nil for the vested shares, and nil and nil for the warrants, respectively. 

F- 16 

. 

Interest Rate Risk The Company
is exposed to the risk arising from changing interest rates, which may affect the ability of repayment of existing debts and viability
of securing future debt instruments within the PRC. 

Currency Risk - A majority of the
Company s revenue and expense transactions are denominated in RMB and a significant portion of the Company s assets and liabilities
are denominated in RMB. RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. In the PRC, certain foreign exchange transactions are required
by law to be transacted only by authorized financial institutions at exchange rates set by the People s Bank of China PBOC ).
Remittances in currencies other than RMB by the Company in China must be processed through the PBOC or other China foreign exchange regulatory
bodies which require certain supporting documentation in order to affect the remittance. 

Concentrations - The Company sells
its products primarily to customers in the PRC and to some extent, the overseas customers in European countries and East Asia, such as
South Korea and Taiwan. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, five customers accounted for approximately , , ,
 and , respectively, of the Company s total revenue. For the three-month periods ended September 30, 2023, five customers
accounted for approximately , , , and , respectively, of the Company s revenue. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
five customers accounted for approximately , , , and , respectively, of the Company s total revenue. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2023, five customers accounted for approximately , , , , and ,
respectively, of the Company s revenue. 

The Company s top ten customers aggregately
accounted for and of the total revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and approximately and
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. As of September 30, 2024, seven customers accounted for approximately ,
 , , , , and of the total accounts receivable balance, respectively. 

The Company purchases its raw materials through various suppliers.
Raw material purchases from these suppliers which individually exceeded of the Company s total raw material purchases, accounted
for an aggregate of approximately (two suppliers) and (two suppliers) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, and approximately (three suppliers) and (one supplier) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. 

F- 17 

million but not more than RMB million. 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Company
has not received any notice of penalty from the CSRC. Management will closely monitor any notice or action from the CSRC. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries
are parties to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. Although Hong Kong Wetouch, Sichuan Wetouch, the deconsolidated
subsidiary of the Company (see Note 2- (a) - Deconsolidation of Sichuan Wetouch ), Sichuan Vtouch and Mr. Guangde Cai, the
former Chairman and director of the Company, were named as defendants in several litigation matters, as of the date of this Quarterly
Report, some of which have been settled and Sichuan Wetouch, Hong Kong Wetouch and Mr. Guangde Cai were unconditionally and fully discharged
and released therefrom. Below is a summary of the above-mentioned litigation. 

i) A share transfer dispute case with Yunqing Su for a disputed amount of RMB (equivalent to 

On June 22, 2017, Yunqing Su, a former shareholder
of Sichuan Wetouch, entered into an Equity Investment Agreement with Sichuan Wetouch and Guangde Cai, pursuant to which Yunqing Su would
invest RMB million (equivalent to to purchase original proposed listed shares of the proposed listed company on
Australian capital market, Sichuan Wetouch, and provided for the exit mechanism in the agreement. However, the target company failed to
be listed on Australian capital market prior to December 31, 2017 as agreed. On June 22, 2017, Guangde Cai and Yunqing Su entered into
a supplementary agreement, pursuant to which Guangde Cai shall repurchase all of Yunqing Su s equity interests and pay the interest.
Sichuan Wetouch repaid Yunqing Su the interest of RMB (equivalent to and the principal of RMB (equivalent to in November 2018. However, upon the expiration of the supplementary agreement, Sichuan Wetouch and Guangde Cai failed to repay the remaining
principal balance plus interest owed to Yunqing Su. Yunqing Su subsequently sued Sichuan Wetouch and Guangde Cai in the Renshou County
People s Court of Sichuan Province, and the case was filed on February 9, 2022. 

On May 9, 2022, pursuant to a civil mediation
statement issued by the Renshou County People s Court of Sichuan Province, Sichuan Wetouch and Guangde Cai agreed to repay Yunqing
Su the remaining principal balance plus interest in the total amount of RMB (equivalent to ). Sichuan Wetouch fully
repaid the aforesaid amount on March 15, 2023. 

ii) Legal case with Chengdu SME Credit Guarantee Co., Ltd. on a court acceptance fee of RMB (equivalent to 

On July 5, 2013, Sichuan Wetouch obtained a one-year
loan of RMB million (equivalent to million) from Bank of Chengdu, at an annual interest rate of . Chengdu SME Credit Guarantee
Co., Ltd Chengdu SME ), a third party, provided a guarantee and Bank of Chengdu retained of the risk. 

On July 31, 2014, Sichuan Wetouch repaid RMB 
million (equivalent to million). The remaining loan of RMB million (equivalent to million) was extended twice due on August
22, 2018. Upon the loan becoming due, but unpaid by the Company, Chengdu SME repaid the outstanding balance of RMB million (equivalent
to million) to Bank of Chengdu. The Company subsequently repaid RMB million (equivalent to million) to Chengdu SME; however,
Chengdu SME filed two separate lawsuits against the Company to recover loan default penalties from the Company. The loan default penalties
were (a) RMB million (equivalent to million) related to the of the remaining loan balance repaid by Chengdu SME and (b) RMB 
million (equivalent to million) related to the of the remaining loan balance repaid by Chengdu SME. During the year ended December
31, 2017, the Company recorded loan default penalties, and related liabilities, of million. 

F- 18 

million (equivalent to million) and RMB million (equivalent
to million) on December 30, 2018. On March 12, 2020, the Enforcement Settlement Agreement issued by the Chengdu High-tech Court confirmed
that Sichuan Wetouch still owed RMB million (equivalent to million) and RMB million (equivalent to million), respectively,
of the loan default penalties. The agreement did not specify which party shall pay the court fee. 

On September 16, 2020, Sichuan Wetouch made a
full repayment of RMB million (equivalent to million) of the above loan default penalties to Chengdu SME. 

On March 16, 2023, pursuant to an Enforcement
Settlement Agreement entered among Chengdu SME, Sichuan Wetouch and Chengdu Wetouch, Chengdu Wetouch agreed to pay the court acceptance
fee of RMB (equivalent to ). On March 17, 2023, Chengdu Wetouch made a full payment of the above court fee to Chengdu SME. 

iii) Legal case with Lifan Financial Leasing (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Sichuan Wetouch, Chengdu Wetouch, Meishan Wetouch and Xinjiang Wetouch Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. on a court acceptance fee of RMB (equivalent to 

On November 20, 2014, Lifan Financial Lease (Shanghai)
Co., Ltd. Lifan Financial and Chengdu Wetouch entered into a Financial Lease Contract (Sale and Leaseback), which stipulated
that Lifan Financial shall lease the equipment to Chengdu Wetouch after the purchase of the production equipment owned by Chengdu Wetouch
at a purchase price lease principal of RMB million, with the rental interest rate of the leased equipment at per year, for a lease
term of 24 months. Upon the expiration of the lease term, Lifan Financial shall transfer the leased property to Chengdu Wetouch or a third
party designated by Chengdu Wetouch at the price of RMB after Chengdu Wetouch has fully fulfilled its obligations, including, without
limitation, the payment of the rent, liquidated damages (if any) and other contractual obligations. Guangde Cai, Sichuan Wetouch, Meishan
Wetouch, an affiliated company of Mr. Guangde Cai and Xinjiang Wetouch Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. Xinjiang Wetouch provided Lifan Financial with joint and several liability guarantee. 

On August 9, 2021, Lifan Financial filed a lawsuit
against Chengdu Wetouch, Guangde Cai, Sichuan Wetouch, Meishan Wetouch and Xinjiang Wetouch in the Chengdu Intermediate People s
Court. The court ruled that: 1) the Financial Lease Contract (Sale and Leaseback) was terminated; 2) the leased property was owned by
Lifan Financial; 3) Chengdu Wetouch shall pay Lifan Financial all outstanding rent and interest thereon in the total amount of RMB 
(equivalent to million) as well as the difference between the liquidated damages and the value of the leased property recovered,
etc. 

The parties executed a settlement agreement on
March 7, 2023, pursuant to which the parties confirmed that the outstanding balance of RMB (equivalent to million) has
been fully paid on December 23, 2021 and the above cases have been settled. As for the court acceptance fees that were not previously
agreed upon by the parties, Chengdu Wetouch agreed to pay the court acceptance fee of RMB (equivalent to ). Chengdu Wetouch
paid the aforesaid fees to Lifan Financial on March 10, 2023. 

iv) Legal case with Sichuan Renshou Shigao Tianfu Investment Co., Ltd and Renshou Tengyi Landscaping Co., Ltd. on a court acceptance fee of RMB (equivalent to 

On March 19, 2014, Chengdu Wetouch, a related
party, obtained a two- and half-year loan of RMB million (equivalent to million) from Chengdu Bank Co., Ltd. Gaoxin Branch Chengdu
Bank Gaoxin Branch ), with Chengdu Hi-tech Investment Group Co., Ltd. CDHT Investment acting as guarantor to pay
off the loan principal and related interests, and Sichuan Wetouch and Hong Kong Wetouch as guarantors, all of which were jointly and severally
liable for such debts. 

Upon the loan due in January 2017, Chengdu Wetouch
defaulted the loan, thus, CDHT Investment filed a lawsuit against Chengdu Wetouch, Sichuan Wetouch, and Hong Kong Wetouch demanding a
full repayment of such debts. 

million (equivalent to
 million) as collateral, while Mr. Guangde Cai and Sichuan Wetouch also provided counter-guarantee. 

Upon the expiration of the guarantee, Chengdu
Wetouch still defaulted on repayment. As a result, CDHT Investment levied this collateral of RMB million. On November 21, 2019, Sichuan
Renshou and Renshou Tengyi filed a lawsuit with Chengdu Intermediate People s Court demanding an asset recovery of RMB million
(equivalent to million) pursuant to the counter guarantee agreement. 

F- 19 

shareholding equity in Xinjiang Wetouch Electronic Technology
Co., Ltd. 

On October 9, 2020, pursuant to a settlement and
release agreement, Sichuan Wetouch, Hong Kong Wetouch and Guangde Cai are fully discharged and released from any and all obligations under
the outstanding debts, and from all liabilities under guarantee with Chengdu Wetouch being responsible for the outstanding debts by December
31, 2020. 

On October 27, 2020, Chengdu Wetouch made a full
payment of the above debts. 

The settlement and release agreement did not specify
which party shall pay the court acceptance fee. On March 10, 2023, pursuant to an enforcement settlement agreement entered among Sichuan
Renshou, Renshou Tengyi, Sichuan Wetouch, Chengdu Wetouch, and other relevant parties, Sichuan Wetouch agreed to pay the court acceptance
fee of RMB (equivalent to ). On March 17, 2023, Chengdu Wetouch made a full payment of the above court fee to Sichuan Renshou. 

v) Legal case with Chengdu High Investment Financing Guarantee Co. on a court acceptance fee of RMB (equivalent to 

On March 22, 2019, Chengdu High Investment Financing
Guarantee Co., Ltd, Chengdu High Investment filed a lawsuit against Hong Kong Wetouch in the Chengdu Intermediate People s
Court, claiming that Hong Kong Wetouch was jointly liable as a guarantor for the debt payable by Chengdu Wetouch. On May 21, 2020, the
court rendered a judgment ordering Hong Kong Wetouch to pay compensation of RMB (equivalent to ), interest, liquidated
damages, liquidated damages for late performance, etc. 

On March 16, 2023, Chengdu Wetouch, Sichuan Wetouch
and Chengdu High Investment entered into a settlement enforcement agreement, confirming that Chengdu High Investment had received RMB 
(equivalent to on October 27, 2020 paid by Chengdu Wetouch, and the above case has been settled. As for the court acceptance
fees that were not previously agreed upon by the parties, Chengdu Wetouch agreed to pay the court acceptance fee of RMB (equivalent
to ). Chengdu Wetouch paid the aforesaid fees to Chengdu High Investment on March 20, 2023. 

vi) Legal case with Hubei Lai en Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. on a product payment of RMB (equivalent to 

Sichuan Wetouch purchased products from Hubei
Lai en Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd. Hubei Lai en) multiple times from March to June 2019, but failed to pay
the corresponding amount of RMB for the purchased products. On April 6, 2022, Hubei Lai en filed a lawsuit against Sichuan
Wetouch in the Renshou County People s Court of Sichuan Province, requesting payment of overdue payment for the products and liquidated
damages. On May 31, 2022, the Renshou County People s Court rendered a judgment that Sichuan Wetouch shall pay Hubei Lai en
the price of goods of RMB and liquidated damages of RMB . Sichuan Wetouch paid the above amount to Hubei Lai en on
March 15, 2023. 

vii) Legal case with Chengdu Hongxin Shunda Trading Co., Ltd. on settlement of accounts payable and related fund interests totaling RMB 

In March 2022, Sichuan Vtouch purchase steel products from Chengdu
Hongxin Shunda Trading Co., Ltd. Chengdu Hongxin for facility construction, but failed to settle the accounts payable
on time. In July 2023, Chengdu Hongxin filed a lawsuit with Chengdu Wuhou District People s Court against the Company and its new
facility constructors (the three defendants ), of which Sichuan Chunqiu Development Construction Group Co. Ltd. Chunqiu
Co. as the primary contractor, requesting the settlement of the remaining accounts payable and the corresponding fund interests,
penalties and legal fees, totaling of RMB ). The court made a judgment against the defendants for the repayment and
ordered the freezing of bank accounts of these three defendants. On September 25, 2023, Sichuan Vtouch appealed to Chengdu Municipal Intermediate
People s Court, arguing the calculation of fund interests and penalties ordered by the lower court was unfair and not in line with
the law regulations. On March 26, 2024, the appellate court upheld the original judgment. In April 2024, Chengdu Hongxin sought enforcement
of the judgment in the amount of RMB ). As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the primary facility constructor Chunqiu
Co. paid the above enforcement amount in full. 

viii) Legal case with Mr. Guangchang Liu on a refund of equity transfer price and related interests totaling RMB 

In July 2022, Mr. Liu entered into an equity transfer
agreement with Mr. Guangde Cai and Sichuan Vtouch with the intention to subscribe the Company s shares of for RMB ). In April 2023, Mr. Liu filed a lawsuit with Shenzhen Nanshan District People s Court against Mr. Guangde Cai and Sichuan
Vtouch requesting the refund of this equity transfer price and related interests totaling RMB ). On December 13, 2023,
the dispute was resolved through court-mediated settlement, with the defendants ordered to pay the required funds and associated legal
fees by the end of 2023, along with any applicable default interest in the event of late payment. Mr. Cai made the repayment of the subscription
fund and legal fees in full (totaling RMB in January 2024 and the related default interests of approximately RMB (equivalent
to ). The above repayments totaling RMB (equivalent to ). On November 5, 2024, Mr. Guangde Cai signed a liability
waver agreement with Sichuan Vtouch, discharging any joint liability of Sichuan Vouch accordingly. 

F- 20 

(equivalent to and related interest, legal fees and penalties. 

On August 10, 2021, Sichuan Yali Cement Manufacturing
Co., Ltd. Yali Co. and Chunqiu Co. entered into construction materials purchase contract for Sichuan Vtouch s new
facility. Under this contract, Sichuan Vtouch was jointly liable for the payment settlement between Yali Co. and Chunqiu Co. 

On February 15, 2023, Yali Co. filed a lawsuit
against Chunqiu Co. with the Chengdu Wenjiang District People s Court, claiming that Chunqiu Co. should pay the remaining debt of
RMB RMB (equivalent to and related interest, legal fees and penalties, and that Sichuan Vtouch should be jointly liable
for the debt payable by Chunqiu Co. On August 2, 2023, the court rendered a judgment ordering Chunqiu Co. to pay to Yali Co. for above
mentioned amount. Sichuan Vtouch was ordered joint liability of such aforesaid repayment. 

On August 22, 2023, Chunqiu Co. appealed to Chengdu
Municipal Intermediate People s Court against Yali Co. and Sichuan Vtouch, requesting Sichuan Vtouch to be responsible for this
debt payable. On October 30, 2023, the court ordered Chunqiu Co. to repay all the debts, and Sichuan Vtouch to bear the joint and several
liability for the above debts of Chunqiu Co. including a court fee of RMB with Chunqiu Co. As of September 30, 2024, Chunqiu
Co. made full payment of remaining debt of RMB RMB (equivalent to and the payment of related court fee of RMB in full. 

Capital Expenditure Commitment 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had commitment
of RMB million (equivalent to million) for construction in progress. 

Sales in Overseas 

-Republic of China (ROC, or Taiwan) 

-South Korea 

-Others 

Sub-total 

Total Revenue 

F- 21 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

The discussion should be read in conjunction
with the Company s consolidated financial statements and the notes presented herein. In addition to historical information, the
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ significantly from those expressed, implied or anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors discussed herein and any other periodic reports filed and to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statement. 

Overview 

We were originally incorporated under the laws
of the state of Nevada in August 1992. On October 9, 2020, we entered into a share exchange agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement with BVI Wetouch and all the shareholders of BVI Wetouch, to acquire all the issued and outstanding capital stock of BVI Wetouch in exchange
for the issuance to such shareholders an aggregate of 28 million shares of our common stock (the Reverse Merger ). The Reverse
Merger closed on October 9, 2020. As a result of the Reverse Merger, BVI Wetouch is now our wholly-owned subsidiary. 

Through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, BVI Wetouch,
HK Wetouch, Sichuan Wetouch, and Sichuan Vtouch, we are engaged in the research, development, manufacturing, sales and servicing of medium
to large sized projected capacitive touchscreens, which constitutes our source of revenues. We are specialized in large-format touchscreens,
which are developed and designed for a wide variety of markets and used in by the financial terminals, automotive, POS, gaming, lottery,
medical, HMI, and other specialized industries. Our product portfolio comprises medium to large sized projected capacitive touchscreens
ranging from 7.0 inch to 42 inch screens. In terms of the structures of touch panels, we offer (i) Glass-Glass GG ), primarily
used in GPS/car entertainment panels in mid-size and luxury cars, industrial HMI, financial and banking terminals, POS and lottery machines;
(ii) Glass-Film-Film GFF ), mostly used in high-end GPS and entertainment panels, industrial HMI, financial and banking
terminals, lottery and gaming industry; (iii) Plastic-Glass PG ), typically adopted by touchscreens in GPS/entertainment
panels motor vehicle GPS, smart home, robots and charging stations; and (iv) Glass-Film GF ), mostly used in industrial
HMI. 

On July 16, 2023, the Company s board of
directors approved a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock at a ratio of 1-for-20. On July 16, 2023, the Company
filed a certificate of change (with an effective date of July 16, 2023) with the Nevada Secretary of State pursuant to Nevada Revised
Statutes 78.209 to effectuate a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock. On September 11, 2023, the Company
received a notice from FINRA/OTC Corporate Actions the reverse split would take effect at the open of business on September 12, 2023,
and the reverse stock that split took effect on that date. All share information included in this Quarterly Report has been reflected
as if the reverse stock splits occurred as of the earliest period presented. 

Construction of our new facility 

We have been actively engaged in the construction
of our new production facilities and office buildings in Chengdu Medicine City (Technology Park), Wenjiang District, Chengdu, Sichuan
Province, Peoples s Republic of China since the summer of 2023. 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report, we anticipate
completing the building construction, including the newly planned touch machine construction area by the end of the first quarter of 2025 and
commence production in the third quarter of 2025. 

2 

Highlights for the three months ended September
30 , 2024 include: 

Revenues were 11.5 million, an increase of 3.6 from 11.1 million in the third quarter of 2023 

Gross profit was 4.4 million, a decrease of 8.3 from 4.8 million in the third quarter of 2023 

Gross profit margin was 38.4 as compared to 42.9 in the third quarter of 2023 

Net income was 2.7 million, a decrease of 6.9 from 2.9 million in the third quarter of 2023 

Total volume shipped was 548,335 units, a decrease of 1.6 from 557,503 units in the third quarter of 2023 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth, for the periods
indicated, statements of income data: 

(in US Dollar millions, except percentage) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 

2024 
 2023 
 
 2024 
 2023 

Revenues 
 11.5 
 11.1 
 3.6 
 38.6 
 37.3 
 3.5 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 (7.1 
 (6.3 
 12.7 
 (26.0 
 (20.2 
 28.7 
 
 Gross profit 
 4.4 
 4.8 
 (8.3 
 12.6 
 17.1 
 (26.3 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (0.9 
 (0.5 
 80.0 
 (3.1 
 (2.4 
 29.2 
 
 Operating income 
 3.5 
 4.3 
 (18.6 
 9.5 
 14.7 
 (35.4 
 
 Total other income (expenses) 
 0.1 
 (0.3 
 (133.3 
 (0.9 
 (0.3 
 200.0 
 
 Interest expense 
 0.0 
 0.1 
 (100.0 
 (1.2 
 (0.2 
 500.0 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 3.6 
 4.0 
 (10.0 
 8.6 
 14.4 
 (40.3 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (0.9 
 (1.1 
 (18.2 
 (2.7 
 (4.1 
 (34.1 
 
 Net income 
 2.7 
 2.9 
 (6.9 
 5.9 
 10.3 
 (42.7 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared
to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Revenues 

We generated revenue of 11.5 million for the
three months ended September 30, an increase of 0.4 million, or 3.6 , compared to 11.1 million in the same period of last year. This
was due to an increase of 3.6 in the average selling price of our products, and 1.7 positive impact from exchange rate due to appreciation
of RMB against US dollars, partially offset by a decrease of 1.6 in sales volume compared with that of the same period of last year. 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Amount 
 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 

(in US Dollar millions except percentage) 
 
 Revenue from sales to customers in Mainland
 China 
 7.4 
 64.3 
 7.4 
 66.7 
 0.0 
 0.0 
 
 Revenue from sales to customers overseas 
 4.1 
 35.7 
 3.7 
 33.3 
 0.4 
 10.8 
 
 Total Revenues 
 11.5 
 100 
 11.1 
 100 
 0.4 
 3.6 

3 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Unit 
 
 Unit 
 
 Unit 

(in UNIT, except percentage) 
 
 Units sold to customers in Mainland China 
 349,960 
 63.8 
 365,623 
 65.6 
 (15,663 
 (4.3 
 
 Units sold to customers overseas 
 198,375 
 36.2 
 191,880 
 34.4 
 6,495 
 3.4 
 
 Total Units Sold 
 548,335 
 100 
 557,503 
 100 
 (9,168 
 (1.6 

(i) PRC market 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024, we recorded the same revenue of 7.4 million in the domestic market compared to the same period of last year.
During the third quarter of 2024, the Company had an increase of 3.0 in the average RMB selling price of our products, and 1.7 positive
impact from exchange rate due to appreciation of RMB against US dollars, partially offset by a decrease of 4.3 in sales volume, primarily
due to lower sales volume of industrial control computer touchscreens, POS touchscreens, and gaming touchscreens, compared with those
of the same period of last year. 

As for the RMB selling
price, the increase of 3.0 was mainly due to the higher selling price of new models of higher-end products such as medical touchscreen
and automotive touchscreens in the domestic market during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

The macroeconomic conditions
in China in 2024 continued to be exacerbated from the impact of three years of zero-COVID lockdowns since 2020, resulted in overall weaker
market demand and reduced sales orders in the touchscreen business. Despite of sales decreased by 4.7 in South China and 5.6 in Eastern
China, we achieved 6.4 sales increase in Southwest China during the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to that of last
year. 

(ii) Overseas market 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024, revenues from the overseas market were 4.1 million as compared to 3.7 million of the same period of 2023,
representing an increase by 0.4 million, or 10.8 , mainly due to (i) an increase of 3.4 sales volume, particularly in gaming
touchscreens and automotive touchscreens, (ii) an increase of 4.9 in average RMB selling price mainly in industrial control computer
touchscreens and automotive touchscreens products, and (iii) 1.7 positive impact from exchange rate due to appreciation of RMB against
US dollars, as compared with those of the same period of last year. 

4 

The following table
summarizes the breakdown of revenues by categories in US dollars : 

Revenues For the Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Amount 
 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 
 Margin 

(in US Dollars, except percentage) 
 
 Product categories by end applications 

Automotive Touchscreens 
 3,193,024 
 27.7 
 2,945,460 
 26.5 
 247,564 
 8.4 
 
 Industrial Constrol Computer Touchscreens 
 2,243,509 
 19.4 
 2,297,924 
 20.7 
 (54,415 
 (2.4 
 
 Gaming Touchscreens 
 1,830,671 
 15.9 
 1,742,589 
 15.7 
 88,082 
 5.1 
 
 POS Touchscreens 
 1,661,568 
 14.4 
 1,738,935 
 15.6 
 (77,367 
 (4.4 
 
 Medical Touchscreens 
 1,647,650 
 14.3 
 1,398,203 
 12.6 
 249,447 
 17.8 
 
 Multi-Functional Printer Touchscreens 
 961,567 
 8.3 
 1,000,494 
 9.0 
 (38,927 
 (3.9 
 
 Total Revenues 
 11,537,989 
 100.0 
 11,123,605 
 100.0 
 414,384 
 3.6 

The Company continued to shift production mix from traditional lower-end products to high-end products such as medical touchscreens and
automotive touchscreens, primarily due to (i) greater growth potential of computer screen models in China and overseas market, and (ii)
the stronger demand on higher-end touch screens made with better materials and better quality. 

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Gross Profit 
 4.4 
 4.8 
 (0.4 
 (8.3 
 
 Gross Profit Margin 
 38.4 
 42.9 
 
 (4.5 

Gross profit was 4.4 million in the third quarter ended September 30, 2024, compared to 4.8 million in the same period of 2023. Our
gross profit margin decreased to 38.4 for the third quarter ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 42.9 for the same period of 2023,
primarily due to the increase of cost of goods sold by 11.9 , including the increase of 11.9 in cost of materials, 12.2 in utility cost,
and 25.5 in labor costs due to new hiring of technicians since the first quarter of 2024. The rising chip cost has stabilized in the
third quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the first quarter of 2024. 

Selling Expenses 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Selling Expenses 
 0.2 
 0.3 
 (0.1 
 (33.3 
 
 as a percentage of revenues 
 1.7 
 2.7 
 
 (1.0 

Selling expenses were 0.2 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.3 million in the same period in 2023, representing a decrease of 0.1 million, or 33.3 .
The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in traveling expenses, as the sales department increasingly utilized online communications
for sales forecasting and marketing evaluations during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 0.7 
 0.2 
 0.5 
 250.0 
 
 as a percentage of revenues 
 6.1 
 1.8 
 
 4.3 

General and
administrative expenses were 0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.2 million in the same period
in 2023, representing an increase of 0.7 million, or 250.0 . The increase was primarily due to amortized 0.6 million consulting
service fees (see Note 4 (iii) of the accompanying financial statements) and the increase of 0.1 million professional fees during
the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

5 

Research and Development Expenses 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in US dollars, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Research and Development Expenses 
 43,859 
 20,580 
 23,279 
 113.1 
 
 as a percentage of revenues 
 0.4 
 0.2 
 
 0.2 

Research and development expenses were 43,859
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 20,580 in the same period in 2023, representing an increase of 23,279, or
113.1 , due to the increased R D material consumption. 

Operating Income 

Total operating income was 3.5 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 4.3 million of the same period of last year, primarily due to lower gross margin
and higher general and administrative expenses and research development expenses, partially offset by lower selling expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Gain (loss) on Changes in Fair Value of
Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Gain (loss) on changes in fair value of common stock purchase warrants 
 0.1 
 (0.2 
 0.3 
 (150.0 
 
 as a percentage of revenues 
 0.9 
 1.8 
 
 (0.9 

Gain on changes in fair value of common stock
purchase warrants for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.1 million as compared to loss of 0.2 million on changes in fair
value of common stock purchase warrants in the same period of 2023, respectively. 

Income Taxes 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Income before Income Taxes 
 3.6 
 4.0 
 (0.4 
 (10.0 
 
 Income Tax (Expense) 
 (0.9 
 (1.1 
 0.2 
 (18.2 
 
 Effective income tax rate 
 26.9 
 28.7 
 
 3.9 

The effective income tax rates for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 26.9 and 28.7 , respectively. 

Net Income 

As a result of the above factors, we had a net
income of 2.7 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a net income of 2.9 million in the same quarter of 2023. 

6 

Results of Operations - Nine Months Ended September
30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Revenues 

We generated revenue of 38.6 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.3 million, or 3.5 , compared to 37.3 million in the same period of last year. This
was mainly due to an increase of 1.8 in sales volume, and an increase of 4.0 in the average RMB selling price of our products, partially
offset by 2.3 negative impact from exchange rate due to depreciation of RMB against US dollars, compared with those of the same period
of last year. 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Amount 
 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 

(in US Dollar millions except percentage) 
 
 Revenue from sales to customers in PRC 
 24.7 
 64.0 
 25.8 
 69.2 
 (1.1 
 (4.3 
 
 Revenue from sales to customers overseas 
 13.9 
 36.0 
 11.5 
 30.8 
 2.4 
 20.9 
 
 Total Revenues 
 38.6 
 100 
 37.3 
 100 
 1.3 
 3.5 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Unit 
 
 Unit 
 
 Unit 

(in UNIT, except percentage) 
 
 Units sold to customers in PRC 
 1,153,140 
 63.5 
 1,207,931 
 66.5 
 (54,791 
 (4.5 
 
 Units sold to customers overseas 
 662,270 
 36.5 
 574,988 
 33.5 
 87,282 
 15.2 
 
 Total Units Sold 
 1,815,410 
 100 
 1,782,919 
 100 
 32,491 
 1.8 

(i) PRC market 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, revenue from PRC market decreased by 1.1 million or 4.3 as a combined result of (i) a decrease of 4.5 in sales
volume, particularly in multi-functional printer touchscreens, medical touchscreens and automotive touchscreens, (ii) 2.3 negative impact
from exchange rate due to depreciation of RMB against US dollars, and partially offset by (iii) an increase of 2.6 in the average RMB
selling price of our products, compared with those of the same period of last year. 

As for the RMB selling price, the increase of
2.6 was mainly due to the increased sales of new models of higher-end products such as medical touchscreens and automotive touchscreens
with higher selling prices in the domestic market during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 

The macroeconomic conditions in China in 2024 continued to be exacerbated from the impact of three years of zero-COVID lockdowns since
2020, resulted in overall weaker market demand and reduced sales orders in the touchscreen business. Despite of sales decreased by 6.0 
in South China and 5.2 in East China, we achieved sales increase by 4.4 in Southwest China during the nine months ended September 30,
2024 as compared to that of last year. 

7 

(ii) Overseas market 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, revenues from overseas market was 13.9 million as compared to 11.5 million of the same period of 2023, representing
an increase by 2.4 million or 20.9 mainly due to i) an increase of 15.2 in sales volume, particularly in industrial control touchscreens,
gaming touchscreens and automotive touchscreens (ii) 7.5 increase in average RMB selling price during the nine months ended September
30, 2024, partially offset by (iii) the 2.3 negative impact from exchange rate due to depreciation of RMB against US dollars ,compared
with those of the same period of last year. 

The following table
summarizes the breakdown of revenues by categories in US dollars : 

Revenues For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

Amount 
 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 
 Margin 

(in US Dollars, except percentage) 
 
 Product categories by end applications 

Automotive Touchscreens 
 10,769,342 
 27.9 
 9,390,350 
 25.2 
 1,378,992 
 14.7 
 
 Industrial Control Computer Touchscreens 
 7,458,806 
 19.3 
 7,392,780 
 19.8 
 66,026 
 0.9 
 
 Gaming Touchscreens 
 5,959,287 
 15.4 
 5,387,021 
 14.4 
 572,266 
 10.6 
 
 Medical Touchscreens 
 5,791,538 
 15.0 
 5,380,498 
 14.4 
 411,040 
 7.6 
 
 POS Touchscreens 
 5,544,124 
 14.3 
 6,084,523 
 16.3 
 (540,399 
 (8.9 
 
 Multi-Functional Printer Touchscreens 
 3,126,726 
 8.1 
 3,696,326 
 9.9 
 (569,600 
 (15.4 
 
 Total Revenues 
 38,649,823 
 100.0 
 37,331,498 
 100.0 
 1,318,325 
 3.5 

The Company continued to shift production mix
from traditional lower-end products such as touchscreens used in industrial control computer industries to high-end products such as automotive
touchscreens, gaming touchscreen, and medical touchscreens, primarily due to (i) greater growth potential of computer screen models in
China, and (ii) the stronger demand on higher-end touch screens made with better materials and better quality. 

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Gross Profit 
 12.6 
 17.1 
 (4.5 
 (26.3 
 
 Gross Profit Margin 
 32.7 
 45.7 
 
 (13.0 

Gross profit was 12.6
million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, compared to 17.1 million in the same period of 2023. Our gross profit margin
increased to 32.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 45.7 for the same period of 2023, primarily due to the
increase of cost of goods sold by 33.4 , resulting from the increase of 35.2 in costs of raw materials, including the increase of chip
cost by 3.1 , and the increase of 24.4 of labor costs due to additional hiring of technicians, and the increase of 25.4 of utility cost
during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The rising chip cost has stabilized in the third quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared
to the first quarter of 2024. 

8 

Selling Expenses 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Selling Expenses 
 0.9 
 0.4 
 0.5 
 125.0 
 
 as a percentage of revenues 
 2.3 
 1.1 
 
 1.2 

Selling expenses were 0.9 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.4 million in the same period in 2023, representing an increase of 0.5 million, or 125.0 ,
primarily due to an increase in traveling expenses and logistics costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

General and Administrative
Expenses 

For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 2.1 
 1.9 
 0.2 
 10.5 
 
 as a percentage of revenues 
 5.4 
 5.1 
 
 0.3 

General and administrative
(G A) expenses were 2.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.9 million in the same period in 2023,
representing an increase of 0.2 million or 10.5 . The increase was primarily due to i) the amortized 1.3 million consulting service
fees (see Note 4 (iii) of the accompanying financial statements), ii) the increase of 0.1 million professional fees during the
nine months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by iii) the accrued private placement agent fees of 1.2 million related to the
private placement consent agreement with representatives of an investment bank firm during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (see
Note 8 (ii) of the accompanying financial statements). 

Research and Development Expenses 

For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in US dollars, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Research and Development Expenses 
 129,808 
 61,849 
 67,559 
 109.9 
 
 as a percentage of revenues 
 0.3 
 0.2 
 
 0.1 

Research and development (R D) expenses were
 129,808 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 61,849 in the same period in 2023, due to the increased R D material
consumption. 

Operating Income 

Total operating income was 9.5 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 14.7 million of the same period of last year, primarily due to lower gross profit,
higher selling expenses, general administration expenses and research and development expenses. 

Gain (loss) on changes in fair value of
Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Gain (loss) on changes in fair value of Common Stock Purchase Warrants 
 0.2 
 (0.1 
 0.3 
 300.0 
 
 as a percentage of revenues 
 1.7 
 0.9 
 
 0.8 

Gain on changes in fair value of common stock
purchase warrants was 0.2 million and loss on changes of 0.1 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively (See
Note 9 (b)). 

9 

Interest Expenses 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Interest Expenses 
 1.2 
 0.2 
 1.0 
 500.0 
 
 as a percentage of revenues 
 3.1 
 0.6 
 
 2.5 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized interest expenses from cetain convertible promissory notes in the amount of 1,169,974
(mainly contributable to the default interest charges of 1,145,995 upon the repayment of the notes payable) and 211,383, respectively.
(See Note 9 (a) of the accompanying financial statements). 

Income Taxes 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 Change 
 
 (in millions, except percentage) 
 2024 
 2023 
 Amount 

Income before Income Taxes 
 8.6 
 14.4 
 (5.8 
 (40.3 
 
 Income Tax (Expense) 
 (2.7 
 (4.1 
 (1.4 
 (34.1 
 
 Effective income tax rate 
 25.4 
 28.5 
 
 (3.1 

The effective income tax rates for the nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 were 25.4 and 28.4 , respectively. 

Our PRC subsidiary Sichuan Vtouch had 106.7 million
of cash as of September 30, 2024, which are planned to be indefinitely reinvested in PRC. The distributions from our PRC subsidiary are
subject to the U.S. federal income tax at 21 , less any applicable foreign tax credits. Due to our policy of indefinitely reinvesting
our earnings in our PRC business, we have not provided for deferred income tax liabilities related to PRC withholding income tax on undistributed
earnings of our PRC subsidiaries. 

Net Income 

As a result of the above factors, we had a net
income of 5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a net income of 10.3 million in the same period of 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Historically, our primary uses of cash have been
to finance working capital needs. We expect that we will be able to meet our needs to fund operations, capital expenditures and other
commitments in the next 12 months primarily with our cash and cash equivalents, operating cash flows and bank borrowings. 

We may, however, require additional cash resources
due to changes in business conditions or other future developments. If these sources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements,
we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. The sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities
could result in additional dilution to stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations
and could result in operating and financial covenants that would restrict operations. Financing may not be available in amounts or on
terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had current assets
of 120.0 million, consisting of 106.7 million in cash, 9.7 million in accounts receivable, 0.2 million in inventories, and 3.4 million
in prepaid expenses and other current assets Our current liabilities as of September 30, 2024 were 3.4 million, which is comprised of
 1.2 million in accounts payable, 0.4 million due to related parties, 1.0 million in income tax payable, and 0.8 million in accrued
expenses and other current liabilities. 

10 

The following is a summary of our cash flows provided
by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 
 (in US Dollar millions) 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (0.7 
 9.0 
 
 Net cash used in investing activity 
 (0.1 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 8.0 
 39.9 
 
 Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 1.5 
 (6.2 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 8.7 
 42.7 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 
 98.0 
 51.2 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 
 106.7 
 93.9 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 0.7
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 9.0 million provided by operating activities for the same period
of the last year, primarily due to (i) the decrease of 4.4 million net income and the increase of 0.3 million of gain on changes in
fair value of common stock purchase warrants liability for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period of
2023, (ii) the decrease of 0.2 million in inventories, and 2.6 million in prepaid and other current assets, (iii) the decrease of 0.2
million in income tax payable and 5.8 million in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, partially offset by (v) the decrease
of 3.4 million in accounts receivable and the increase of 0.4 million in accounts payable for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Investing Activity 

Net cash used in investing activity for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 was 0.1 million for the purchase of property, plant and equipment. 

There was no cash flow in investing activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 8.0 million, including 9.0 million in net proceeds from the 2024 Public Offering and 0.4
million in proceeds of interest-free advances from a related party, partially offset by 1.4 million repayment of convertible promissory
notes. 

Net cash provided by
financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 40.0 million, including 40.0 million in proceeds from stock issuance
in a private placement, partially offset by the repayment of 55,000 convertible promissory note payable. 

As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents
were 106.7 million, as compared to 98.0 million at December 31, 2023. 

Days Sales Outstanding DSO has
decreased to 60 days for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 77 days for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

The following table provides an analysis of the
aging of accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 

September 30, 
2024 
 December 31, 2023 
 
 Current 
 3,877,220 
 3,740,488 
 
 1-3 months past due 
 3,903,309 
 2,635,045 
 
 4-6 months past due 
 1.952.229 
 1,079,719 
 
 Total accounts receivable 
 9,732,758 
 7,455,252 

11 

The majority of the Company s
revenues and expenses were denominated in Renminbi RMB ), the currency of the People s Republic of China. There is
no assurance that exchange rates between the RMB and the U.S. Dollar will remain stable. Inflation has not had a material impact on the
Company s business. 

Based on past performance and current expectations,
we believe our cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities and financing activities will satisfy our working capital needs,
capital expenditures and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months. 

Holding Company Structure 

There have been no changes
to the Company s holding company structure during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For more details, refer to the Company s
holding company structure disclosures set forth in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations- Holding Company Structure of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Form 10-K ). 

Cash and Other Assets
Transfers between the Holding Company and Its Subsidiaries 

Please see ITEM
7- Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations- Cash and Other Assets Transfers between
the Holding Company and Its Subsidiaries of the 2023 Form 10-K for more details. 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Contingencies 

The Company s common stock began trading
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol WETH on February 21, 2024. The Company failed to timely complete the
filing procedures with China Securities Regulatory Commission CSRC on overseas initial public offering and transfer of
listing as regulated below: 

1) 
 Per Article 13 and Article 8 and Article 25 of CSRC Announcement (2023) No. 43 -Trial Measures for the Administration of Overseas Issuance and Listing of Securities for Domestic Enterprises Trial Measures Announcement No. 43), which was implemented on March 31, 2023 (http://www.csrc.gov.cn/csrc/c101954/c7124478/content.shtml), when an issuer conducts an overseas initial public offering or listing, it shall submit overseas issuance and listing application documents to CSRC within three working days; When a domestic enterprise transfers its listing overseas, it shall comply with the requirements of the overseas first public listing requirements for issuance and listing, and shall file with the CSRC within 3 working days, after its submitting application documents for transfer and listing overseas. 

2) 
 Article 27 of Trial Measures Announcement No. 43 stipulates that if a domestic enterprise violates the provisions of Article 13 of these Measures and fails to perform the filing procedures, or violates the provisions of Articles 8 and 25 of these Measures for overseas issuance and listing, CSRC shall order it to make corrections and give a warning, and impose a fine of not less than RMB 1 million but not more than RMB 10 million. 

As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Company
has not received any notice of penalty from the CSRC. Management will closely monitor any notice or action from CSRC. 

Capital Expenditure
Commitment 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had commitment
of RMB5.0 million (equivalent to 0.7 million) for construction in progress. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off balance sheet arrangements. 

12 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with GAAP and the Company s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require
the Company s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 2, SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q
and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of the 2023 Form 10-K describe the significant accounting policies
and methods used in the preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. There have been no material changes
to the Company s critical accounting estimates since the 2023 Form 10-K. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (our Certifying Officers ), we evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of
September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024, as a result of the material weaknesses identified below. 

In light of the material weaknesses, we performed
additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Based on such
analysis and notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, believe the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report fairly represent in all material
respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Material Weaknesses 

In connection with the audit of the financial
year ended December 31, 2023, we identified certain control deficiencies in the design and operation of our internal controls over our
financial reporting that constituted a material weakness in aggregation. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

13 

The material weaknesses related to internal control
over financial reporting that were identified in the 2023 Form 10-K and still applied as of September 30, 2024 were: 

Inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; 

Lack of formal policies and procedures; and 

Lack of risk assessment procedures on internal controls to detect financial reporting risks on a timely manner. 

As a result, we were not able to achieve adequate
segregation of duties and were not able to provide for adequate review of the financial statements. 

Management s Plan to Remediate the
Material Weaknesses 

Management has been implementing and continues
to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weaknesses are remediated, such that these
controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions planned include: 

Identify gaps in our skillset and the expertise of our staff required to meet the financial reporting requirements of a public company; and 

Continue to develop policies and procedures on internal control over financial reporting and monitor the effectiveness of operations on existing controls and procedures; 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2024, the management has not addressed the material weaknesses on internal control and will continue to implement the above improvement
plans to ensure our financial reporting in compliance with US GAAP and SEC filing requirements. 

The Company recognizes that the material weaknesses
in its internal control over financial reporting will not be considered remediated until the remediated controls operate for a sufficient
period of time and can be tested and concluded by management to be designed and operating effectively. Because the Company s remediation
efforts are ongoing, it cannot provide any assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or that its internal control over
financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts. 

The Company will continue to evaluate and work
to improve its internal control over financial reporting related to the identified material weaknesses, and management may determine to
take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine to modify the remediation plan described above. The Company will
report the progress and status of the above remediation efforts to the Audit Committee on a periodic basis. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

As described above, the Company is taking steps
to remediate the material weaknesses noted above. Other than in connection with these remediation steps, there have been no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

14 

PART II - Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may be subject to other
legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Regardless of the outcome of any existing or future litigation, litigation
can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 

The information required with respect to this
item can be found under Commitments and Contingencies in Note 13 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and is incorporated by reference into this Item 1. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Except for the additional risk factors set forth
below, there have been no material changes to our Risk Factors as disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
as filed with the SEC on April 17, 2024, June 14, 2024 and August 19, 2024, respectively. 

We may incur material expenses or delays
in financings or SEC filings due to the dismissal of BF Borgers and our stock price and access to the capital markets may be
affected. 

As a public company, we are required to file with
the SEC financial statements that are audited or reviewed, as applicable, by an independent registered public accountant. Our access to
the capital markets and our ability to make timely filings with the SEC will depend on having financial statements audited or reviewed
again by a new independent registered public accounting firm. In addition, because the SEC found that BF Borgers CPA PC deliberately failed
to conduct audits and quarterly reviews in accordance with applicable PCAOB standards and fraudulently issued audit reports, we will not
be able to rely on BF Borgers (as defined herein) to provide other information or documents that would customarily be received
by us or underwriters in connection with financings or other transactions, including consents and comfort letters. As a
result, we may encounter delays, additional expense and other difficulties in future financings. Any resulting delay in accessing or inability
to access the public capital markets could be disruptive to our operations and could affect the price and liquidity of our securities.
Any negative news about the proceedings against BF Borgers may also adversely affect investor confidence in companies that were
previous clients of BF Borgers. All of these factors could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and
our ability to access the capital markets. 

You are unlikely to be able to exercise
effective remedies or collect judgments against BF Borgers relating to their work as our independent registered public accounting
firm. 

BF Borgers served as our independent
registered public accounting firm from 2020 to 2023. On May 3, 2024, the SEC entered an order instituting settled administrative and cease-and-desist
proceedings against BF Borgers CPA PC Borgers and its sole audit partner, Benjamin F. Borgers CPA, permanently, barring
Mr. Borgers and Borgers (collectively, BF Borgers from appearing or practicing before the Commission as an accountant (the
 Order ). As a result of the Order, BF Borgers may no longer serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm, nor can BF Borgers issue any audit reports included in Commission filings or provide consents with respect to audit reports. In
light of the Order, the Audit Committee of the board of directors of the Company (the Audit Committee on May 9, 2024, unanimously
approved to dismiss and dismissed BF Borgers as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and approved the engagement
of Enrome LLP to serve as the Company s new independent registered public accounting firm. The management has also decided to redo
the annual audit for the year of 2023 by the end of 2024. We have no ability to ascertain whether BF Borgers will survive or
that adequate assets will be available to satisfy any claims against it. As a result, you may not be able to exercise effective remedies
or collection judgements against BF Borgers. 

15 

We may be subject to fines and penalties
imposed by the Chinese government for having failed to complete the filing obligations required by the Trial Administrative Measures. 

On February 17, 2023, the China Securities Regulatory
Commission (the CSRC promulgated the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Companies (the Trial Administrative Measures ), which took effect on March 31, 2023. Compared to the Draft Rules, the Trial
Administrative Measures further clarified and emphasized several aspects, including: (i) comprehensive determination of the indirect
overseas offering and listing by Mainland China domestic companies in compliance with the principle of substance over form 
and particularly, an issuer will be required to go through the filing procedures under the Trial Administrative Measures if the following
criteria are met at the same time: a) 50 or more of the issuer s operating revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as
documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent accounting year is accounted for by Mainland China domestic
companies, and b) the main parts of the issuer s business activities are conducted in Mainland China, or its main places of business
are located in Mainland China, or the senior managers in charge of its business operation and management are mostly Chinese citizens or
domiciled in Mainland China; (ii) exemptions from immediate filing requirements for issuers that a) have already been listed or registered
but not yet listed in foreign securities markets, including U.S. markets, prior to the effective date of the Trial Administrative Measures,
and b) are not required to re-perform the regulatory procedures with the relevant overseas regulatory authority or the overseas stock
exchange, c) whose such overseas securities offering or listing shall be completed before September 30, 2023. However, such issuers shall
carry out filing procedures as required if they conduct refinancing or are involved in other circumstances that require filing with the
CSRC; (iii) a negative list of types of issuers banned from listing overseas, such as issuers under investigation for bribery and corruption;
(iv) regulation of issuers in specific industries; (v) issuers compliance with national security measures and the personal data
protection laws; and (vi) certain other matters such as: an issuer must file with the CSRC within three business days after it submits
an application for initial public offering to competent overseas regulators; and subsequent reports shall be filed with the CSRC on material
events, including change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer(s) who have completed overseas offerings and listings.
Our PRC counsel advised that because our common stock currently trades in the U.S., we were not required to submit filings to the CSRC
before the Offering was completed and the Offering was not conditioned on CSRC approval. Rather, within three days of the closing of the
Offering, we are required to submit filings to the CSRC in accordance with the Trial Administrative Measures. According to the relevant
provisions of the Trial Administrative Measures and its supporting guidelines, the Company was advised that it was required to fulfill
the filing procedures with the CSRC within three days of the closing of the Offering. According to the Trial Administrative Measures,
the Company has submitted the filing materials to the CSRC, but the materials were not complete due to lack of a commitment letter from
the lead underwriter for the Offering, and the Company withdrew the filing from the CSRC. 

On May 7, 2024, the CSRC issued the Regulatory
Rules Application Guidelines, Category 7 for Overseas Issuance and Listing: Regulatory Requirements for Domestic Enterprises Transferring
from Overseas OTC Markets to Overseas Stock Exchanges for Overseas Issuance and Listing. The CSRC stated that, according to Articles
1 and 2 of the Trial Administrative Measures, overseas issuance and listing refer to activities related to issuing and listing on overseas
stock exchanges, and the listing of domestic enterprises on overseas OTC markets does not fall within the scope of filing requirements.
Article 16 of the Trial Administrative Measures stipulates that an issuer s initial public offering or listing overseas shall
be filed with the CSRC within three working days after the submission of the application documents for issuance and listing overseas 
domestic enterprises transferring to overseas stock exchanges for listing should file with the CSRC within three working days after submitting
the application documents for transfer listing overseas, in accordance with the relevant requirements for the initial public offering
and listing overseas. Additionally, according to the Notice on Filing Management Arrangements for Domestic Enterprises Overseas
Issuance and Listing, Mainland China domestic enterprises that submitted transfer listing application documents overseas but have
not been approved by overseas regulatory authorities or overseas stock exchanges by March 31, 2023, the effective date of the Trial Administrative
Measures, should complete the filing procedures before the overseas listing transfer is completed. 

16 

The CSRC has determined that we have failed to
comply with the filing obligations imposed by the Trial Administrative Measures. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, the Company
has not received any notice of penalty from the CSRC. Management will closely monitor any notice or action from CSRC. We have engaged
a PRC counsel, K H LAW FIRM, LLP (Chengdu), to complete the required filings with the CSRC and will submit the filing materials when
ready. However, given that the Trial Administrative Measures were recently promulgated, there remain substantial uncertainties as
to their interpretation, application, and enforcement and there is no guarantee that we can complete our filing obligations under the
Trial Administrative Measures within a reasonable time. Furthermore, if the CSRC determines that there are misrepresentation, misleading
statement or material omission in the materials we submit to the CSRC, the CSRC would have the right to order rectification, issue a warning
and impose a fine on us of between RMB 1 million and RMB 10 million and issuing a warning to the parties responsible for such failure,
misrepresentation or material omission and impose a fine on each of such individuals ranging from RMB 500,000 to RMB 5 million. Our operations
may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. 

We cannot guarantee that our Repurchase
Program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Repurchases of shares of our common stock
could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our common stock and could diminish our cash reserves. 

On July 2, 2024, the Board of the Company approved
and authorized a stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program ), pursuant to which the Company intends to repurchase
up to 15 million of its common stock, from time to time, for a purchase price of not less than 1.50 per share and not more than 4 per
share, in the open market or privately negotiated transactions, with Westpark Capital, Inc. Westpark as the exclusive
agent for the Repurchase Program. The Repurchase Program commenced on July 1, 2024, and will terminate on the date to be determined by
the Board. The Repurchase Program does not have a fixed expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The Repurchase
Program will be terminated automatically upon the date that the aggregate purchases under the Repurchase Program reach 15 million.
Pursuant to the Repurchase Program, the Company is not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares of its common stock and shall
not repurchase more than 25 of the average daily volume of its stock over the previous 20 trading days. The timing, manner, price, and
amount of any repurchases will be determined by us at our discretion and will depend on a variety of factors, including business, economic
and market conditions, prevailing stock prices, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other considerations. We cannot guarantee that
the Repurchase Program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The Repurchase
Program could also affect the trading price of our common stock and increase volatility, and any announcement of a reduction, suspension
or termination of the Repurchase Program may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock. In addition, repurchasing
our common stock could diminish our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities available to fund working capital, repayment of
debt, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, investments, or business opportunities, and other general corporate purposes, which
may adversely affect our result of operations and financial condition. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

None 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

. 

17 

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Director Offer Letter (1) 

10.2 
 
 Form of the Executive Officer Agreement (2) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of The Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15(d)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of The Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15(d)-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of The Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of The Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 1, 2024. 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 12, 2024. 

18 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

By: 
 /s/ Zongyi Lian 
 
 Date: November 14, 2024 
 
 Zongyi Lian 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Xing Tang 
 
 Date: November 14, 2024 
 
 Xing Tang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022106801ex31-1_wetouch.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Zongyi Lian, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Wetouch Technology Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Zongyi Lian 

Name: 
 Zongyi Lian 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022106801ex31-2_wetouch.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Xing Tang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Wetouch Technology Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Xing Tang 

Name: 
 Xing Tang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022106801ex32-1_wetouch.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Wetouch
Technology Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Quarterly Report ), I, Zongyi Lian, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive
Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 

(1) the Quarterly Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a), or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in
the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of
the dates and for the periods expressed in the Quarterly Report. 

This certification shall not be deemed filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Zongyi Lian 

Name: 
 Zongyi Lian 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022106801ex32-2_wetouch.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Wetouch
Technology Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Quarterly Report ), I, Xing Tang, as Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that: 

(1) the Quarterly Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a), or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the information contained in
the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of
the dates and for the periods expressed in the Quarterly Report. 

This certification shall not be deemed filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Xing Tang 

Name: 
 Xing Tang 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 weth-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 weth-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 weth-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 weth-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 weth-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

