<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1477960_0001477932-24-007461.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2171434</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>45777</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>448237</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>470343</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>508066</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>656646</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007461.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119163459
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007461
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001477960
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				263670551
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56634
		FILM NUMBER:		241476724

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 NORTH GOULD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE R
		CITY:			SHERIDAN
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			82801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		307-216-4405

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 NORTH GOULD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE R
		CITY:			SHERIDAN
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			82801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Blue Chip Technologies Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hermes Jets, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007461.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 cbbb_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

cbbb_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Quarterly Period Ended: OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Transition Period From ____________ to ____________. Commission file number (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) Registrant s telephone number Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 14, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. CATALYST CREW TECHNOLOGIES CORP. FORM 10-Q Index PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements. 4 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 4 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 5 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 6 CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (UNAUDITED) 7 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 8 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. 15 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 18 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 18 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 19 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 19 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 19 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 19 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 19 Item 5. Other Information. 19 Item 6. Exhibits. 20 2 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other publicly available documents, including the documents incorporated herein by reference, contain, and our officers and representatives may from time to time make, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: anticipate, believe, expect, future, likely, may, plan, seek, will and similar references to future periods actions or results. Examples of forward-looking statements include our prospects for one or more future material transactions, potential sources of financing, and expenses for future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences may include, but are not limited to, those described under the heading Risk Factors which may be included in the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 as previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements in order to reflect events or circumstances that may subsequently arise. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by the Company in this report and in the Company s other reports filed with the Commission that advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect the Company s business. 3 Table of Contents PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements. C atalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash Total current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Notes payable - related party Notes payable Convertible notes payable Total current liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' deficit Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023, respectively Series A Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023, respectively Series B Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023, respectively Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements 4 Table of Contents Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) For the three months For the nine months September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Revenue Operating expenses General and administrative Professional fees Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other expenses Interest expense Total expenses Net loss before tax provision Tax provision Net loss Net loss per common share - basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements 5 Table of Contents Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss Shares issued for services Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net cash used in continuing operating activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from loans payable, related parties Proceeds from notes payable Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Shares issued for intangible assets See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements 6 Table of Contents Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT (Unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, December 31, 2023 Share-based compensation - Net loss - Balance, March 31, 2024 Share-based compensation - Net loss - Balance, June 30, 2024 Net loss - Balance, September 30, 2024 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance, December 31, 2022 Net loss - Balance, March 31, 2023 Stock issued for intangible assets Net loss - Balance, June 30, 2023 Stock issued for services Net loss - Balance, September 30, 2023 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed financial statements 7 Table of Contents Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP.) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 restricted shares of the 2. Buyer s common stock to Seller. On May 26, 2023, the Company changed its name to Blue Chip Technologies Corporation. On September 18, 2023, the Company received notice of resignation from Mr. Andrew Gaudet from the positions of President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary. Mr. Gaudet retained his position as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. Effective the same day, the Company entered into an Executive Employment with Gurneet Kaur whereby Ms. Kaur agreed to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, and as Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors. On the same day, and pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement, Ms. Kaur acquired shares of common stock from Nitish Sharma. Accordingly, Ms. Kaur now owns restricted shares of our common stock, which represents approximately of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock. On June 5, 2024, Ms. Kaur sold, by way of Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA ), restricted shares of the Company s common stock to Waqas Nakhwa. As a result of this SPA, Nakhwa is now deemed our controlling shareholder by virtue of his purchase of the Shares and holds of our total voting stock. Additionally, on June 7, 2024, the Company received notice of resignation from Ms. Kaur from the positions of President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director of the Company. Ms. Kaur s resignation was not the result of any disagreements between Ms. Kaur and the Company relating to the Company s operations, policies, or practices. Effective immediately upon the resignation of Ms. Kaur, the Company s Board of Directors appointed Mr. Nakhwa to serve as President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors to serve until the next annual meeting of the Company or until his respective successor is duly appointed. Mr. Nakhwa accepted all such appointments, effective as of June 7, 2024. 8 Table of Contents Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP.) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 . On June 11, 2024, as a result of this change in management, the Company s Board of Directors voted to (i) cease all prior operations of the Company involving big data analytics software for use in the gaming and financial technology industries, (ii) relinquish and disavow any and all interest in existing subsidiaries as of June 11, 2024 and (iii) amend the Company s Articles of Incorporation to change the name of the Company to Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. to more accurately reflect the Company s new business direction. The Company will endeavor to affect the name change in near future or at such time management deems the name change appropriate. In the interim period until we affect this proposed name change, we will be operating as Catalyst Crew Technologies. On July 1, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a Change to its Articles of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of Nevada to change the Company s corporate name to Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. BASIS OF PRESENTATION The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Management is of the opinion that all necessary adjustments have been made to make these interim consolidated financial statements not misleading. and accumulated deficits of . These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. We are entirely dependent on our ability to attract and receive funding from either the sale of securities or outside sources such as private investment or a strategic partner. We currently have no firm agreements or arrangements with respect to any such financing and there can be no assurance that any needed funds will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient funding of our operations in the future will restrict our ability to grow and reduce our ability to continue to conduct business operations. Our failure to raise additional funds will adversely affect our business, and may require us to suspend our operations, which in turn may result in a loss to the purchasers of our common stock. If we are unable to obtain necessary financing, we will likely be required to curtail our development plans. Any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our then existing stockholders. Cash and Cash Equivalents 9 Table of Contents Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP.) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 Stock-based compensation Concentration of Credit Risk Earnings per share Revenue Recognition Fair Value of Financial Instruments 10 Table of Contents Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP.) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 11 Table of Contents Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP.) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 During the nine ended September 30, 2024, the Company has issued various promissory notes amounting to for general operating purposes. The notes carry an interest rate of and are due upon demand. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively. 12 Table of Contents Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP.) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded interest expense of and , respectively. and , respectively. The notes carry an interest rate of and are due upon demand. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded interest expense of and respectively. Asset Purchase Agreement On June 9, 2024, the Company entered into an Asset Transfer Agreement with it CEO Mr. Nakhwa pursuant to which Mr. Nakhwa assigned to the Company all of Mr. Nakhwa s interest in Facial Recognition Technology (FRT) solutions and intellectual property associated therewith in exchange for . The Company evaluated the Asset Purchase Agreement in accordance with ASC 805 Business Combinations which notes the threshold requirements of a business combination that includes the expanded definition of a business and defines elements that are to be present to be determined whether an acquisition of a business occurred. No activities of the acquiree were acquired. Instead, the Company obtained control of a set of inputs (the acquired assets). Thus, the Company determined agreement is an acquisition of assets, not an acquisition of a business in accordance with ASC 805. Additionally, . and shares of common stock issued and outstanding (Post split). On July 1, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors approved a . the financial statements have not been retroactively restated to reflect the split. On October 12, 2023, the Board of Directors authorize an amendment to the articles of Incorporation to specifically increase the authorized shares to One Billion ), consisting of; (i) Seven Hundred Million ) shares of Common Stock, par value per share, Three Hundred Million ) shares of preferred stock, par value per share which are issuable in one or more Series; to designate preferred shares as Series A Preferred Stock and, (iv) to designate preferred shares as Series B Preferred Stock. 13 Table of Contents Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp. (FKA BLUE CHIP TECHNOLOGIES CORP.) NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND DECEMBER 31, 2023 of the Original Issue Price, payable by the Board of Directors in quarterly installments. The Dividends shall cease to accrue on shares of Series A Preferred Stock on the date of any Conversion, as set forth herein. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible at the option of the holder after the One (1) Year anniversary of the Issuance Date, into a number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing (i) the total number of Series A Preferred Shares being converted by (ii) the Conversion Price (the Conversion Ratio ). The conversion price for the Series A Preferred Stock (the Conversion Price shall be equal to per share, which may be adjusted from time to time as hereinafter provided. Series B Preferred Stock shall rank senior to all Common Stock and pari passu to the Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible at the option of the Holder thereof at any time, and from time to time, from and after the One (1) Year anniversary of the Issuance Date, into a number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing (i) the total number of Series B Preferred Shares being converted by (ii) the Conversion Price The conversion price for the Series B Preferred Stock (the Conversion Price shall be equal to per share, which may be adjusted from time to time. Series B Preferred Stock shall not have the right to vote on any matters, questions, or proceedings of this Corporation. Holders of the Series B Preferred Stock must hold their Preferred shares for a period one (1) year from the Issuance Date prior to converting their Series B Preferred Shares to Common Shares. Following the expiration of the Hold Period, the Corporation shall issue to the Holders bonus shares of the Corporation s Common Stock in such amount to be the number of Series B Preferred held by each Holder by (ii) ). The Board of Directors shall have the authority, in its discretion, to grant the Bonus Shares to the Holders. Each Bonus Share shall constitute a transfer of a restricted Common Share to the Holder, without other payment therefor, as a bonus to the Holder. On September 22, 2023, the Company issued restricted shares of common stock (Post split) valued at based on the stock price on the date of the agreement to the Company s CEO for services beginning October 1, 2023 and ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, of the value of the issuance was recoded to compensation cost, of which was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 14 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements regarding the Company, its business prospects and its results of operations that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties posed by many factors and events that could cause the Company s actual business, prospects and results of operations to differ materially from those that may be anticipated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect our view only as of the date of this report. The Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievement. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or correct any forward-looking statements. Results of Operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Revenues We earned no revenues for three ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. Operating Expenses We incurred 33,668 in operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 2,939,764 in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in operating expenses is the result of the decrease in stock-based compensation during the three months ended September 30, 2024. We expect our operating expenses will increase in future years as a result of the costs associated with the increased operating activity under our business model. Other Income/Expenses We had other expenses of 9,813 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to other income of 1,428 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in other expenses was the result of interest expense incurred on additional debt incurred during the period. Net Loss We recorded a net loss of 43,481 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss 2,938,336 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net loss was associated with the factors discussed above. Results of Operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Revenues We earned no revenues for nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. Operating Expenses We incurred 2,315,892 in operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 2,959,488 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in operating expenses is the result of the decrease in stock-based compensation during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We expect our operating expenses will increase in future years as a result of the costs associated with the increased operating activity under our business model. Other Income/Expenses We had other expenses of 27,716 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to other income of 15,460 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in other expenses was the result of interest expense incurred on additional debt incurred during the period. 15 Table of Contents Net Loss We recorded a net loss of 2,343,608 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a net loss 2,974,948 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net loss was associated with the factors discussed above. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our financing objective is to maintain financial flexibility to meet the material, equipment and personnel needs to support our project commitments, and pursue our expansion and diversification objectives. As of September 30, 2024, we had total current assets of 0 and total current liabilities of 647,971. We had a working capital deficit of 647,971 as of September 30, 2024. Net cash used by operating activities was 57,221 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 28,825 cash used for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our negative operating cash flow for both periods was our net losses, as adjusted to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities. Financing activities provided 57,221 in cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with 28,825 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Our positive financing cash flow for 2024 and 2023 mainly consisted of proceeds from notes. Critical Accounting Policies This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported values of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported levels of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. Below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical to an understanding of our financial condition and operating results and that may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters which are inherently uncertain. A discussion of our significant accounting policies, including further discussion of the accounting policies described below, can be found in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of our Consolidated Financial Statements. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents to the extent the funds are not being held for investment purposes. Intangible assets The Company follows Financial Accounting Standard Board s (FASB) Codification Topic 350-10 ASC 350-10 ), Intangibles Goodwill and Other . According to this statement, intangible assets with indefinite lives are no longer subject to amortization, but rather an annual assessment of impairment by applying a fair-value based test. Under ASC 350-10, the carrying value of assets are calculated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows. 16 Table of Contents Stock-based compensation The Company follows ASC 718-10, Stock Compensation , which addresses the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services, with a primary focus on transactions in which an entity obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions. ASC 718-10 is a revision to SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, and supersedes Accounting Principles Board APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and its related implementation guidance. ASC 718-10 requires measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award (with limited exceptions). Incremental compensation costs arising from subsequent modifications of awards after the grant date must be recognized. Concentration of Credit Risk The Company has no off-balance-sheet concentrations of credit risk such as foreign exchange contracts, options contracts or other foreign hedging arrangements. The Company maintains all of its cash balances with two financial institutions in the form of demand deposits. Earnings per share The Company follows ASC Topic 260 to account for the earnings per share. Basic earnings per common share EPS calculations are determined by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per common share calculations are determined by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding. During periods when common stock equivalents, if any, are anti-dilutive they are not considered in the computation. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue from its contracts with customers in accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company recognizes revenues when satisfying the performance obligation of the associated contract that reflects the consideration expected to be received based on the terms of the contract. Revenue related to contracts with customers is evaluated utilizing the following steps: (i) Identify the contract, or contracts, with a customer; (ii) Identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) Determine the transaction price; (iv) Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; (v) Recognize revenue when the Company satisfies a performance obligation. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company measures fair value in accordance with ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurements. ASC 820 defines fair value and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurements. ASC 820 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by ASC 820 are: Level 1 - Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. Level 2 - Inputs (other than quoted market prices included in Level 1) are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability through correlation with market data at the measurement date and for the duration of the instrument s anticipated life. Level 3 - Inputs reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and the risk inherent in the inputs to the model. Valuation of instruments includes unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities. 17 Table of Contents As defined by ASC 820, the fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale, which was further clarified as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability an exit price in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date The reported fair values for financial instruments that use Level 2 and Level 3 inputs to determine fair value are based on a variety of factors and assumptions. Accordingly, certain fair values may not represent actual values of the Company s financial instruments that could have been realized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 or that will be recognized in the future, and do not include expenses that could be incurred in an actual settlement. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, receivables from related parties, prepaid expenses and other, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and related party and third-party notes payables approximate fair value due to their relatively short maturities. The Company s notes payable approximates the fair value of such instrument based upon management s best estimate of terms that would be available to the Company for similar financial arrangements on September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required under this Item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company s management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Management does not believe that there are significant deficiencies in the design or operation of the Company s internal controls that could adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data. 18 Table of Contents PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. None. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required under this Item. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not Applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. 19 Table of Contents ITEM 6 - EXHIBITS 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By-Laws 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer 32.2 Certifications of Chief Financial Officer 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document# 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema# 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase# 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase# 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase# 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase# 104. Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document) - Previously filed with our Form 10-12G submitted to the Commission on June 14, 2024. # The XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing or document. 20 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. CATALYST CREW TECHNOLOGIES CORP. (Registrant) Date: November 19, 2024 By: /s/ Waqas Nakhwa Waqas Nakhwa President, CEO, Principal Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chairman, CFO (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Quarterly Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signatures Title(s) Date /s/ Waqas Nakhwa Director and President, CEO, Principal Executive Officer, November 19, 2024 Waqas Nakhwa Treasurer, Chairman, CFO (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cbbb_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbbb_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Waqas Nakhwa , of Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp . (the Registrant , certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/ Waqas Nakhwa 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cbbb_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbbb_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Waqas Nakhwa , of Catalyst Crew Technologies Corp . (the Registrant , certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/ Waqas Nakhwa 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cbbb_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbbb_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of the registrant certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/ Waqas Nakhwa 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cbbb_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 cbbb_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of the registrant certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the registrant. Dated: November 19, 2024 /s/ Waqas Nakhwa 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cbbb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cbbb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cbbb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cbbb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

