<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1601548_0001601548-24-000021.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6115455</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99074</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1058627</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2273322</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1277327</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1272672</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001601548-24-000021.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104160554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001601548-24-000021
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240927
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			V2X, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001601548
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-FACILITIES SUPPORT MANAGEMENT SERVICES [8744]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				383924636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36341
		FILM NUMBER:		241423482

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7901 JONES BRANCH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(571) 481-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7901 JONES BRANCH DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			MCLEAN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vectrus, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140408

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Exelis MSCO Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001601548-24-000021.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 vec-20240927.htm
 10-Q

vec-20240927 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities Registered Under Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

Table of Contents 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 
 As of October 29, 2024, there were shares of common stock 0.01 par value per share) outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

V2X, INC. 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page No. PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 4 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of (Loss) Income 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes to Shareholders' Equity 
 8 
 Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 10 
 Note 2. Recent Accounting Standards Update 
 11 
 Note 3. Revenue 
 11 
 Note 4. Receivables 
 14 
 Note 5. Debt 
 14 
 Note 6. Derivative Instruments 
 16 
 Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies 
 17 
 Note 8. Stock-Based Compensation 
 18 
 Note 9. Income Taxes 
 19 
 Note 10. Earnings Per Share 
 19 
 Note 11. Post-Employment Benefit Plans 
 20 
 Note 12. Sale of Receivables 
 20 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 30 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 31 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 31 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 32 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 32 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 32 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 32 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 32 
 Signatures 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

V2X, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, September 27, September 29, (In thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Selling, general, and administrative expenses Operating income Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income (loss) from operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Earnings (loss) per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 V2X, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (UNAUDITED) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, September 27, September 29, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Changes in derivative instruments: Net change in fair value of interest rate swaps ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net change in derivative instruments ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 V2X, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 September 27, December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 Assets Current assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Right-of-use assets Other non-current assets Total non-current assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable Compensation and other employee benefits Short-term debt Other accrued liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Deferred tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders' equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 V2X, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of cloud computing arrangements Impairment of non-operating long-lived asset Loss on disposal of property, plant, and equipment Stock-based compensation Deferred taxes ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Loss on extinguishment of debt Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables ) Other assets ) Accounts payable Compensation and other employee benefits ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of capital assets ) ) Proceeds from the disposition of assets Acquisitions of businesses ) Distribution from joint venture Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from revolver Repayments of revolver ) ) Proceeds from stock awards and stock options Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Prepayment premium on early redemption of debt ) Payments of employee withholding taxes on stock-based compensation ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Exchange rate effect on cash ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Purchase of capital assets on account 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 V2X, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES TO SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 Common Stock Issued Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Shareholders' Equity (In thousands) Shares Amount Retained Earnings Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized loss on cash flow hedge ) ) Employee stock awards and stock options Taxes withheld on stock compensation awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge Employee stock awards and stock options Taxes withheld on stock compensation awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at June 30, 2023 Net income ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge Employee stock awards and stock options Taxes withheld on stock compensation awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at September 29, 2023 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 V2X, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES TO SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 Common Stock Issued Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Shareholders' Equity (In thousands) Shares Amount Retained Earnings Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge Employee stock awards and stock options Taxes withheld on stock compensation awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at March 29, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized loss on cash flow hedge ) ) Employee stock awards and stock options Taxes withheld on stock compensation awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at June 28, 2024 ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized loss on cash flow hedge ) ) Employee stock awards and stock options Taxes withheld on stock compensation awards ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at September 27, 2024 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 NOTE 1 
 segment and delivers a comprehensive suite of integrated solutions and critical service offerings across the operations and logistics, aerospace, training and technology markets to national security, defense, civilian and international clients. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires or unless stated otherwise, references in these notes to "V2X", "we," "us," "our," combined company , "the Company" and "our Company" refer to V2X, Inc. and all of its consolidated subsidiaries, taken together as a whole. 
 , , , and shares, respectively, of income or losses from HDSS, J J, ServCore, and Inuksuk are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). These investments are recorded in other non-current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 When cash distributions are received by the Company from its equity method investments, the cash distribution is compared to cumulative earnings and cumulative cash distributions. Cash distributions received are recorded as a return on investment in operating cash flows within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows to the extent cumulative cash distributions are less than cumulative earnings. Any cash distributions in excess of cumulative earnings are recorded as a return of investment in investing cash flows within the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company's combined investment balance was million and million, respectively. The Company's proportionate share of income from equity method investments was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, respectively, and a loss of million and income of million for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023 , respectively. 
 Restricted Cash 
 As of September 27, 2024, the Company had total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of million which included million of restricted cash. The Company's restricted cash was million as of December 31, 2023. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

As of September 27, 2024, the Company had total capitalized CCA implementation costs, net of accumulated amortization, of million included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other non-current assets. 
 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 
 Prepaid expenses Prepaid taxes Other Total 
 Related Party Transactions 
 During the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, the Company recorded income and income of million, respectively, and million and million of income for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023, respectively, related to a Transition Services Agreement with Crestview Aerospace LLC (Crestview). The income was recorded as a reduction in cost of revenue. Crestview is a subsidiary of American Industrial Partners Capital Fund VI, L.P. (AIP), an affiliate of the majority shareholder of the Company. 
 
 NOTE 2 
 
 NOTE 3 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 or less with annual (or less) option periods. The number of option periods varies by contract, and there is no guarantee that an option period will be exercised. The right to exercise an option period is at the sole discretion of the U.S. government when the Company is the prime contractor or of the prime contractor when the Company is a subcontractor. The Company expects to recognize a substantial portion of its performance obligations as revenue within the next 12 months. However, the U.S. government or the prime contractor may cancel any contract at any time through a termination for convenience or for cause. Substantially all the Company's contracts have terms that would permit recovery of all or a portion of the Company's incurred costs and fees for work performed in the event of a termination for convenience. 
 
 As of September 27, 2024, the Company expects to recognize approximately and of these remaining performance obligations as revenue in 2024 and 2025, respectively. 
 Contract Estimates 
 The impact of adjustments in contract estimates on the Company's operating income can be reflected in either revenue or cost of revenue. Cumulative adjustments for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024 were favorable by million and million, respectively. Cumulative adjustments for the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023 were favorable by million and million, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, the net adjustments to operating income increased revenue by million and million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023, the net adjustments to operating income increased revenue by million and million, respectively. 
 Revenue by Category 
 Generally, the sales price elements for the Company's contracts are cost-plus, cost-reimbursable, firm-fixed-price and time-and-materials, all of which are commonly identified with a single contract. 
 On a cost-plus contract, the Company is paid allowable incurred costs plus a profit, which can be fixed or variable depending on the contract s fee arrangement, up to funding levels predetermined by the Company's customers. The Company does not bear the risks of unexpected cost overruns, provided that incurred costs do not exceed the predetermined funded amounts. Most of the Company's cost-plus contracts also contain a firm-fixed-price element. Cost-plus contracts with award and incentive fee provisions are primarily variable contract fee arrangements. Award fees provide for a fee based on actual performance relative to contractually specified performance criteria. Incentive fees are based on the relationship between total allowable and target cost. 
 Most of the Company's contracts include a cost-reimbursable element to capture costs of consumable materials required for the program. Typically, these costs do not bear fees. 
 On a firm-fixed-price contract, the Company agrees to perform the contractual statement of work for a predetermined contract price. A firm-fixed-price contract typically offers higher profit margin potential than a cost-plus contract, which is commensurate with the greater levels of risk assumed on a firm-fixed-price contract. Although a firm-fixed-price contract generally permits retention of profits if the total actual contract costs are less than the estimated contract costs, the Company bears the risk that increased or unexpected costs may reduce profit or cause the Company to sustain losses on the contract. Although the overall scope of work required under the contract may not change, profit may be adjusted as experience is gained and as efficiencies are realized or costs are incurred. 
 On a time-and-materials contract, the Company is reimbursed for labor at fixed hourly rates and generally reimbursed separately for allowable materials, costs and expenses at cost. For this contract type, the Company bears the risk that labor costs and allocable indirect expenses are greater than the fixed hourly rate defined within the contract. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Firm-fixed-price ) Time-and-materials ) ) Total revenue 
 Revenue by geographic region in which the contract is performed is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, September 27, September 29, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change United States Middle East Asia Europe ) ) Total revenue 
 Revenue by contract relationship is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, September 27, September 29, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Prime contractor Subcontractor Total revenue 
 Revenue by customer is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, September 27, September 29, (In thousands) 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Army Navy Air Force ) ) Other ) Total revenue 
 Contract Balances 
 The timing of revenue recognition, billings, and cash collections results in billed and unbilled accounts receivable (contract assets) and customer advances and deposits (contract liabilities) on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms at periodic intervals (e.g., biweekly or monthly). Generally, billing occurs subsequent to revenue recognition, resulting in contract assets. However, the Company may receive advances or deposits from its customers before revenue is recognized, resulting in contract liabilities. These advance billings and payments are not considered significant financing components because they are frequently intended to ensure that both parties are in conformance with the primary contract terms. These assets and liabilities are reported on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million. As of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had contract assets of million and million, respectively. Contract assets primarily consist of unbilled receivables which represent rights to consideration for work completed but not billed as of the reporting date. The balance of unbilled receivables consists of costs and fees that are: (i) billable immediately; (ii) billable on contract completion; or (iii) billable upon other specified events, such as the resolution of a request for equitable adjustment. Refer to Note 4, Receivables for additional information regarding the composition of the Company's receivable balances. As of January 1, 2023, the Company had contract liabilities of million. As of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, contract liabilities, included in other accrued liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, were million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 4 
 Unbilled receivables (contract assets) Other Total receivables 
 As of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, substantially all billed receivables were due from the U.S. government, either directly as prime contractor to the U.S. government or as subcontractor to another prime contractor to the U.S. government. Because the Company's billed receivables are with the U.S. government, the Company does not believe it has a material credit risk exposure. 
 Unbilled receivables are contract assets that represent revenue recognized on long-term contracts in excess of amounts billed as of the balance sheet date. The Company expects to bill customers for most of the September 27, 2024 contract assets during 2024. Changes in the balance of receivables are primarily due to the timing differences between performance and customers' payments. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 million (the New Term Loans), in which the New Term Loans replace or refinance in full all the existing term loans outstanding under the First Lien Term Tranche as in effect immediately prior to the amendment (the Existing Term Loans). The loans under the First Lien Credit Agreement, as amended (the First Lien Credit Agreement), amortize in an amount equal to approximately million per quarter through September 30, 2030, with the balance of million due on December 6, 2030. The replacement of the Existing Term Loans with the New Term Loans resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of million in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) for the nine months ended September 27, 2024. 
 Vertex Aerospace Services LLC (Vertex Borrower) obligations under the First Lien Credit Agreement are guaranteed by Vertex Intermediate LLC and Vertex Borrower s wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (collectively, the Guarantors), subject to customary exceptions and limitations. The Vertex Borrower s obligations under the First Lien Credit Agreement and the Guarantors obligations under the related guarantees are secured by a first priority-lien on substantially all the Vertex Borrower s and the Guarantors assets which exists on a pari passu basis with the lien held by the 2023 Credit Agreement lenders. 
 The borrowings under the First Lien Credit Agreement bear interest at rates that, at the Vertex Borrower s option, can be either a base rate, determined by reference to the greater of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) the prime lending rate, or (c) an adjusted Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) rate plus , plus a margin of per annum, or SOFR, plus a margin of per annum. As of September 27, 2024, the effective interest rate for the First Lien Credit Agreement was . 
 The First Lien Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and affirmative covenants. The First Lien Credit Agreement also includes negative covenants that limit, among other things, additional indebtedness, additional liens, sales of assets, dividends, investments and advances, prepayments of debt and mergers and acquisitions. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million, excluding deferred discount and unamortized deferred financing costs of million. The estimated fair value of the First Lien Credit Agreement as of September 27, 2024 was million. The fair value is based on observable inputs of interest rates that are currently available to us for debt with similar terms and maturities for non-public debt (Level 2). 
 2023 Credit Agreement 
 The 2023 Credit Agreement provides for million in senior secured financing, with a first lien on substantially all the Vertex Borrower s assets and consists of (a) a million revolving credit facility (2023 Revolver) (which includes (i) a million sublimit of availability for letters of credit, and (ii) a million sublimit for short-term borrowings on a swingline basis) and (b) a million term loan (2023 Term Loan). 
 The 2023 Term Loan amortizes at approximately million per quarter for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2023 through March 31, 2025, increasing to million per quarter for the fiscal quarters ending June 30, 2025 through December 31, 2027, with the balance of million due on February 28, 2028. 
 The Vertex Borrower s obligations under the 2023 Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Guarantors, subject to customary exceptions and limitations. The Vertex Borrower s obligations under the 2023 Credit Agreement and the Guarantors obligations under the related guarantees are secured by a first priority-lien on substantially all of the Vertex Borrower s and the Guarantors assets (subject to customary exceptions and limitations) which exists on a pari passu basis with the lien held by the First Lien Credit Agreement lenders. 
 The borrowings under the 2023 Credit Agreement bear interest at rates that, at the Vertex Borrower s option, can be either a base rate, determined by reference to the greater of (a) the federal funds rate plus , (b) the prime lending rate, or (c) an adjusted SOFR rate plus , plus a margin of to per annum, or adjusted SOFR, plus a margin of to per annum, in each case, depending on the consolidated total net leverage ratio of the Vertex Borrower and its subsidiaries. As of September 27, 2024, the effective interest rate for the 2023 Term Loan was . 
 Unutilized commitments under the 2023 Revolver are subject to a per annum fee ranging from to depending on the consolidated total net leverage ratio of the Vertex Borrower and its subsidiaries. 
 The Vertex Borrower is also required to pay a letter of credit fronting fee to each letter of credit issuer equal to per annum of the amount available to be drawn under each such letter of credit (or such other amount as may be mutually agreed by the Vertex Borrowers and the applicable letter of credit issuer), as well as a fee to all lenders equal to the applicable margin to SOFR of revolving credit loans times the average daily amount available to be drawn under all outstanding letters of credit. 
 The 2023 Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, which must be accurate for the Vertex Borrower to borrow under the 2023 Credit Agreement, and affirmative covenants. The 2023 Credit Agreement also includes negative covenants that limit, among other things, additional indebtedness, transactions with affiliates, additional liens, sales of assets, dividends, investments and advances, prepayments of debt, mergers and acquisitions. 
 The 2023 Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring (a) the consolidated total net leverage ratio not to exceed to 1.00 for the reporting periods ending on or after June 30, 2023, and on or prior to June 30, 2024, with a step down to to 1.00 for periods ending on or after July 1, 2024, and on or prior to December 31, 2025, with further step downs thereafter, and (b) the consolidated interest coverage ratio be at least to 1.00 commencing with the reporting period ending on June 30, 2023. 
 The 2023 Credit Agreement contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, events of bankruptcy and insolvency, failure of any guaranty or security document supporting the 2023 Credit Agreement to be in full force and effect, and a change of control. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the Vertex Borrowers may be required immediately to repay all amounts outstanding under the 2023 Credit Agreement. 
 As of September 27, 2024, there were million of outstanding letters of credit under the 2023 Revolver. Availability under the 2023 Revolver was million as of September 27, 2024. Unamortized deferred financing costs related to the 2023 Revolver of million are included in other non-current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 27, 2024. As of September 27, 2024, the fair value of the 2023 Revolver approximated the carrying value because the debt bears a floating interest rate. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million, excluding unamortized deferred financing costs of million. The estimated fair value of the 2023 Term Loan as of September 27, 2024 was million. The fair value is based on observable inputs of interest rates that are currently available to us for debt with similar terms and maturities for non-public debt (Level 2). 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 After 2028 Total 
 As of September 27, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the First Lien Credit Agreement and the 2023 Credit Agreement. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 million and million of interest rate swap contracts during the three months ended September 27, 2024 and the first six months of 2023, respectively. As of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, these contracts had notional values of million and million, respectively. These contracts are designated and qualify as effective cash flow hedges. 
 Interest rate swap designated as cash flow hedge Other accrued liabilities Interest rate swap designated as cash flow hedge Other non-current liabilities Interest rate swap designated as cash flow hedge Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) 
 The Company regularly assesses the creditworthiness of the counterparty. As of September 27, 2024, the counterparty to the interest rate swaps had performed in accordance with its contractual obligations. Both the counterparty credit risk and the Company's credit risk were considered in the fair value determination. 
 Net interest rate derivative gains of million and million were recognized in interest expense, net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) during the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, respectively. Net interest rate derivative gains of million and million were recognized in interest expense, net, in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) during the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023, respectively . The Company expects million of existing interest rate swap gains reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of September 27, 2024 to be recognized in earnings within the next 12 months. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 7 
 million and million as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, in other accrued liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for legal proceedings and for claims with respect to its U.S. government contracts as discussed below, including years where the U.S. government has not completed its incurred cost audits. Although the ultimate outcome of any legal matter or claim cannot be predicted with certainty, based on present information, including the assessment of the merits of a particular claim, the Company does not expect that any asserted or unasserted legal or contractual claims or proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on its cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. 
 U.S. Government Contracts, Investigations and Claims 
 The Company has U.S. government contracts that are funded incrementally on a year-to-year basis. Changes in government policies, priorities or funding levels through agency or program budget reductions by the U.S. Congress or executive agencies could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, the Company's contracts with the U.S. government may be terminated or suspended by the U.S. government at any time, with or without cause. Such contract suspensions or terminations could result in non-reimbursable expenses or charges or otherwise adversely affecting the Company's financial condition and results of operations. 
 Departments and agencies of the U.S. government have the authority to investigate various transactions and operations of the Company, and the results of such investigations may lead to administrative, civil or criminal proceedings, the ultimate outcome of which could be fines, penalties, repayments or compensatory or treble damages. U.S. government regulations provide that certain findings against a contractor may lead to suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracts or the loss of export privileges for a company or an operating division or subdivision. Suspension or debarment could have a material adverse effect on the Company because of its reliance on U.S. government contracts. 
 U.S. government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency, the Defense Contract Management Agency and others, routinely audit and review the Company's performance on government contracts, indirect rates and pricing practices, and compliance with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards. Accordingly, costs billed or billable to U.S. government customers are subject to potential adjustment upon audit by such agencies. The U.S. government agencies also review the adequacy of compliance with government standards for business systems, including accounting, earned value management, estimating, materials management and accounting, purchasing, and property management systems. A finding by a U.S. government agency that the Company s business systems are not adequate could adversely affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 In the performance of its contracts, the Company routinely requests contract modifications that require additional funding from U.S. government customers. Most often, these requests are due to customer-directed changes in the scope of work. While the Company is entitled to recovery of these costs under its contracts, the administrative process with the U.S. government customer may be protracted. Based on the circumstances, the Company periodically files requests for equitable adjustments (REAs) that are sometimes converted into claims. In some cases, these requests are disputed by the U.S. government customer. The Company believes its outstanding modifications, REAs and other claims will be resolved without material adverse impact to its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 8 
 Compensation costs for liability-based awards Total compensation costs, pre-tax Future tax benefit 
 As of September 27, 2024, total unrecognized compensation costs related to equity-based awards and liability-based awards were million and million, respectively, which are expected to be recognized ratably over a weighted average period of years and years, respectively. 
 Granted Exercised ) Vested ) ) Forfeited or expired ) ) Outstanding at September 27, 2024 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSUs awarded to employees vest in one-third increments on each of the three anniversary dates following the grant date subject to continued employment as described in the RSU award agreement. RSUs issued to directors are typically granted annually and vest approximately after the grant date. The fair value of each RSU grant was determined based on the closing price of V2X common stock on the date of grant. Stock compensation expense will be recognized ratably over the requisite service period of the RSU awards. 
 As of September 27, 2024, there was million of unrecognized RSU related compensation expense. 
 Total Shareholder Return Awards 
 TSR awards are performance-based cash awards that are subject to a performance period. Any payments earned are made in cash following completion of the performance period according to the achievement of specified performance goals. There were no cash-based TSR awards granted in the first nine months of 2024. As of September 27, 2024, there was million of unrecognized TSR related compensation expense. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 period based on the attainment of certain total shareholder return performance measures as compared to peer group companies, and the employee's continued service through the vesting date. The number of shares ultimately awarded, if any, can range up to of the specified target awards. If performance is below the threshold level of performance, no shares will be issued. 
 As of September 27, 2024, there was million of unrecognized PSU related compensation expense. 
 
 NOTE 9 
 million and income tax benefits of million, respectively, representing effective income tax rates of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, the Company recorded an income tax provision of million and income tax benefits of million, respectively, representing effective income tax rates of and , respectively. The effective income tax rates vary from the federal statutory rate of 21.0 mainly due to state and foreign taxes, disallowed compensation deduction under Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m), offset by available deductions not reflected in book income and income tax credits. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 As of both September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions were million. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Add: Dilutive impact of stock options Add: Dilutive impact of restricted stock units Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding Earnings (loss) per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Total 
 
 NOTE 11 
 non-qualified deferred compensation plans. Under these plans, participants are eligible to defer a portion of their compensation on a tax deferred basis. Plan investments and obligations were recorded in other non-current assets and other non-current liabilities, respectively, in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, representing the fair value related to the deferred compensation plans. Adjustments to the fair value of the plan investments and obligations are recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses. The plans assets and liabilities were million and million as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Multi-Employer Pension Plans 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, respectively, and million and million 
 
 NOTE 12 
 million with the U.S. government. Receivables sold under the MARPA Facility are without recourse for any U.S. government credit risk. 
 The Company accounts for these receivable transfers under the MARPA Facility as sales under ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing , and removes the sold receivables from its balance sheet. 
 Sale of receivables Cash collections ) ) Outstanding balance sold to MUFG 1 
 Cash collected, not remitted to MUFG 2 
 ) ) Remaining sold receivables 1 For the nine months ended September 27, 2024, the Company recorded a net cash inflow from sale of receivables of million from operating activities. 
 2 Includes the cash collected on behalf of, but not yet remitted to, MUFG as of September 27, 2024. This balance is included in other accrued liabilities as of the balance sheet date. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, the Company incurred purchase discount fees, net of servicing fees, of million and million, respectively, which are presented in other expense, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) and are reflected as cash flows from operating activities on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 21 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and the information under the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. This Quarterly Report provides additional information regarding the Company, our services, industry outlook and forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry, business and future financial results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statement Information" for further information. Amounts presented in and throughout this Item 2 are rounded and, as such, rounding differences could occur in period over period changes and percentages reported. 
 
 Overview 
 V2X is a leading provider of critical mission solutions primarily to defense clients globally. The Company operates as one segment and provides a comprehensive suite of integrated solutions and critical service offerings across the operations and logistics, aerospace, training and technology markets to national security, defense, civilian and international clients. 
 Our primary customer is the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD). For the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, the Company had total revenue of 3.2 billion and 2.9 billion, respectively, the substantial majority of which was derived from U.S. government customers. For the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, we generated approximately 42 and 41 , respectively, of our total revenue from the U.S. Army. 
 
 Executive Summary 
 Our revenue increased 80.1 million, or 8.0 , for the three months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 29, 2023. Revenue increased primarily due to organic growth on legacy programs and new program performance. Revenue from our programs in the Middle East, the U.S., and Asia increased by 40.6 million, 33.5 million, and 19.6 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from our programs in Europe of 13.6 million, during the three months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 29, 2023. 
 During the performance of long-term contracts, estimated final contract prices and costs are reviewed periodically, and revisions are made as required, which are recorded as changes in revenue and cost of revenue in the periods in which they are determined. Additionally, the fees under certain contracts may be increased or decreased in accordance with cost or performance incentive provisions which measure actual performance against established targets or other criteria. These incentive fees or penalties are included in revenue when there is sufficient information to reasonably assess anticipated contract performance. Amounts representing contract change orders or limitations in funding on contracts are recorded only if it is probable a claim will result in additional contract revenue and the amounts can be reliably estimated. Changes in estimated revenue, cost of revenue and the related effect to operating income are recognized using cumulative adjustments, which recognize in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on a contract's percentage of completion. Cumulative adjustments are driven by changes in contract terms, program performance, customer scope changes and changes to estimates in the reported period. These changes can increase or decrease operating income depending on the dynamics of each contract. 
 Further details related to consolidated financial results for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023, are contained in the "Discussion of Financial Results" section. 
 
 Significant Contracts 
 The following table reflects the contract that accounted for more than 10 of total revenue: 
 of Total Revenue Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, Contract Name 2024 2023 Logistics Civil Augmentation Program (LOGCAP) V - Kuwait Task Order 10.4 12.3 
 Revenue associated with a contract will fluctuate based on increases or decreases in the work being performed on the contract, award fee payment assumptions, and other contract modifications within the term of the contract resulting in changes to the total contract value. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The LOGCAP V - Kuwait Task Order is currently exercised through June 30, 2025, with one additional twelve-month option and one six-month option through December 31, 2026. The task ord er provides services to support the Geographical Combatant Commands and Army Service Component Commands throughout the full range of military operations in the Kuwait region. The LOGCAP V - Kuwait Task Order contributed 328.8 million a nd 360.5 million of revenue for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023 , respectively. 
 
 Backlog 
 Total backlog includes remaining performance obligations, consisting of both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding is contractually authorized and appropriated by the customer) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding is not currently contractually obligated by the customer and unexercised contract options). Total backlog excludes potential orders under IDIQ contracts and contracts awarded to us that are being protested by competitors with the GAO or in the COFC. The value of the backlog is based on anticipated revenue levels over the anticipated life of the contract. Actual values may be greater or less than anticipated. Total backlog is converted into revenue as work is performed. The level of order activity related to programs can be affected by the timing of government funding authorizations and their project evaluation cycles. Year-over-year comparisons could, at times, be impacted by these factors, among others. 
 Our contracts are multi-year contracts and typically include an initial period of one year or less with annual one-year or less option periods for the remaining contract period. The number of option periods vary by contract, and there is no guarantee that an option period will be exercised. The right to exercise an option period is at the sole discretion of the U.S. government when we are the prime contractor or of the prime contractor when we are a subcontractor. The U.S. government may also extend the term of a program by issuing extensions or bridge contracts, typically for periods of one year or less. 
 We expect to recognize a substantial portion of our funded backlog as revenue within the next 12 months. However, the U.S. government or the prime contractor may cancel any contract at any time through a termination for convenience. Most of our contracts have terms that would permit recovery of all or a portion of our incurred costs and fees for work performed in the event of a termination for convenience. 
 The following is a summary of funded and unfunded backlog: 
 September 27, December 31, (In millions) 2024 2023 Funded backlog 3,016 2,778 Unfunded backlog 9,213 10,011 Total backlog 12,229 12,789 
 Funded orders (different from funded backlog) represent orders for which funding was received during the period. We received funded orders of 3.4 billion during the nine months ended September 27, 2024, which was a decrease of 0.1 billion compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023. 
 
 Economic Opportunities, Challenges and Risks 
 The U.S. government s investment in services and capabilities in response to changing security challenges creates a complex and fluid business environment for V2X and other firms in this market. However, the U.S. continues to face substantial fiscal and economic challenges in addition to a varying political environment which could affect funding. The pace and depth of U.S. government acquisition reform and cost savings initiatives, combined with increased industry competitiveness to win long-term positions on key programs, could add pressure to revenue levels and profit margins. However, the Company expects the U.S. government will continue to place a high priority on national security and will continue to invest in affordable solutions. V2X believes that its capabilities, particularly in operations and logistics, aerospace, training and technology, should help its clients increase efficiency, reduce costs, improve readiness, and strengthen national security and, as a result, continue to allow for long-term profitable growth in the business. Further, the DoD budget remains the largest in the world and management believes the Company's addressable portion of the DoD budget offers substantial opportunity for growth. 
 The U.S. government's Fiscal Year (FY) begins on October 1 and ends on September 30. On March 23, 2024, the President signed into law the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act for FY 2024, which provided 825 billion in funding for the DoD, through September 30, 2024. On April 24, 2024, the President signed a bill providing 95 billion in additional supplemental funding for Ukraine, Israel and the Indo-Pacific region. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 The Fiscal 2025 budget request was submitted to the U.S. Congress on March 11, 2024, and requested 895 billion for National Defense, with 850 billion of the total allocated to the DoD. The Fiscal 2025 budget has not yet been approved by Congress. On September 26, 2024, the President signed into law a Continuing Resolution (CR) that funds U.S. government operations in FY 2025 at FY 2024 levels through December 20, 2024. The timing and approval of FY 2025 appropriations remains uncertain and over the coming months, Congress will need to approve or revise the Fiscal 2025 budget request through enactment of appropriations and other legislation, which would require final approval from the President to become law. Government operations under an extended CR could have potential impacts on the timing and award of new programs and contracts. 
 We anticipate the federal budget will continue to be subject to debate and compromise shaped by, among other things, heightened political tensions and the 2024 elections, the global security environment, inflationary pressures, and macroeconomic conditions. The result may be shifting funding priorities, which could have material impacts on defense spending broadly and our programs. 
 In January 2023, the statutory debt ceiling limit of 31.4 trillion was reached and on June 3, 2023, the President signed The Fiscal Responsibility Act (FRA) into law, which suspends the debt ceiling until January 1, 2025. The FRA places caps on defense and non-defense discretionary spending in FY 2024 and FY 2025. The FRA cap on discretionary spending for National Defense in FY 2024 and FY 2025 is 886 billion and 895 billion, respectively. The 95 billion in additional supplemental funding described above is not subject to the FRA caps. 
 We believe the federal and DoD budget will be shaped by many factors including economic, political, and security conditions. The result may be shifting funding priorities, which could impact DoD spending and our programs. 
 While it is difficult to predict the specific course of future defense budgets, V2X believes the core functions the Company performs are mission-essential and spending to maintain readiness, improve performance, increase service life, lower cost, and modernize digital and physical environments will continue to be a U.S. government priority. The Company's focus is on providing integrated solutions across the mission lifecycle that encompass (i) high consequence training; (ii) readiness/logistics/deployment; (iii) mission and infrastructure support, including rapid response contingency efforts; (iv) battlefield connectivity and communications; (v) maintenance, modification, repair, and overhaul of assets and aircraft; (vi) and upgrades and modernization across digital and physical environments. The Company develops and inserts operational technologies across its solutions to improve efficiency and the outcomes of its clients' missions. The Company believes this aligns with its clients' intent to utilize and harden existing equipment, infrastructure, and assets rather than executing new purchases. While customers may reduce the level of services required from us, the Company does not currently anticipate the complete elimination of these services, and the Company continues to focus on contract expansion and capturing new business opportunities. 
 However, business conditions have become more challenging and uncertain due to macroeconomic conditions, including inflation and rising interest rates, as well as recent international events. For example, global hostilities could create additional demand for our products and services, however, any such demand, and the timing and extent of any incremental contract activity resulting from that demand, remains uncertain. Further, given the current level of inflation and geopolitical factors, the Company is monitoring the impact of rising costs on its active and future contracts and its financial results, and actively evaluating opportunities for cost reductions and deleveraging. Continuing the 2023 trend, in 2024 the Company's cost-plus and cost reimbursable contracts as a percentage of total contract mix and revenue have increased as compared to the year ended 2023. The Company s earnings and profitability may vary materially depending on the total mix of contracts. To date, the Company has not experienced broad-based increases from inflation or geopolitical hostilities in the costs of its fixed-price and time and materials contracts that are material to the business. However, if the geopolitical conditions worsen or if the Company experiences greater than expected inflation in its supply chain and labor costs, then profit margins, and in particular, the profit margin from fixed-price and time and materials contracts, which represent a substantial portion of its contracts, could be adversely affected. 
 On August 16, 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes, among other provisions, changes to the U.S. corporate income tax system. While the Company does not currently anticipate any impact on its business, evaluation of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 and its requirements continues, as well as any potential impact on its business in the future. 
 The information provided above does not represent a complete list of trends and uncertainties that could impact the Company's business in either the near or long-term and should be considered along with the risk factors identified in Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and updated, as necessary, on subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and the matters identified under the caption Forward-Looking Statement Information" herein. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Secondary Public Offering 
 On September 4, 2024, we entered into an underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement), by and among the Company, Vertex Aerospace Holdco LLC (the Selling Stockholder) and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC and Robert W. Baird Co. Incorporated, as representatives to several underwriters named therein (the Underwriters), relating to the public offering of 2,000,000 shares of common stock by the Selling Stockholder (the Secondary Offering) and up to 300,000 additional shares of common stock (the Option Shares) by the Selling Stockholder at the Underwriters option at any time on or before the 30th day after the date of the Underwriting Agreement (the Option, and together with the Secondary Offering, the Offering). The Secondary Offering closed on September 6, 2024. The Company did not sell any securities in the Secondary Offering and did not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares offered by the Selling Stockholder. 
 On September 11, 2024, the Underwriters notified the Company and the Selling Stockholder that they had elected to exercise the Option in full. The offering of the Option Shares closed on September 12, 2024. All of the Option Shares were sold by the Selling Stockholder. The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the Option Shares by the Selling Stockholder in the offering. 
 During the three months ended September 27, 2024, we incurred costs of 0.6 million in connection with the Offering. These costs are included within selling, general, and administrative expenses on our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss). 
 
 DISCUSSION OF FINANCIAL RESULTS 
 Three months ended September 27, 2024, compared to three months ended September 29, 2023 
 Selected financial highlights are presented in the following table: 
 Three Months Ended Change September 27, September 29, (In thousands, except for percentages) 2024 2023 Revenue 1,081,656 1,001,507 80,149 8.0 Cost of revenue 990,220 930,828 59,392 6.4 of revenue 91.5 92.9 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 41,549 49,640 (8,091) (16.3) of revenue 3.8 5.0 Operating income 49,887 21,039 28,848 137.1 Operating margin 4.6 2.1 Interest expense, net (27,152) (30,252) 3,100 (10.2) Other expense, net (3,198) (2,024) (1,174) 58.0 Income (loss) from operations before income taxes 19,537 (11,237) 30,774 (273.9) of revenue 1.8 (1.1) Income tax expense (benefit) 4,486 (4,837) 9,323 (192.7) Effective income tax rate 23.0 43.0 Net income (loss) 15,051 (6,400) 21,451 (335.2) 
 Revenue 
 Revenue increased 80.1 million, or 8.0 , for the three months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 29, 2023. Revenue increased primarily due to organic growth on legacy programs and new program performance. Revenue from our programs in the Middle East, the U.S., and Asia, increased by 40.6 million, 33.5 million, and 19.6 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from our programs in Europe of 13.6 million. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue increased 59.4 million, or 6.4 , for the three months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 29, 2023, primarily driven by increases in revenue and changes in contract mix. 
 Selling, General, Administrative (SG A) Expenses 
 SG A expenses decreased 8.1 million, or 16.3 , for the three months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 29, 2023, primarily due to cost optimization and lower integration-related costs. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Income 
 Operating income increased 28.8 million, or 137.1 , for the three months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 29, 2023. Operating income as a percentage of revenue was 4.6 for the three months ended September 27, 2024, compared to 2.1 for the three months ended September 29, 2023, primarily driven by changes in aggregate cumulative adjustments, along with decreased SG A expenses. 
 Aggregate cumulative adjustments increased operating income by 17.3 million and 5.0 million for the three months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. The aggregate cumulative adjustments for the three months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023 related to changes in contract terms, program performance, customer changes in scope of work and changes to estimates in the reported period. 
 Nine months ended September 27, 2024, compared to nine months ended September 29, 2023 
 Selected financial highlights are presented in the following table: 
 Nine Months Ended Change September 27, September 29, (In thousands, except for percentages) 2024 2023 Revenue 3,164,403 2,922,819 241,584 8.3 Cost of revenue 2,928,858 2,685,910 242,948 9.0 of revenue 92.6 91.9 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 127,901 151,021 (23,120) (15.3) of revenue 4.0 5.2 Operating income 107,644 85,888 21,756 25.3 Operating margin 3.4 2.9 Loss on extinguishment of debt (1,998) (22,052) 20,054 (90.9) Interest expense, net (83,533) (93,946) 10,413 (11.1) Other expense, net (9,566) (2,335) (7,231) 309.7 Income (loss) from operations before income taxes 12,547 (32,445) 44,992 (138.7) of revenue 0.4 (1.1) Income tax expense (benefit) 2,896 (10,364) 13,260 (127.9) Effective income tax rate 23.1 31.9 Net income (loss) 9,651 (22,081) 31,732 (143.7) 
 Revenue 
 Revenue increased 241.6 million, or 8.3 , for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023. Revenue increased primarily due to organic growth on legacy programs and new program performance. Revenue from programs located in the Middle East, Asia, and the U.S. increased by 184.8 million, 43.2 million, and 29.8 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in revenue from programs located in Europe of 16.2 million. 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue increased 242.9 million, or 9.0 , for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023, primarily driven by increases in revenue and changes in contract mix. 
 Selling, General, Administrative (SG A) Expenses 
 SG A expenses decreased 23.1 million, or 15.3 , for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023 primarily due to cost optimization and lower integration-related costs. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income increased 21.8 million, or 25.3 , for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023. Operating income as a percentage of revenue was 3.4 for the nine months ended September 27, 2024, compared to 2.9 for the nine months ended September 29, 2023. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by decreased SG A expenses. 
 Aggregate cumulative adjustments increased operating income by 18.5 million and 27.2 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. The aggregate cumulative adjustments for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023 related to changes in contract terms, program performance, customer changes in scope of work and changes to estimates in the reported period. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net for the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023 was as follows: 
 Three Months Ended Change Nine Months Ended Change September 27, September 29, September 27, September 29, (In thousands, except for percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income 187 334 (147) (44) 776 683 93 14 Interest expense (27,339) (30,586) 3,247 (11) (84,309) (94,629) 10,320 (11) Interest expense, net (27,152) (30,252) 3,100 (10) (83,533) (93,946) 10,413 (11) 
 Interest income is related to interest earned on cash and cash equivalents. Interest expense is related to borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities, with the amortization of debt issuance costs, and derivative instruments used to hedge a portion of exposure to interest rate risk. Interest expense, net decreased 10.4 million for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 29, 2023 due to both a decrease in our debt balance, and our interest rate swap contracts. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 During the three and nine months ended September 27, 2024, we incurred purchase discount fees and other expenses of 3.2 million and 7.4 million, respectively, related to the sale of accounts receivable through the MARPA Facility. In addition, during the nine months ended September 27, 2024, we incurred a 2.2 million impairment charge on a non-operating, long-lived asset, primarily due to a decreased fair market value. During the three and nine months ended September 29, 2023, we incurred purchase discount fees and other expenses of 2.0 million and 2.1 million, respectively, related to the sale of accounts receivable through the MARPA Facility. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 We recorded an income tax provision of 4.5 million and income tax benefits of 4.8 million for the three months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, respectively. Our effective income tax rates for the three months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, were 23.0 and 43.0 , respectively. For the nine months ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, the Company recorded an income tax provision of 2.9 million and income tax benefits of 10.4 million, representing effective income tax rates of 23.1 and 31.9 , respectively. The effective income tax rates vary from the federal statutory rate of 21.0 mainly due to state and foreign taxes, disallowed compensation deduction under Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m), offset by available deductions not reflected in book income, and income tax credits. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Liquidity 
 We are not aware of any known trends, demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in, or that are reasonably likely to result in, a material decrease in our liquidity. In addition, other than items discussed, there are no known material trends, favorable or unfavorable, in our capital resources and no expected material changes in the mix of such resources. 
 Our major source of funding for 2024 and beyond will be our operating cash flow, our existing balances of cash and cash equivalents and proceeds from any issuances of debt. We believe we have sufficient liquidity to fund operations, acquisitions, capital expenditures and scheduled debt repayments. We expect to fund our ongoing working capital, capital expenditure and financing requirements and pursue additional growth through new business development and potential acquisition opportunities by using cash flows from operations, cash on hand, its credit facilities, and access to capital markets. When necessary, the 2023 Revolver and MARPA Facility are available to satisfy short-term working capital requirements. 
 If cash flows from operations are less than expected, we may need to access the long-term or short-term capital markets. Although we believe our current financing arrangements will permit financing of our operations on acceptable terms and conditions, access to and the availability of financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including: (i) our credit ratings, (ii) the liquidity of the overall capital markets, and (iii) the current state of the economy. We cannot provide assurance that such financing will be available on acceptable terms or that such financing will be available at all. 
 As of September 27, 2024, there were 15.9 million of outstanding letters of credit under the 2023 Revolver. Unamortized deferred financing costs related to the 2023 Revolver of 3.4 million are included in other non-current assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 27, 2024, the fair value of the 2023 Revolver approximated the carrying value because the debt bears a floating interest rate. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 27, 2024, the carrying value of the 2023 Term Loan portion was 242.2 million, excluding unamortized deferred financing costs of 1.7 million. The estimated fair value of the 2023 Term Loan as of September 27, 2024 was 242.3 million. The fair value is based on observable inputs of interest rates that are currently available to us for debt with similar terms and maturities for non-public debt. 
 As of September 27, 2024, the carrying value of the First Lien Credit Agreement was 904.3 million, excluding deferred discount and unamortized deferred financing costs of 31.0 million. The estimated fair value of the First Lien Credit Agreement as of September 27, 2024 was 903.2 million. The fair value is based on observable inputs of interest rates that are currently available to us for debt with similar terms and maturities for non-public debt (Level 2). 
 The cash presented on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets consists of U.S. and international cash from wholly owned subsidiaries. Approximately 19.8 million of our 59.9 million in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as of September 27, 2024 is held by foreign subsidiaries and is not available to fund U.S. operations unless repatriated. We do not currently expect to repatriate undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. We expect our U.S. domestic cash resources will be sufficient to fund our U.S. operating activities and cash commitments for financing activities. 
 Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 Cash, accounts receivable, unbilled receivables, and accounts payable are the principal components of the Company's working capital and are generally driven by revenue with other short-term fluctuations related to payment practices by customers, sales of accounts receivable through the MARPA Facility and the timing of billings. Our receivables reflect amounts billed to customers, as well as the revenue that was recognized in the preceding month, which is normally billed the month following each balance sheet date. 
 Accounts receivable balances can vary significantly over time and are impacted by revenue levels and the timing of payments received from customers. Days sales outstanding (DSO) is a metric used to monitor accounts receivable levels. We determine our DSO by calculating the number of days necessary to exhaust our ending accounts receivable balance based on our most recent historical revenue. DSO was 61 and 58 days as of September 27, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The following table sets forth net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities: 
 Nine Months Ended September 27, September 29, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Operating activities 31,103 135,175 Investing activities (27,625) (15,709) Financing activities (16,739) (155,734) Foreign exchange 1 
 467 (1,540) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (12,794) (37,808) 1 Impact on cash balances due to changes in foreign exchange rates. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 primarily consisted of cash inflows from non-cash net income items of 110.8 million, cash inflows from the sale of receivables through the MARPA Facility of 70.7 million and net income of 9.7 million, partially offset by net cash outflows in working capital accounts of 119.7 million and net cash outflows in other long-term assets and liabilities of 40.3 million. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 29, 2023 , primarily consisted of cash inflows from non-cash net income items of 140.7 million , cash inflows from the sale of receivables through the MARPA Facility of 87.9 million, partially offset by net cash outflows in working capital accounts of 44.1 million, net cash outflows in other long-term assets and liabilities of 25.8 million, and a net loss of 22.1 million. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 27, 2024 consisted of 16.9 million for the acquisition of businesses and 10.7 million of capital expenditures for the purchase of software and hardware, vehicles and equipment related to ongoing operations. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 29, 2023 consisted of 16.6 million of capital expenditures for the purchase of software and hardware, vehicles and equipment related to ongoing operations. 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 27, 2024 consisted of revolver repayments of 1.0 billion, payments for employee withholding taxes on share-based compensation of 8.0 million, repayments of long-term debt of 7.7 million, and payments for debt issuance costs of 1.2 million, partially offset by proceeds from the revolver of 1.0 billion. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 29, 2023 consisted of repayments of long-term debt of 428.8 million, revolver repayments of 669.8 million, payments for employee withholding taxes on share-based compensation of 17.9 million, and payments for debt issuance costs of 7.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from long term debt and the revolver of 250.0 million and 719.8 million, respectively. 
 Capital Resources 
 As of September 27, 2024, we held cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 59.9 million, which included 19.8 million held by foreign subsidiaries, and had 484.1 million of available borrowing capacity under the 2023 Revolver, which expires on February 25, 2028. We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as of September 27, 2024, as supplemented by operating cash flows, the 2023 Revolver, and the MARPA Facility will be sufficient to fund our anticipated operating costs, capital expenditures, and current debt repayment obligations for at least the next 12 months. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 As of September 27, 2024, commitments to make future payments under long-term contractual obligations were as follows: 
 Payments Due by Period Less than 1 year More than 5 Years (In thousands) Total 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years Operating leases 44,728 3,190 20,777 12,466 8,295 Principal payments on Vertex First Lien Credit Agreement 904,303 9,066 18,131 18,131 858,975 Principal payments on 2023 Credit Agreement 242,188 7,813 25,000 209,375 Interest on Vertex First Lien and 2023 Credit Agreements 488,668 91,892 177,299 141,840 77,637 Total 1,679,887 111,961 241,207 381,812 944,907 Includes unused funds fee and is based on the September 27, 2024 interest rate and outstanding balance. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Estimates are revised as additional information becomes available. Management believes that the accounting estimates employed, and the resulting balances, are reasonable; however, actual results in these areas could differ from management's estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition, business combinations, goodwill impairment, intangible assets, and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. There have been no material changes in the critical accounting policies and estimates from those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Part I, Item 1, Note 2 , Recent Accounting Standards Update in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding accounting pronouncements and accounting standards updates. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT INFORMATION 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and certain information incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and, as such, may involve risks and uncertainties. All statements included or incorporated by reference in this report, other than statements that are purely historical, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, will, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, could, potential, continue or similar terminology. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this report are subject to additional risks and uncertainties further identified and discussed in Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and updated, as necessary, on subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and are based on information available to us on the filing date of this report. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and we cannot predict those events or how they may affect us. 
 We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's historical experience and our present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: our ability to submit proposals for and/or win all potential opportunities in our pipeline; our ability to retain and renew our existing contracts; our ability to compete with other companies in our market; security breaches, cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions, and other disruptions to our information technology and operation; our mix of cost-plus, cost-reimbursable, firm-fixed-price and time-and-materials contracts; maintaining our reputation and relationship with the U.S. government; protests of new awards; economic, political and social conditions in the countries in which we conduct our business; changes in U.S. or international government defense budgets; government regulations and compliance therewith, including changes to the DoD procurement process; changes in technology; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; governmental investigations, reviews, audits and cost adjustments; contingencies related to actual or alleged environmental contamination, claims and concerns; delays in completion of the U.S. government budget; our success in extending, deepening, and enhancing our technical capabilities; our success in expanding our geographic footprint or broadening our customer base; our ability to realize the full amounts reflected in our backlog; impairment of goodwill; misconduct of our employees, subcontractors, agents, prime contractors and business partners; our ability to control costs; our level of indebtedness; terms of our credit agreements; inflation and interest rate risk; geopolitical risk, including as a result of recent global hostilities; our subcontractors' performance; economic and capital markets conditions; our ability to maintain safe work sites and equipment; our ability to retain and recruit qualified personnel; our ability to maintain good relationships with our workforce; our teaming relationships with other contractors; changes in our accounting estimates; the adequacy of our insurance coverage; volatility in our stock price; changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities; risks and uncertainties relating to integrating and refining internal control systems post-merger; changes in GAAP; the impact of the U.S. November 2024 presidential and congressional elections; and other factors described in Part I, "Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and described from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Earnings, cash flows and financial position are exposed to market risks relating to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. All potential changes noted below are based on information available at September 27, 2024. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Each one percentage point change associated with the variable rate Vertex First Lien Credit Agreement would result in a 7.1 million change in the related annual cash interest expenses. 
 Assuming the 2023 Revolver was fully drawn to a principal amount equal to 500.0 million, each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in a 5.1 million change in annual cash interest expense. 
 As of September 27, 2024, the notional value of the Company's interest rate swap agreements totaled 442.2 million. The difference to be paid or received under the terms of the interest rate swap agreements is accrued as interest rates change and recognized as an adjustment to interest expense for the related debt in the period incurred. Changes in the variable interest rates to be paid pursuant to the terms of the interest rate swap agreements will have a corresponding effect on future cash flows. Refer to Note 6, Derivative Instruments in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding the Company's interest rate swaps. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 The majority of our business is conducted in U.S. dollars. However, we are required to transact in foreign currencies for some of our contracts, resulting in some assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, earnings may experience volatility related to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company's management, with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 27, 2024. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 27, 2024, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the existence of a previously reported material weakness in internal control over financial reporting (ICFR) related to a subsidiary within Vertex Aerospace Services Holdings Corp (Vertex) which was acquired on July 5, 2022. The material weakness was identified and discussed in Part II, "Item 9A. Controls and Procedures of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Notwithstanding the identified material weakness, management, including our CEO (principal executive officer) and CFO (principal financial officer), believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q fairly represent in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there may be resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Remediation Efforts to Address the Material Weakness 
 Management continues to improve controls at the Company in order to remediate the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. During the first nine months of 2024, several actions were implemented at Vertex, including increasing the number of individuals responsible for implementing and monitoring controls; training individuals responsible for designing, executing, testing and monitoring controls; and enhancing documentation that evidences that controls are performed. These actions are ongoing and we will continue to make improvements during the remainder of 2024. During the second quarter of 2024, the Company began testing the design and operating effectiveness of process-level and information technology controls, that continued during the third quarter of 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Other than with respect to the matter described above, there were no changes in our ICFR during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our ICFR. 
 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings that are incidental to the operation of our business. Some of these proceedings seek remedies relating to employment matters, matters relating to injuries to people or property damage, matters in connection with our contracts and matters arising under laws relating to the protection of the environment. 
 Although the ultimate outcome of any legal matter cannot be predicted with certainty, based on present information, including our assessment of the merits of the particular claim, we do not expect that any asserted or unasserted legal claims or proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Refer to Note 7, Commitments and Contingencies , in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 31.1 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. + 
 31.2 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. + 
 32.1 
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This Exhibit is intended to be furnished in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(32)(ii) and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference. + 
 32.2 
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This Exhibit is intended to be furnished in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(32)(ii) and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference. + 
 101 The following materials from V2X, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 27, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss), (ii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes to Shareholders' Equity and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. # 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). # 
 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 + Indicates this document is filed or furnished (as applicable) as an exhibit herewith. 
 # Submitted electronically with this report. 
 The Company s Commission File Number for Reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K is 001-36341. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 V2X, INC. 
 /s/ William B. Noon By: William B. Noon 
 Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Date: November 4, 2024 
 
 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311ceocert9272024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeremy C. Wensinger, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of V2X, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 4, 2024 s Jeremy C. Wensinger Jeremy C. Wensinger President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312cfocert9272024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Shawn M. Mural, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of V2X, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 4, 2024 s Shawn M. Mural Shawn M. Mural Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321ceocert9272024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of V2X, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 27, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s Jeremy C. Wensinger Jeremy C. Wensinger President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322cfocert9272024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of V2X, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 27, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s Shawn M. Mural Shawn M. Mural Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vec-20240927.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 vec-20240927_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 vec-20240927_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 vec-20240927_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 vec-20240927_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

