<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_2020987_0001213900-24-093663.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2735756</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>59934</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>712350</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>475299</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>656811</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>785676</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-093663.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241101193320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-093663
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YHN Acquisition I Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002020987
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42251
		FILM NUMBER:		241420436

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2/F, HANG SENG BUILDING
		STREET 2:		200 HENNESSY ROAD
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			999077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 54998101

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2/F, HANG SENG BUILDING
		STREET 2:		200 HENNESSY ROAD
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			999077

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-093663.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 ea0218937-10q_yhnacq1.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

n/a (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, n/a (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

As of October 2, 2024, there were ordinary
shares of the Registrant, no par value, issued and outstanding. 

YHN ACQUISITION I LIMITED 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 19 

Item 4. 
 Control and Procedures 
 19 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 20 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 20 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 20 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 20 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 21 

SIGNATURES 
 22 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

YHN ACQUISITION I LIMITED 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 
 
 -

Total current assets 
 
 -

Cash and marketable securities held in trust 
 
 -

TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 -

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting compensation 
 
 -

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares (at redemption price of per share) 
 
 -

Shareholders Deficit: 

Ordinary shares, no par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding (1) (excluding 6,000,000 and 0 shares, subject to possible redemption), respectively 
 -

Stock subscription receivable 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 
 -

(1) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial
statements. 

1 

YHN ACQUISITION I LIMITED 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Three months ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 
 Nine months ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 

Formation and operating costs 

Other income: 

Dividend income 

Interest income 

Total other income 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary shares not subject to possible redemption (1) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, ordinary shares not subject to possible redemption 

(1) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial
statements. 

2 

YHN ACQUISITION I LIMITED 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 

Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Ordinary shares 
 Stock 
 
 Total 

No. of shares 
 Amount 
 subscription receivable 
 Accumulated deficit 
 shareholders deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Capital contribution paid 

Net loss 

Balance as of March 31, 2024 (1) 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2024 (1) 

Sale of units in initial public offering, net of offering costs 

Sale of units to the founder in private placement 

Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Subsequent remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 (1) 

(1) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial
statements. 

3 

YHN ACQUISITION I LIMITED 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Dividend income earned in cash and investments held in trust account 

() 
 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds deposited in Trust Account 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from public offering, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from private placement 

Capital contribution paid 

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Repayment to related party under promissory note 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

-

CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Deferred offering costs paid by related party 

Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Subsequent remeasurement of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Accrued underwriting compensation 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed financial
statements. 

4 

YHN ACQUISITION I LIMITED 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Public Units ), at per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of to the
Company. Each Public Unit consists of ordinary share and right Public Rights ). Each whole Public Right will entitle
the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) ordinary share upon consummation of initial business combination. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per
Private Placement Unit in a private placement to YHN Partners I Limited (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of 
to the Company. Each Private Placement Unit consists of ordinary share (the Private Placement Share and right Private
Placement Right ). Each Private Placement Right will entitle the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) ordinary share upon consummation
of the initial business combination. 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions and of other offering costs. 

The Company listed the Units on the Nasdaq Global
Market NASDAQ ). The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally
applied toward consummating a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target
businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any
deferred underwriting commissions and interest released to pay taxes payable) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement in connection
with a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires
 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, management has agreed that at least per Unit, including the proceeds of the sale of the Private
Units will be held in a trust account Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set
forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by
the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account
to the Company s shareholder, as described below. 

5 

per share, plus any pro
rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The
per-share amount to be distributed to shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 7). The ordinary shares subject to redemption will be recorded at
a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . 

The Company will proceed with a Business Combination
if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks
shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote
is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant
to its Memorandum and Articles of Association, offer such redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in
a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

The Company s initial shareholders (the
 initial shareholders have agreed (a) to vote their founder shares, the ordinary shares included in the Private Placement
Units (the Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in
favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company s Memorandum and Articles
of Association that would stop the public shareholders from converting or selling their shares to the Company in connection with a Business
Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) unless the Company provides public shareholders with
the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash from the Trust Account in connection with any such vote; (c) not to redeem
any founder shares and Private Placement Shares as well as any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering for
cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or sell any shares in a tender offer
in connection with a Business Combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association relating to
shareholder s rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the founder shares and Private Placement Shares
shall not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the initial
shareholders will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or
after the Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. The Company will have until December 18,
2025 (the Combination Period initially to consummate a Business Combination. 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (net of taxes payable),
which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation
and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of applicable law. The underwriters have agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account
in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will
be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event
of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than . 

6 

per share (whether or not the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), except as to any claims by a third
party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third
party, the sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce
the possibility that the sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Going Concern Consideration 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash
of and a working capital of . Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied
through the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement. The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant
professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of
a Business Combination. 

The Company will have until 15 months from the
closing of the Initial Public Offering to consummate a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination,
the Company will trigger an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association. There is a possibility that business combination might not happen within the 12-month period from the date
of the auditors report. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management has determined that if the Company is unsuccessful
in consummating an initial business combination within the prescribed period of time from the closing of the IPO, the requirement that
the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt about the ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

7 

and 0 in cash as of
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023. 

and ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of
the shareholders deficit section of the Company s unaudited condensed balance sheets, respectively. 

8 

ordinary
share upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of a right redeemed all shares held by him, her or it in connection
with a Business Combination or an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association with respect
to its pre-business combination activities. In the event that the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of a Business
Combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively redeem his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth
(1/10) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the Business Combination. No additional consideration will be required to
be paid by a holder of Public Rights in order to receive his, her or its additional ordinary shares upon consummation of a Business Combination.
The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). If the
Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive
agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive
in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary share basis. 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

9 

for the periods
presented. 

10 

-

Total expenses 

Total allocation to redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary share 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

-

Total expenses 

Total allocation to redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary share 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

11 

-
 
 -

Public Units, at a purchase price of per Public Unit. Each Unit consists of ordinary share and Public Right. Each whole
Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) ordinary share upon consummation of initial business combination. 

All of the public shares sold as part
of the Public Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares
if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to
the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, or in connection with the Company s liquidation. 

12 

Private Placement Units, at a price of per Private Placement
Unit. Each Private Placement Unit consists of Private Placement Share and right Private Placement Right ). Each
Private Placement Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) ordinary share upon consummation of the initial business combination. 

The Private Placement Units are identical to the
Public Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except for certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. 

founder shares with no par value in consideration of . On December 31, 2023, the Company authorized to issue an aggregate
of founder shares with no par value to the initial shareholder, including an aggregate of ordinary shares subject to
forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so
that the initial shareholder will collectively own of the issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (excluding
the sale of the Private Units and assuming the initial shareholders do not purchase any Units in the Initial Public Offering)
(see Note 6) for an aggregate purchase price of . The underwriter did not exercise their -day option to purchase 
Units. 

Private
Placement 

The Company consummated the sale of Private
Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 
to the Company. 

Promissory note - related party 

On April 12, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of (the Promissory
Note ). The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of consummation of an initial public offering of
our securities or the date on we determine not to conduct an initial public offering of our securities. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company fully repaid
 to the Sponsor which are included in the amounts that will be due under the promissory note in the principal amount of up to
 issued to the Sponsor. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

An affiliate of the Sponsor agreed that, commencing
from the date that the Company s securities are first listed on NASDAQ through the earlier of the Company s consummation of
a Business Combination and its liquidation, to make available to the Company certain general and administrative services, including office
space, administrative and support services, as the Company may require from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay the affiliate
of the Sponsor per month for these services commencing on the closing date of this offering for 15 months. No unpaid services fee was accrued as of September 30, 2024. 

13 

ordinary shares with no par value. Holders of the Company s ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. 

As of September 30, 2024, there were ordinary shares issued
and outstanding, of which ordinary shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
option is not exercised in full and excluding ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. The underwriter did not exercise
their -day option to purchase Units. 

Rights 

Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10)
ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all shares held by it in connection
with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration will be required
to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration
related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters
into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement
will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in
the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary share basis and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert
its rights in order to receive 1/10 share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The shares issuable upon
exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company). 

Units (over and above Units referred to above)
solely to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. As of September
30, 2024, the underwriters did not exercise their -day option to purchase Units. 

The underwriters are entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or , upon the closing of the Business Combination, subject
to a minimum of . 

14 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report
(the Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to YHN Acquisition I Limited.
References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, references to the
 Sponsor refer to YHN Partners I Limited. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation,
statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding
the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, 
 seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently
available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and
results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s
registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s
securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable
securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on December 18, 2023 under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and
the sale of the private units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

On September 19, 2024, we
consummated our initial public offering IPO of 6,000,000 units (the Public Units ). Each Unit consists
of one ordinary share (the Ordinary Share and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation
of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company
of 60,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO on September 19, 2024, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement with the Sponsor of
250,000 units (the Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,500,000. These
securities (other than our IPO securities) were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended pursuant to Section 4(2) of the securities Act. 

15 

The Private Units are identical
to the units sold in the IPO except with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. Holders of the Private Units
will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 17, 2024, by and among us and the
initial shareholders, so long as the Private Units continue to be held by the Sponsor or their permitted transferees. The holders of a
majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that we register such securities. Additionally, our Sponsor has
agreed not to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described
in the Registration Statement) until 180 days after the Company completes its initial business combination. 

Our management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the initial business combination and the Private Placement,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally towards consummating a business combination. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from
inception up to September 19, 2024 was in preparation for the initial public offering. Since the initial public offering, our activity
has been limited to the evaluation of business combination candidates, and we will not be generating any operating revenues until the
closing and completion of our initial business combination. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to
increase substantially after this period. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024 we had a net income of 23,722 which was comprised of formation and operating costs expenses, dividend income and interest
income. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 we had a net loss of 17,788 which was comprised of formation and operating costs expenses, dividend income and interest
income. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 we generated net cash used in operating activities of 46,979, which was comprised of net loss of 17,788, dividend
income earned in cash and investments held in trust account of 89,366 set-off by accrued expenses of 60,145. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30,
2024, we had cash of 837,818. Until the consummation of the initial public offering, the only source of liquidity was an initial
purchase of ordinary shares by our Sponsor, monies loaned by the Sponsor under a certain unsecured promissory note and advances from
our Sponsor. 

On September 19, 2024, we
consummated the Initial Public Offering of 6,000,000 units (the Public Units ), at 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross
proceeds of 60,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 250,000 Private Units
at a price of 10.00 per unit in the Private Placement, generating gross proceeds of 2,500,000. 

Transaction costs amounted
to 2,840,203, consisting of 960,000 of underwriting fees, 1,500,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 380,203 of other offering costs.
In addition, at September 19, 2024, cash of 2,200,000 were held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the payment of offering
costs and for working capital purposes net with 60,300,000 transferred to the Trust Account on September 19, 2024. 

16 

We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete our initial
business combination (less deferred underwriting commissions). We may withdraw interest earned on the funds held in our trust account
to pay taxes. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the
trust account. We expect the interest earned on the amount in the trust account will be sufficient to pay our taxes. To the extent that
our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

Prior to the completion of
our initial business combination, we will have available to us approximately 750,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account. We will
use these funds to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to
and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

The Company s IPO prospectus
dated September 17, 2024 provides that the Company has until 15 months from the closing of the IPO to complete its initial business combination. 

If the Company does not complete
a business combination by December 19, 2025, the Company will (i) as promptly as practicable, to cease all operations except for the purpose
of making redemption and the subsequent winding up of the Company s affairs; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten (10) business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the Company s outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds
held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to the Company or necessary to pay the Company s taxes, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and its board of directors, seek to liquidate and dissolve. However,
the Company may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of its
public shareholders. In the event of dissolution and liquidation, the public rights will expire and will be worthless. 

Accordingly, the Company
may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional
measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit
of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available
to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern if a business combination is not consummated by December 19, 2025. These unaudited condensed financial statements do
not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We
do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to
as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have
not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments
of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an agreement to pay our Sponsor a monthly
fee of 10,000 for general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative services to us. We began
incurring these fees on September 19, 2024 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the business
combination and our liquidation. Also, we are committed to the below: 

17 

Registration Rights 

Pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement entered into on September 19, 2024, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units (including securities
contained therein), and units (including securities contained therein) that may be issued on conversion of working capital loans or extension
loans (and) are entitled to registration rights, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company s register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the
Company s completion of initial business combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant
to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The Company granted the underwriters
a 45-day option to purchase up to 900,000 Units (over and above 6,000,000 Units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments at
the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The underwriters are entitled
to a cash underwriting discount of 2.5 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 1,500,000, upon the closing of the Business
Combination, subject to a minimum of 500,000. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

The Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in FASB ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . Ordinary
share subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity.
At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholder s equity. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, 6,000,000 and 0 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of
the shareholders deficit section of the Company s unaudited condensed balance sheets, respectively. 

Net loss per share 

The Company
calculates net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share. In order to
determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, the Company first considered the
undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable ordinary shares and non-redeemable ordinary shares and the undistributed
income (loss) is calculated using the total net income (loss) less any dividends paid. The Company then allocated the undistributed income
(loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable ordinary shares. Any
remeasurement of the accretion to the redemption value of the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends
paid to the public stockholders. Accretion associated with the redeemable shares of ordinary share is excluded from earnings per share
as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

18 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

As of September 30, 2024,
we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net proceeds of
our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds
with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature
of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying
Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30,
2024, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial
and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in
reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of September 30, 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

19 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1 Legal Proceedings 

The Company is not party
to any legal proceedings as of the filing date of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Factors that could cause
our actual results to differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report are any of the risks described in our final prospectus for
our Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC on September 17, 2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse
effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material
changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus dated September 17, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On September 19, 2024, we
consummated our IPO of 6,000,000 Pubic Units. Each Public Unit consists of one Ordinary Share and one right to receive one-tenth
(1/10) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit,
generating aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of 60,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO on September 19, 2024, the Company consummated the Private Placement with the Sponsor of 250,000 Private Units at a price of
 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,500,000. These securities (other than our IPO securities) were issued pursuant
to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended pursuant to Section 4(2) of the securities Act. 

The Private Units are identical
to the Public Units except with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions. Holders of the Private Units will be
entitled to registration rights pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 17, 2024, by and among us and the initial
shareholders, so long as the Private Units continue to be held by the Sponsor or their permitted transferees. The holders of a majority
of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that we register such securities. Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed not
to transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration
Statement) until 180 days after the Company completes its initial business combination. 

As of September 19, 2024,
a total of 60,300,000 was held in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders, which included
 60,000,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and 300,000 of the Private Placement. 

For a description of the
use of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Quarterly Report. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

. 

20 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are
filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

21 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

YHN ACQUISITION I LIMITED 

Date: November 1, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Satoshi Tominaga 

Name: 
 Satoshi Tominaga 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021893701ex31-1_yhnacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Satoshi Tominaga, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of YHN Acquisition I Limited; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2024 

/s/ Satoshi Tominaga 

Satoshi Tominaga 

Director and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021893701ex31-2_yhnacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Yangyujia An, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of YHN Acquisition I Limited; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 1, 2024 

/s/ Yangyujia An 

Yangyujia An 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021893701ex32-1_yhnacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of YHN
Acquisition I Limited (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Satoshi Tominaga, Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 1, 2024 

/s/ Satoshi Tominaga 

Satoshi Tominaga 

Director and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021893701ex32-2_yhnacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of YHN
Acquisition I Limited (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Yangyujia An, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 1, 2024 

/s/ Yangyujia An 

Yangyujia An 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 yhn-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 yhn-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 yhn-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 yhn-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 yhn-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

