<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1385818_0001437749-24-034970.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8146661</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104261</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1296254</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2388422</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2087144</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2087905</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-24-034970.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113172028
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-24-034970
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001385818
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				470883144
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38247
		FILM NUMBER:		241455734

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7900 E. UNION AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 920
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80237
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(720) 437-6580

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7900 E. UNION AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 920
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80237

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AYTU BIOSCIENCE, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150609

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AYTU BIOSCIENCE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150609

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rosewind CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-24-034970.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 aytu20240930_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

aytu20240930_10q.htm 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from __________ to ___________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , ) 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 The Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 4 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 4 

Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 5 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 6 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 7 

Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 39 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 40 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 40 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 40 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 40 

SIGNATURES 
 41 

2

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Report on Form 10 Q Form 10-Q or this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding our anticipated future clinical and regulatory events, future financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are generally written in the future tense and/or are preceded by words such as may, will, should, forecast, could, expect, suggest, believe, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, potential, plan, or similar words, or the negatives of such terms or other variations on such terms or comparable terminology. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation: our anticipated future cash position; the planned expanded commercialization of our products and the potential future commercialization of our product candidates; our anticipated future growth rates; anticipated sales increases; anticipated net revenue increases; amounts of certain future expenses and cost of sales; our plans to acquire additional assets or dispose of assets, anticipated increases or decreases to operating expenses, and selling, general, and administrative expenses; and future events under our current and potential future collaborations. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including without limitation the risks described in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended June 30, 2024 2024 Form 10-K ), and in the reports we file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). These risks are not exhaustive. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as predictions of future events. We can provide no assurance that the events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update or supplement forward-looking statements, except as may be required under applicable law. 
 
 This Form 10-Q may refer to registered trademarks that we currently own or license, such as Aytu, Aytu BioPharma, Aytu RxConnect, Neos Therapeutics, Adzenys, Adzenys ER, Adzenys XR-ODT, Cotempla, Cotempla XR-ODT, Karbinal, Poly-Vi-Flor and Tri-Vi-Flor, which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are our property or the property of our subsidiaries. This Form 10-Q also contains trademarks, service marks, copyrights and trade names of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, our trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Form 10-Q may appear without the or symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate in any way that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to these trademarks and tradename. 

3

Table of Contents 

PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

September 30, June 30, 
 2024 2024 
 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Current assets of discontinued operations 
 Total current assets 
 Non-current assets: 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Other non-current assets 
 Non-current assets of discontinued operations 
 Total non-current assets 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Revolving credit facility 
 Current portion of debt 
 Other current liabilities 
 Current liabilities of discontinued operations 
 Total current liabilities 
 Non-current liabilities: 
 Debt, net of current portion 
 Derivative warrant liabilities 
 Other non-current liabilities 
 Total non-current liabilities 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (note 13) 
 
 Stockholders equity: 
 Preferred stock, par value .0001 ; 50,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value .0001 ; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 6,149,202 , and 5,972,638 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 

4

Table of Contents 

AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 
 Net revenue 
 Cost of sales 
 Gross profit 
 
 Operating expenses: 
 Selling and marketing 
 General and administrative 
 Research and development 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 Restructuring costs 
 Total operating expenses 
 Loss from operations 
 Other income, net 
 Interest expense 
 Derivative warrant liabilities gain (loss) 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense 
 Income tax expense 
 Net income (loss) from continuing operations 
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding (note 17) 
 Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding (note 17) 
 
 Net income (loss) per share (note 17): 
 Basic - continuing operations 
 Diluted - continuing operations 
 Basic - discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Diluted - discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Basic - net income (loss) 
 Diluted - net loss 

The accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 

5

Table of Contents 

AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Additional Total 
 Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders 
 Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity 
 Balances, June 30, 2024 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Issuance of common stock from exercise of warrants 
 Net income 
 Balances, September 30, 2024 

Additional Total 
 Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders 
 Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity 
 Balances, June 30, 2023 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Net loss 
 Balances, September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 

6

Table of Contents 

AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 
 2024 2023 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income (loss) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Derivative warrant liabilities (gain) loss 
 Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs 
 Inventory write-down 
 Other non-cash adjustments 
 Non-cash adjustments from discontinued operations 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Other operating assets and liabilities, net 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities from discontinued operations 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Cash received from sales of fixed assets 
 Cash payments for fixed asset purchases 
 Other investing activities 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Net proceeds received from (payments made on) revolving credit facility 
 Payment made to fixed payment arrangements 
 Payment of stock issuance costs 
 Payments made to borrowings 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
 Cash paid for interest 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities: 
 Other non-cash investing and financing activities 

The accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements are an integral part of this statement. 

7

Table of Contents 

AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and zero percent for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, primarily driven by the limitations on losses as a result of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code changes in ownership coupled with existing valuation allowances. 
 
 An ownership change has limited the Company s ability to offset, post-change, United States federal taxable income. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code imposes an annual limitation on the amount of post-ownership change taxable income a corporation may offset with pre-ownership change net operating loss carryforwards and certain recognized built-in losses. Previous acquisitions, financing transactions, and equity ownership changes in the past five years have caused a significant limitation on the Company s ability to use the change in control net operating loss carryovers. The ownership changes result in increased future tax liability and are a driver of the change from a zero percent effective tax rate. 
 
 The provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach, deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes and net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The amount of deferred taxes on these temporary differences is determined using the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, as applicable, based on tax rates and laws in the respective tax jurisdiction enacted as of the balance sheet date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the net deferred tax asset when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of its deferred tax asset will not be utilized. 
 
 The Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon an examination. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense in the unaudited consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 million ERC accrual in other non-current liabilities, which represents the proceeds the Company received from the ERC program during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. Further in accordance with IAS 20, when management determines it has reasonable assurance that the Company has substantially met all eligibility requirements of the ERC and following any adjustments from its regulatory audit or upon further clarifications from the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC ), the ERC accrual shall be recognized as a benefit in other income in the unaudited consolidated statement of operations. The associated vendor fee of million was expensed as incurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 
 Segment Reporting - Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures 
 
 In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023 - 07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280 ): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures ASU 2023 - 07 ). ASU 2023 - 07 was issued to improve reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The guidance should be applied retrospectively unless it is impracticable to do so. ASU 2023 - 07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted, including in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance and assessing the potential impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
 
 Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses 
 
 In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024 - 03, Income Statement Reporting Comprehensive Income Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220 - 40 ): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses ASU 2024 - 03 ). The amendments in ASU 2024 - 03 require public business entities to disclose in the notes to the financial statements, among other things, specific information about certain costs and expenses including purchases of inventory; employee compensation; and depreciation, amortization and depletion expenses for each caption on the income statement where such expenses are included. ASU 2024 - 03 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted, and the amendments may be applied prospectively to reporting periods after the effective date or retrospectively to all periods presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this guidance and assessing the potential impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures. 
 
 For a complete set of the Company s significant accounting policies, refer to the Company s 2024 Form 10 -K . There have been no significant changes to the Company s significant accounting policies and there is no other accounting guidance has been issued and not yet adopted that is applicable to the Company and that would have a material effect on the Company s unaudited consolidated financial statements and related disclosures as of September 30, 2024 , and through the filing of this Form 10 -Q. 

million, which resulted in a decrease in the estimated variable consideration accrual as of September 30, 2024, and a related increase in net revenue of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Revenue by Product Portfolio 
 
 Net revenue disaggregated by significant product portfolio for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, were as follows: 

Pediatric Portfolio 
 Other 
 Total net revenue 

Other includes net revenue from various discontinued deprioritized products. The Consumer Health business was divested in the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and is reported within discontinued operations (see Note 20 Discontinued Operations ). 
 
 Revenue by Geographic Location 
 
 The Company s net revenue is predominately within the United States, with insignificant international sales. 

million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, primarily as a result of unsalable and slow-moving products. 
 
 Inventories consist of the following: 

Work in process 
 Finished goods 
 Inventories 

Office equipment, furniture and other 
 Leasehold improvements 
 Property and equipment, gross 
 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense from property and equipment was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , respectively. 

remaining finance leases recorded as of June 30, 2024. 
 
 In June 2024, the Company entered into a forward-starting operating lease agreement to lease office space in Berwyn, Pennsylvania from the owner of the office space that the Company is currently renting under a sublease arrangement. The Company determined that it is an operating lease, and that lease commencement occurred in July 2024. The initial lease termination date is July 31, 2030, and under the lease agreement the Company has one five -year renewal option to extend the lease through July 2035. Undiscounted minimum monthly rent payments average approximately over the initial term of the lease. The Company has elected to utilize the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components upon recognition and variable lease payments will be expensed as incurred. The Company recorded an operating lease ROU asset of million and a lease liability of million at lease commencement in July 2024. The ROU asset and lease liability will be recorded at present value using an incremental borrowing rate of . 
 
 The components of lease costs are as follows: 
 
 Operating expenses 
 Short-term lease cost Operating expenses 
 Finance lease cost: 
 Amortization of leased assets Cost of sales 
 Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense 
 Total lease cost 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows: 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 Liabilities: 
 Current: operating leases Other current liabilities 
 Non-current: operating leases Other non-current liabilities 
 Total lease liabilities 

The remaining weighted-average lease term and discount rate used are as follows: 

Weighted-average discount rate: 
 Operating lease assets 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows: 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases 

As of June 30, 2024, the Company did not have any remaining finance leases. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company s future minimum lease payments were as follows: 

2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 2030 
 Thereafter 
 Total lease payments 
 Less: imputed interest 
 Less: tenant improvement allowance 
 Lease liabilities 

Acquired technology rights 
 Total intangible assets 

Acquired technology rights 
 Total intangible assets 

Carrying amounts are net of any impairment charges from prior periods. An intangible asset with zero net carrying amount at the end of a reporting period is not presented in the table of a future reporting period. Certain of the Company s amortizable intangible assets include renewal options, extending the expected life of the asset. The renewal periods range between approximately to years depending on the license, patent or other agreement. Renewals are accounted for when they are reasonably assured. Intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives. Amortization expense of intangible assets was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 , respectively. 
 
 The following table summarizes the estimated future amortization expense to be recognized over the next five fiscal years and periods thereafter: 

2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 2030 
 Thereafter 
 Total future amortization expense 

Acquired Product Technology Rights 
 
 The acquired product technology rights are related to the rights to production, supply and distribution agreements of various products pursuant to the acquisitions of the Pediatric Portfolio in November 2019 and the Neos Acquisition in March 2021. 

ADHD Portfolio 
 
 As part of the Neos Acquisition, the Company acquired developed product technology for the production and sale of Adzenys and Cotempla. The formulations for the ADHD products are protected by patented technology. The estimated remaining economic life of these proprietary technologies is 14 years. 
 
 Karbinal 
 
 The Company acquired and assumed all rights and obligations pursuant to the supply and distribution agreement, as amended, with Tris Pharma, Inc. Tris for the exclusive rights to commercialize Karbinal in the United States (the Tris Karbinal Agreement ). The Tris Karbinal Agreement s initial term terminates in August of 2033, with an optional initial -year extension. 
 
 Poly-Vi-Flor and Tri-Vi-Flor 
 
 The Company acquired and assumed all rights and obligations pursuant to a supply and license agreement and various assignment and release agreements, including a previously agreed to settlement and license agreements (the Poly-Tri Agreements for the exclusive rights to commercialize Poly-Vi-Flor and Tri-Vi-Flor in the United States. 
 
 Acquired Technology Rights 
 
 TRRP Technology 
 
 As part of the Neos Acquisition, the Company acquired time release resin particle TRRP proprietary technology, which is a proprietary drug delivery technology protected by the Company as a trade secret that allows the Company to modify the drug release characteristics of each of its respective products. The TRRP technology underlines each of the ADHD Portfolio core products and can potentially be used in future product development initiatives as well. 

Accrued program liabilities 
 Accrued customer and product related fees 
 Accrued employee compensation 
 Return reserve 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Total accrued liabilities 

Accrued savings offers represent programs for the Company s patients covered under commercial payor plans in which the cost of a prescription to such patients is discounted. Accrued program liabilities include government and commercial rebates. Accrued customer and product related fees include accrued expenses and deductions for rebates, wholesaler chargebacks and fees, and other product-related fees and deductions such as royalties for Pediatric Portfolio products, accrued distributor fees, and Medicaid liabilities. The return reserve represents the Company s accrual for estimated product returns. Accrued employee compensation includes sales commissions, paid time off earned, accrued payroll and accrued bonus. Other accrued liabilities consist of various other accruals, none of which individually or in the aggregate represent greater than five percent of total liabilities. 

Employee retention credit 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Other 
 Total other liabilities 
 Less: current portion of other liabilities 
 Total non-current portion of other liabilities 

Fixed Payment Arrangements 
 
 Fixed payment arrangements represent obligations to an investor assumed as part of the acquisition of products from Cerecor, Inc. in 2019, including fixed and variable payments. 
 
 In May 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Tris to terminate the license, development, manufacturing and supply agreement dated November 2, 2018, related to Tuzistra XR (the Tuzistra License Agreement ). Pursuant to such termination, as of September 30, 2024 , the Company has accrued a settlement liability of million in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet payable to Tris, with a provision that allows the Company to pay interest on any principal amounts due but remaining unpaid past July 2024. 
 
 The Tris Karbinal Agreement grants the Company the exclusive right to distribute and sell Karbinal in the United States. The initial term of the agreement was years. The Company pays Tris a royalty equal to of net revenue from the product. The Tris Karbinal Agreement also contains minimum unit sales commitments, which is based on a commercial year that spans from August 1 through July 31, of units annually through 2025. The Company is required to pay Tris a royalty make-whole payment of for each unit under the -unit annual minimum sales commitment through 2025. The Tris Karbinal Agreement make-whole payment is capped at million each year. The annual payment is due in August of each year. The Tris Karbinal Agreement also has multiple commercial milestone obligations that aggregate up to million based on cumulative net revenue from the product, the first of which is triggered at million. As of September 30, 2024 , the Tris Karbinal Agreement accrued fixed payment arrangement balance was million recorded in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Employee Retention Credit 
 
 The million ERC accrual in other non-current liabilities as of September 30, 2024 , represents the proceeds the Company received from the ERC program during the first quarter of fiscal 2024. Please see Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies for further detail. 
 
 Operating Lease Liabilities 
 
 The Company has entered into various operating lease agreements for certain of its offices, manufacturing facilities and equipment. Please refer to Note 6 - Leases for further detail. 
 
 Other 
 
 Other consists of taxes payable, deferred cost related to the Company s technology transfer, and various other accruals, none of which individually or in the aggregate represent greater than five percent of total liabilities. 

million at an interest rate of the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator SOFR plus . In addition, the Company is required to pay an unused line fee of of the average unused portion of the maximum Eclipse Revolving Loan amount during the immediately preceding month. The ability to make borrowings and obtain advances of revolving loans under the Eclipse Agreement remains subject to a borrowing base and reserve, and availability blockage requirements. The Eclipse Revolving Loan maturity date, as amended, is June 12, 2028, and the effective interest rate was as of September 30, 2024 . 
 
 In the event that, for any reason, all or any portion of the Eclipse Agreement is terminated prior to the scheduled maturity date, in addition to the payment of all outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest, the Company is required to pay a fee equal to (i) of the Eclipse Revolving Loan commitment if such event occurs on or before June 12, 2025, ii) of the Eclipse Revolving Loan commitment if such event occurs after June 12, 2025, but on or before June 12, 2026, and (iii) of the Eclipse Revolving Loan commitment if such event occurs after June 12, 2026, but on or before June 12, 2028. The Company may also be required to pay an early termination fee related to the Eclipse Term Loan as further described in Note 11 - Long-Term Debt . The Company may permanently terminate the Eclipse Agreement upon written notice to Eclipse. 
 
 The Eclipse Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default, as defined in the agreement, including covenants and restrictions that, among other things, require the Company to satisfy certain capital expenditure limitations and other financial covenants, and restrict the Company s ability to incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, make certain dividends and distributions with respect to equity securities, engage in mergers and acquisitions or make asset sales without the prior written consent of Eclipse. A failure to comply with these covenants could permit Eclipse to declare the Company s obligations under the Eclipse Agreement, together with accrued interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable, plus any applicable additional amounts relating to a prepayment or termination, as described above. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company was in compliance with the covenants under the Eclipse Agreement. The Company s obligations under the Eclipse Agreement are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets, as defined further in the Eclipse Agreement. 
 
 Total interest expense on the Eclipse Revolving Loan, including amortization of deferred financing costs, was less than million for both the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The amounts drawn on the Eclipse Revolving Loan were million and million as of September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, respectively. The unused revolving credit facility amount as of September 30, 2024, was million. 

million loan. The interest rate on the loan was the greater of the prime rate or , plus , payable monthly in arrears. The maturity date of the loan was January 26, 2025. The proceeds from the Avenue Capital Agreement were used towards the repayment of the term loans. 
 
 Pursuant to the Avenue Capital Agreement, the Company was required to make interest only payments for the first 18 months following the Closing Date (the Interest-only Period ). The Interest-only Period could be extended automatically without any action by any party for six months provided as of the last day of the Interest-only Period then in effect, the Company received, prior to June 15, 2023, a specified amount of net proceeds from the sale and issuance of its equity securities Interest-only Milestone 1 ). The Interest-only Period was able to be further extended automatically without any action by any party for an additional six months provided, the Company had achieved, prior to December 31, 2023, i) Interest-only Milestone 1 and (ii) a specified amount of trailing 12 months revenue as of the date of determination. 

On January 26, 2022 Issuance Date ), as consideration for entering into the Avenue Capital Agreement, the Company issued warrants to the Avenue Capital Lenders to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price equal to per share (the Avenue Capital Warrants ). The Avenue Capital Warrants provided that in the event the Company were to engage in an equity offering at a price lower than prior to June 30, 2022, the exercise price would be adjusted to the effective price of such equity offering and the number of shares of common stock to be issued under the Avenue Capital Warrants would be adjusted as set forth in the agreement. The Avenue Capital Warrants were immediately exercisable and expire on January 31, 2027. At inception, the Company accounted for the Avenue Capital Warrants as a derivative warrant liability as the number of warrants was not fixed at the Issuance Date. The fair value of the Avenue Capital Warrants at issuance was approximately million. 
 
 On March 7, 2022, the Company closed on an equity offering of shares of common stock and warrants at an offering price of per share. As this offering precluded the Company from pursuing any equity financing prior to July 7, 2022, and the effective price of the March 7, 2022, offering was more than the exercise price of the Avenue Capital Warrants, the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Avenue Capital Warrants were set at an exercise price of . 
 
 On October 25, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Avenue Venture Opportunities Fund, L.P Avenue to extend the interest-only period of its existing senior secure loan facility held with Avenue. The amendment to the original loan agreement, which was executed in January 2022, extended the interest-only period to January 2024. In exchange for this extension of the interest-only period, the Company and Avenue agreed to reset the exercise price of the warrants issued in conjunction with the original loan agreement to , corresponding to the warrant exercise price associated with the Company s August 2022 equity financing. 
 
 On June 13, 2023, in conjunction with the Securities Purchase Agreement described in Note 16 - Warrants , the interest-only period of the Avenue Capital Agreement was extended further upon the achievement of both the revenue-based milestone and equity raise-based milestone stipulated in the Avenue Capital Agreement. As a result, the interest-only period was extended to January 26, 2025. 
 
 In addition to the debt discount discussed above, the Company also incurred million loan origination, legal and other fees. The debt discount and issuance costs were being amortized over the term of the loan, using the effective interest method resulting in an effective rate of . Total interest expense on the Avenue Capital loan, including debt discount amortization, was million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 On June 12, 2024, the Company used proceeds from the Eclipse Term Loan and a portion of the proceeds from the exercise of warrants to repay the Avenue Capital loan in full. Upon early repayment of the Avenue Capital loan, the Company was required to pay Avenue Capital a fee equal to of the loan or million. In addition, upon the payment in full of the obligations, the Company was required to pay Avenue Capital a fee in the amount of million Final Payment ). At inception, the Company accounted for the Final Payment as additional obligations on the debt, with the corresponding charge being recorded as debt discount. At retirement, the early termination fee, the Final Payment fee, and the write-off of all remaining related debt discount and deferred financing costs were included in the calculation of loss on extinguishment of debt. The Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of million related to the retirement of the Avenue Capital loan in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 
 Eclipse Term Loan 
 
 On June 12, 2024, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into Eclipse Amendment No. 5, which provided for among other things, the Eclipse Term Loan and the Eclipse Revolving Loan described further in Note 10 - Revolving Credit Facility . The Eclipse Term Loan consists of a principal amount of million, at an interest rate of SOFR plus , with a four -year term maturing on June 12, 2028, and a straight-line loan amortization period of seven years, which would provide for a loan balance at the end of the four -year term of million to be repaid on June 12, 2028, the maturity date. The Company used the proceeds of the Eclipse Term Loan and a portion of the proceeds from warrant exercises described below to repay in full the Avenue Capital loan. The effective interest rate on the Eclipse Term Loan was as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 In the event that, for any reason, all or any portion of the Eclipse Agreement is terminated prior to the scheduled maturity date, in addition to the payment of all outstanding principal and unpaid accrued interest, the Company is required to pay a fee equal to (i) of the Eclipse Term Loan if such event occurs on or before June 12, 2025, ii) of the Eclipse Term Loan if such event occurs after June 12, 2025, but on or before June 12, 2026, iii) of the Eclipse Term Loan if such event occurs after June 12, 2026, but on or before June 12, 2027, and (iv) of the Eclipse Term Loan if such event occurs after June 12, 2026, but on or before June 12, 2028. The Company may also be required to pay an early termination fee related to the Eclipse Revolving Loan as further described in Note 10 - Revolving Credit Facility . The Company may permanently terminate the Eclipse Agreement upon written notice to Eclipse. The Company s obligations under the Eclipse Agreement are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets, as further defined in the Eclipse Agreement. 

The Eclipse Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default, as defined in the agreement, including covenants and restrictions that, among other things, require the Company to satisfy certain capital expenditure limitations and other financial covenants, and restricts the Company s ability to incur liens, incur additional indebtedness, make certain dividends and distributions with respect to equity securities, engage in mergers and acquisitions or make certain asset sales without the prior written consent of the Eclipse Lender. A failure to comply with these covenants could permit the Eclipse Lender to declare the Company s obligations under the agreement, together with accrued interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable, plus any applicable additional amounts relating to a prepayment or termination, as described above. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with the covenants under the Eclipse Agreement. The Company incurred interest expense on the Eclipse Term Loan, including debt discount and issuance costs amortization, of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Long-term debt consists of the following: 

Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs 
 Total debt 
 Less: current portion of debt 
 Total debt, net of current portion 

Future principal payments of the Eclipse Term Loan are as follows: 

2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Total future principal payments 
 Less: unamortized debt discount and issuance costs 
 Less: current portion of debt 
 Total debt, net of current portion 

The Company s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, derivative warrant liabilities, contingent consideration liabilities, fixed payment arrangements, and current and non-current debt. The carrying amounts of certain short-term financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair value due to their short maturities. Current and non-current debt are reported at their amortized costs on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The remaining financial instruments are reported on the Company s consolidated balance sheets at amounts that approximate current fair values. The Company s carrying value of its consolidated amounts of cash and cash equivalents approximate their fair value as of September 30, 2024, and June 30, 2024, and are categorized within level 1 of the U.S. GAAP fair value hierarchy. The Company s policy is to recognize transfers in and/or out of fair value hierarchy as of the date in which the event or change in circumstances caused the transfer. There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 in the periods presented. 
 
 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 
 The Company s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2024 , and June 30, 2024 , by level within the fair value hierarchy as follows: 

Total 

Total 

Summary of Level 3 Input Changes 
 
 A summary of changes to those fair value measures using Level 3 inputs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 , is as follows: 

Settlements (1) 
 Included in earnings 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 

1 Relates to the exercise of of the Tranche B Pre-Funded Warrants, which were liability classified and exercised at a price of per share. 

Significant Assumptions 
 
 The valuation methodologies and key assumptions used for the mark to market fair value measurements of derivative warrant liabilities as of September 30, 2024 , are as follows: 
 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 Risk-free rate 3.6 
 Dividend yield 

1 Includes August 2022 Warrants, March 2022 Warrants, Avenue Capital Warrants and Tranche B Pre-Funded Warrants. See Note 16 - Warrants for definitions of these terms and further information. 

years. The Company pays Tris a royalty equal to of net revenue from the product. 
 
 The Tris Karbinal Agreement also contains minimum unit sales commitments, which is based on a commercial year that spans from August 1 through July 31, of units annually through 2025. The Company is required to pay Tris a royalty make-whole payment of for each unit under the 70,000 unit annual minimum sales commitment through 2025. The Tris Karbinal Agreement make-whole payment is capped at million each year. The annual payment is due in August of each year. The Tris Karbinal Agreement also has multiple commercial milestone obligations that aggregate up to million based on cumulative net revenue from the product, the first of which is triggered at million. 
 
 Legal Matters 
 
 Witmer Class-Action Securities Litigation 
 
 A stockholder derivative suit was filed on September12, 2022, in the Delaware Chancery Court by Paul Witmer, derivatively and on behalf of all Aytu stockholders, against Armistice Capital, LLC, Armistice Capital Master Fund, Ltd., Steve Boyd (Armistice s Chief Investment Officer and Managing Partner, and a former director of Aytu), and certain other current and former directors of Aytu, Joshua R. Disbrow, Gary Cantrell, John Donofrio, Jr., Michael Macaluso, Carl Dockery and Ketan B. Mehta. Plaintiff amended the complaint on April 5, 2023. The Amended Complaint dropped Mr. Macaluso as a defendant and alleges that (i) Armistice facilitated the sale of assets of Cerecor in 2019 and Innovus in 2020 to Aytu in exchange for convertible securities which it subsequently converted and sold at a profit on the open market; (ii) the Armistice defendants breached their fiduciary duties, were unjustly enriched and wasted corporate assets in connection with these acquisitions; (iii) the Armistice defendants breached their fiduciary duties by engaging in insider trading; and (iv) the other directors breached their fiduciary duties, and aided and abetted the Armistice defendants breaches of fiduciary duties, in connection with these acquisitions. The Amended Complaint sought unspecified damages, equitable relief, restitution, disgorgement of profits, enhanced governance and internal procedures, and attorneys fees. While the Company believes that this lawsuit is without merit and have vigorously defended against it, the Company agreed to settle the matter for various corporate governance modifications and the payment of plaintiff s attorneys fees. That settlement is subject to court approval, the hearing on which has not yet been scheduled. 

million shares of common stock authorized with a par value of per share and million shares of preferred stock authorized with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 , included in common stock outstanding are shares of unvested restricted stock issued to executives, directors and employees. 
 
 On September 28, 2021, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S- 3, which was declared effective by the SEC on October 7, 2021. This shelf registration statement covered the offering, issuance and sale by the Company of up to an aggregate of million of its common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights and units (the 2021 Shelf ). The 2021 Shelf expired in October 2024. 
 
 On August 11, 2022, the Company closed on an underwritten public offering (the August 2022 Offering utilizing the 2021 Shelf, pursuant to which it sold an aggregate of (i) shares of its common stock; (ii) in lieu of common stock to certain investors that so chose, pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of its common stock; and (iii) accompanying warrants to purchase shares of its common stock. The shares of common stock and the pre-funded warrants were each sold in combination with corresponding common warrants, with one common warrant to purchase one share of common stock for each share of common stock or each pre-funded warrant sold. The combined public offering price for each share of common stock and accompanying common warrant was , and the combined offering price for each pre-funded warrant and accompanying common warrant was , which equated to the public offering price per share of the common stock and accompanying common warrant, less the per share exercise price of each pre-funded warrant. The pre-funded warrants were exercised in full in August 2022. The common warrants have an exercise price of per share of common stock and are exercisable for a period of five years from issuance. The Company raised million in gross proceeds through the August 2022 Offering before underwriting fees and other expenses of million. The pre-funded and common warrants had a combined fair value of approximately million at issuance and are classified as derivative warrant liabilities, with the offset in additional paid in capital in stockholders equity in the Company s consolidated financial statements (see Note 16 - Warrants ). 
 
 On June 8, 2023, using a placement agent, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with certain institutional investors, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold an aggregate of (i) shares of the Company s common stock; (ii) pre-funded warrants in lieu of shares to purchase shares of common stock (the June 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants (iii) accompanying tranche A warrants to purchase shares of common stock (the Tranche A Warrants and (iv) accompanying tranche B warrants to purchase shares of common stock in a best-efforts offering (the Tranche B Warrants and the Tranche A Warrants together with the Tranche B Warrants, the Common Warrants ). The Common Warrants may be exercised for either shares of common stock or pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock at a future exercise price of per share in the same form as the June 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants (the Exchange Warrants ). Each pre-funded warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The pre-funded warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full. The Common Warrants are immediately exercisable at a price of per share (or per Exchange Warrant). The Tranche A Warrants will expire upon the earlier of (i) five years after the date of issuance or (ii) 30 days following the closing price of the Company s common stock equaling 200 of the exercise price per share) for at least 40 consecutive trading days. The Tranche B Warrants were exercised in June 2024 as further described below. The Company raised million in gross proceeds and net proceeds were million after deducting offering expenses. The June 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants do not have an expiration date. The warrants had a combined fair value of approximately million at issuance and are classified as derivative warrant liabilities. The resulting offset is recorded in derivative warrant liabilities (loss) gain along with the issuance costs of million in the unaudited consolidated financial statement of operations (see Note 16 - Warrants ). 
 
 On June 14, 2024, the Tranche B Warrants were exercised, generating proceeds of million. The Tranche B Warrants were converted into shares of common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share (the Tranche B Pre-Funded Warrants ). The Tranche B Pre-Funded Warrants had a fair value of approximately million at issuance and are classified as derivative warrant liabilities, with the offset in additional paid in capital in stockholders equity in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the Tranche B Warrants exercise as part of the Avenue Capital loan repayment described further in Note 11 - Long-Term Debt . 
 
 On September 26, 2024, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S- 3, which was declared effective by the SEC on October 15, 2024. This shelf registration statement covers the offering, issuance and sale by the Company of up to an aggregate of million of its common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights and units (the 2024 Shelf ). Through the filing date of this Form 10 -Q, million remains available under the 2024 Shelf. This availability is subject to the SEC s baby shelf limitation as set forth in SEC Instruction I.B.6 limitation to the Form S- 3. 

new shares; (ii) shares available for grant under the 2015 Plans be rolled over to the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan; and (iii) any shares that are returned to the Company under the 2015 Plans be added to the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. With the approval of the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan, no additional awards will be granted under the 2015 Plans. All outstanding awards previously granted under previous stock incentive plans will remain outstanding and subject to the terms of the plans. Stock options granted under the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan have contractual terms of years or less from the grant date and a vesting period ranging from to years. The restricted stock awards and restricted stock units have a vesting period of to years. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had shares that are available for grant under the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Aytu 2015 Plan 
 
 On June 1, 2015, the Company s stockholders approved the Aytu 2015 Plan, which, as amended in July 2017, provides for the award of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, and other equity awards. On February 13, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved an increase to total shares of common stock in the Aytu 2015 Plan. The shares of common stock underlying any awards that are forfeited, canceled, reacquired by Aytu prior to vesting, satisfied without any issuance of stock, expire or are otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) under the Aytu 2015 Plan will be added back to the shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2023 Equity Incentive Plan. Stock options granted under this plan have contractual terms of years from the grant date and a vesting period ranging from to years. The restricted stock awards have a vesting period ranging from to years, and the restricted stock units have a vesting period of years. 
 
 Neos 2015 Plan 
 
 Pursuant to the Neos Acquisition, the Company assumed stock options and restricted stock units previously granted under the Neos 2015 Plan. Accordingly, on April 19, 2021, the Company registered shares of its common stock under the Neos 2015 Plan with the SEC. The terms and conditions of the assumed equity securities remained the same as they were previously under the Neos 2015 Plan. The Company allocated costs of the replacement awards attributable to pre-combination and post-combination service periods. The pre-combination service costs were included in the consideration transferred. The remaining costs attributable to the post-combination service period are being recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the remaining terms of the replacement awards. Stock options granted under this plan have contractual terms of years from the grant date and a vesting period ranging from to years. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Stock option activity is as follows: 

Forfeited/cancelled 
 Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , stock options were granted. As of September 30, 2024 , there was million total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock options granted under the Company s equity incentive plans. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 Restricted stock activity is as follows: 

Vested 
 Unvested at September 30, 2024 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , restricted stock was granted under the Company s equity incentive plan. As of September 30, 2024 , there was million total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested restricted stock granted under the Company s equity incentive plans. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , no restricted stock was granted outside of the Company s equity incentive plan. As of September 30, 2024 , there was million total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested restricted stock issued outside of the Company s equity incentive plans. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of September 30, 2024 , shares of restricted stock remain unvested that were granted outside of the Company's equity incentive plan. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Restricted stock units RSU or RSUs activity is as follows: 

Vested 
 Unvested at September 30, 2024 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , RSUs were granted. As of September 30, 2024 , there was less than million of unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested RSUs granted under the Company s equity incentive plans. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to the fair value of stock options, restricted stock, and RSUs was included in the consolidated statements of operations as set forth in the below table: 

Research and development 
 Selling and marketing 
 General and administrative 
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Total stock-based compensation expense 

shares of the Company s common stock; (ii) June 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants in lieu of shares to purchase shares of common stock; (iii) accompanying Tranche A Warrants to purchase shares of common stock; and (iv) accompanying Tranche B Warrants to purchase shares of common stock in a best-efforts offering (the Tranche A Warrants together with the Tranche B Warrants, the Common Warrants ). The Common Warrants may be exercised for either shares of common stock or pre-funded warrants to purchase common stock at a future exercise price of per share in the same form as the June 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants (the Exchange Warrants ). Each pre-funded warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The pre-funded warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full. The Common Warrants are immediately exercisable at a price of per share (or per Exchange Warrant). The Tranche A Warrants will expire upon the earlier of (i) five years after the date of issuance or (ii) 30 days following the closing price of the Company s common stock equaling 200 of the exercise price per share) for at least 40 consecutive trading days. The Tranche B Warrants were exercised in June 2024 as further described below. The Company raised million in gross proceeds and net proceeds were million after deducting offering expenses. The June 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants do not have an expiration date. The warrants had a combined fair value of approximately million at issuance and are classified as derivative warrant liabilities. The resulting offset is recorded in derivative warrant liabilities gain (loss) along with the issuance costs of million in the unaudited consolidated financial statement of operations (see Note 14 - Stockholders Equity ). 
 
 On June 14, 2024, the Tranche B Warrants were exercised, generating proceeds of million. The Tranche B Warrants were converted into shares of common stock and Tranche B Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of per share. The Tranche B Pre-Funded Warrants, which do not have an expiration date, had a fair value of approximately million at issuance and are classified as derivative warrant liabilities, with the offset in additional paid in capital in stockholders equity in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the Tranche B Warrants exercise as part of the Avenue Capital loan repayment described further in Note 11 - Long-Term Debt . 
 
 On August 11, 2022, the Company closed an offering (the August 2022 Offering ), pursuant to which, the Company issued pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of its common stock and common warrants to purchase shares of its common stock. The shares of common stock and the pre-funded warrants were each sold in combination with corresponding common warrants, which one common warrant to purchase one share of common stock for each share of common stock or each pre-funded warrant was sold. The pre-funded warrants had an exercise price of per share of common stock and were exercised in full in August 2022. The common warrants have an exercise price of per share of common stock and are exercisable for a period of five years from issuance. The common warrants provide that if there occurs any stock split, stock dividend stock recapitalization, or similar event (a Stock Combination Event ), then the warrant exercise price will be adjusted to the greater of the quotient determined by dividing the sum of the VWAP of the common stock for each of the five lowest trading days during the 20 consecutive trading day period ending immediately preceding the 16th trading day after such Stock Combination Event, divided by five; or , and the number of shares of common stock to be issued would be adjusted proportionately as set forth in the agreement limited to a maximum of shares. The common warrants also provide that in the event the Company were to engage in an equity offering at a common stock price lower than the warrant exercise price prior to the second anniversary of a Stock Combination Event, the exercise price would be adjusted to the greater of the effective price of such equity offering or (see Note 14 Capital Structure ). 

In November 2022 and throughout the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold shares through its ATM Sales Agreement. Per the warrant agreement in the August 2022 Offering, these sales qualified as an equity offering, and the sales price was less than the current exercise price of . As a result, the common warrants exercise price was adjusted to . On January 6, 2023, the Company consummated a to 1 reverse stock split. Pursuant to the warrant agreement described above, the Company triggered a Stock Combination Event, and the warrant exercise price and number to be issued was adjusted based on the average of each of the lowest five trading days during the twenty -day consecutive trading day period beginning on December 30, 2022. Subsequently, as a result of the Securities Purchase Agreement in June 2023, the common warrants from the August 2022 Offering had an adjusted exercise price of . 
 
 A summary of warrants is as follows: 

Warrants exercised (2) 
 Outstanding September 30, 2024 (3) 

1 The number of warrants outstanding as of June 30, 2024, is comprised of liability classified warrants, liability classified June 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants, liability classified Tranche B Pre-Funded Warrants and equity classified warrants. 
 
 2 The warrants exercised during the three months ended September 30, 2024, were of the Tranche B Warrants, which were exercised at a price of per share. 
 
 3 The number of warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2024, is comprised of liability classified warrants, liability classified June 2023 Pre-Funded Warrants, liability classified Tranche B Pre-Funded Warrants and equity classified warrants. 
 
 4 As pre-funded warrants do not have an expiration date, they have been excluded from the calculation of the weighted average remaining contractual life in years. 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Net income (loss) 
 Denominator: 
 Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Per share calculations: 
 Net income (loss) per share from continuing operations 
 Net income (loss) per share from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Net income (loss) per share 

The following is a reconciliation of the numerator and the denominator used in the diluted per share calculations: 

Adjustment for change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 Adjusted numerator - net loss from continuing operations 
 Denominator: 
 Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Dilutive effect of warrants to purchase common stock 
 Dilutive effect of unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units 
 Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Per share calculation: 
 Net loss per share from continuing operations 
 
 DILUTED: DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 Numerator: 
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 Denominator: 
 Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Dilutive effect of warrants to purchase common stock 
 Dilutive effect of unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units 
 Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Per share calculation: 
 Net income (loss) per share from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 
 DILUTED: NET INCOME (LOSS) 
 Numerator: 
 Net income (loss) 
 Adjustment for change in fair value of warrant liabilities 
 Adjusted numerator - net loss 
 Denominator: 
 Basic weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Dilutive effect of warrants to purchase common stock 
 Dilutive effect of unvested restricted stock and restricted stock units 
 Diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 
 Per share calculation: 
 Net loss per share 

The following table sets forth securities that could be considered anti-dilutive, and therefore are excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding and related per share calculations: 

Warrants to purchase common stock - equity classified (note 16) 
 Employee unvested restricted stock (note 15) 
 Employee unvested restricted stock units (note 15) 
 Employee stock options (note 15) 
 Total anti-dilutive securities 

Cost of sales 
 Selling and marketing 
 General and administrative 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 Non-operating other expense, net 
 Recognized contingent consideration 
 Loss on divestiture 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes 
 Income tax benefit 
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 

The key components of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations as of June 30, 2024, were as follows: 

Inventories 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 Total current assets of discontinued operations 
 Non-current assets of discontinued operations: 
 Other non-current assets 
 Total current and non-current assets of discontinued operations 
 
 LIABILITIES 
 Current liabilities of discontinued operations: 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued liabilities 
 Total current liabilities of discontinued operations 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s 2024 Form 10-K . The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. For additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties, please see the risk factors included in the Company s 2024 Form 10-K , and in Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Objective 
 
 The purpose of the Management s Discussion and Analysis (the MD A is to present information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and our financial condition as of September 30, 2024. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a pharmaceutical company focused on commercializing novel therapeutics. Our strategy is to become a leading pharmaceutical company that improves the lives of patients. We use a focused approach of in-licensing, acquiring, developing, and commercializing novel prescription therapeutics in order to continue building our portfolio of revenue-generating products and leveraging our commercial team s expertise to build leading brands within large therapeutic markets. Our primary focus is on commercializing innovative prescription products that address conditions frequently developed or diagnosed in childhood, including ADHD. We are focusing our efforts on accelerating the growth of our commercial business and achieving operating cash flows. To achieve these goals, we indefinitely suspended active development of our clinical development programs and have wound down and divested unprofitable operations. 
 
 In July 2024 we completed the wind down and divestiture of our Consumer Health business (see Part I, Item 1, Note 20 Discontinued Operations in this Form 10-Q for further detail) and now operate our business as a single operating and reporting segment, which is focused on our prescription pharmaceutical products sold primarily through third party wholesalers and pharmacies and which primarily consists of two product portfolios, the ADHD Portfolio and the Pediatric Portfolio. The ADHD Portfolio consists of products for the treatment of ADHD, primarily Adzenys (amphetamine), an extended-release orally disintegrating tablet and Cotempla (methylphenidate), an extended-release orally disintegrating tablet. The Pediatric Portfolio consists primarily of Karbinal (carbinoxamine maleate extended-release oral suspension), an extended-release first-generation antihistamine suspension containing carbinoxamine indicated to treat numerous allergic conditions, and Poly-Vi-Flor and Tri-Vi-Flor, two complementary prescription fluoride-based supplement product lines containing combinations of fluoride and vitamins in various formulations for infants and children with fluoride deficiency. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we successfully completed the transition of all manufacturing of our ADHD products to a United States-based third-party contract manufacturer to improve the profitability of these products. 
 
 In July 2023, we entered into an exclusive collaboration, distribution and supply agreement with Medomie, a privately owned pharmaceutical company, for Medomie to sell Adzenys and Cotempla in Israel and the Palestinian Authority. In September 2024, we entered into an exclusive collaboration, distribution and supply agreement with Lupin, a subsidiary of global pharmaceutical company Lupin Limited, for Lupin to sell Adzenys and Cotempla in Canada. We will supply Adzenys and Cotempla to Medomie and Lupin based on forecasts and provide product training. Medomie and Lupin are responsible for seeking local regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for both Adzenys and Cotempla, which is expected to occur over the next 18 to 24 months. The agreement with Medomie and the agreement with Lupin represent our first and second international commercial agreements for Adzenys and Cotempla, respectively. 
 
 In light of our own business activities and external developments in the biopharmaceutical industry, we regularly review our performance, prospects and risks such as the potential impact to our business resulting from our competitive landscape (i.e., entry of generic competitors, payer pressures, new branded entrants, etc.). These reviews have included consideration of potential partnerships, collaborations, and other strategic transactions such as acquisitions or divestitures of programs or technology to enhance stockholder value. We continue to evaluate potential strategic transactions and business combinations, but there can be no guarantee that we will be able to enter into such transactions and there can be no guarantee that such transactions will achieve our desired goals. 

33

Table of Contents 

Business Environment 
 
 We continue to experience inflationary pressure and have experienced supply chain disruptions related to the sourcing of raw materials, energy, logistics and labor. While we do not have sales or operations in Russia or Ukraine and we do not expect to have material sales or operations in the Middle East, it is possible that the conflict or actions taken in response, could adversely affect some of our markets and suppliers, economic and financial markets, costs and availability of energy and materials, or cause further supply chain disruptions. We expect that inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions could continue to be significant across the business throughout fiscal 2025. We have not experienced stock outages for our ADHD products since the launch of those products, and the pediatric product supply has remained adequate to satisfy demand for the preceding four years. 
 
 In October 2024, we received a Paragraph IV Certification Notice Letter Notice Letter from Granules Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Granules ), stating that it intends to market a generic version of Adzenys before the expiration of all patents currently listed in the Orange Book. The Notice Letter states that Granules NDA for the generic version of Adzenys contains a Paragraph IV certification alleging that these patents are not valid, not enforceable, and/or will not be infringed by the commercial manufacture, use or sale of the generic version of Adzenys. We are currently reviewing the Notice Letter. We have 45 days from receipt of the Notice Letter to commence a patent infringement lawsuit against Granules to trigger a stay precluding the FDA from approving Granules NDA for a generic version of Adzenys for up to 30 months or entry of judgment holding the patents invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed, whichever occurs first. We plan to vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights related to Adzenys. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, is as follows: 

Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

(in thousands) 

Net revenue 

16,574 

17,817 

(1,243) 

Cost of sales 

4,589 

4,779 

(190) 

Gross profit 

11,985 

13,038 

(1,053) 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and marketing 

5,659 

6,091 

(432) 

General and administrative 

5,125 

6,295 

(1,170) 

Research and development 

426 

595 

(169) 

Amortization of intangible assets 

921 

924 

(3) 

Restructuring costs 

784 

784 

Total operating expenses 

12,915 

13,905 

(990) 

Loss from operations 

(930) 

(867) 

(63) 

Other income, net 

542 

584 

(42) 

Interest expense 

(994) 

(1,283) 

289 

Derivative warrant liabilities gain (loss) 

2,880 

(5,907) 

8,787 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense 

1,498 

(7,473) 

8,971 

Income tax expense 

(405) 

(405) 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations 

1,093 

(7,473) 

8,566 

Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 

381 

(647) 

1,028 

Net income (loss) 

1,474 

(8,120) 

9,594 

34

Table of Contents 

Net Revenue 
 
 Net revenue by portfolio for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, is as follows: 

Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

(in thousands) 

ADHD Portfolio 

15,264 

15,128 

136 

Pediatric Portfolio 

1,293 

2,565 

(1,272) 

Other 

17 

124 

(107) 

Total net revenue 

16,574 

17,817 

(1,243) 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024, net revenue decreased by 1.2 million, or 7 , compared to the same period ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in net revenue from the Pediatric Portfolio driven by payer changes last year that negatively affected prescription coverage. We entered into negotiations with a vendor that resulted in a reduction to the liability purportedly owed the vendor by 3.3 million, which resulted in a decrease in the estimated variable consideration accrual as of September 30, 2024, and a related increase in net revenue for our ADHD Portfolio of 3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Gross Profit 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, gross profit decreased by 8 , compared to the same period ended September 30, 2023. Gross profit percentage was 72 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 73 for the same period ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Selling and Marketing 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, selling and marketing expense decreased by 0.4 million, or 7 , compared to the same periods ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily driven by reduced commission expense and variable commercial marketing program fees in response to the lower revenue. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expense decreased by 1.2 million, or 19 , compared to the same period ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is primarily a result of continued cost reduction efforts and improved operational efficiencies. 
 
 Research and Development 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, research and development expense was relatively flat compared to the same period ended September 30, 2023. Our research and development costs are primarily associated with support for our commercialized products and costs associated with maintaining our intellectual property on our AR-101 asset. 
 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, amortization expense of intangible assets, excluding amounts included in cost of sales, were relatively consistent compared to the same period ended September 30, 2023. 

35

Table of Contents 

Restructuring Costs 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 0.8 million of restructuring costs related to our previously announced operational realignment and related costs. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, no restructuring costs were incurred. 
 
 Other Income, Net 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, other income, net was relatively consistent compared to the same period ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense decreased by 0.3 million, or 23 , compared to the same period ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the extinguishment of our 15.0 million term loan while entering into the 13.0 million Eclipse Term Loan on more favorable terms during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. 
 
 Derivative Warrant Liabilities Gain (Loss) 
 
 The fair value of derivative warrant liabilities is calculated using either the Black-Scholes option pricing model or the Monte Carlo simulation model and is revalued at each reporting period, and changes are reflected through income or expense. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an unrealized gain of 2.9 million from the fair value adjustment primarily driven by a decrease in our stock price during the three months ended September 30, 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized an unrealized loss of 5.9 million from the fair value adjustment primarily driven by an increase in our stock price during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Income tax expense for continuing operations was 0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which was an effective tax rate of 27.0 . This income tax expense was primarily driven by the limitations on losses as a result of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code changes in ownership coupled with existing valuation allowances. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023, income tax expense for continuing operations was zero with an effective tax rate of zero percent for those same periods, reflecting the full valuation allowance and no impact of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax 
 
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax is related to the wind down and divestiture of our Consumer Health business that was completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. See Part I, Item 1, Note 20 Discontinued Operations in this Form 10-Q for further detail. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 
 We have obligations related to our loan agreements, milestone payments for licensed products, and manufacturing purchase commitments. 
 
 We finance our operations through a combination of sales of our common stock and warrants, borrowings under our line of credit facility and from cash generated from operations. 
 
 Shelf Registrations 
 
 On September 26, 2024, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the SEC on October 15, 2024. This shelf registration statement covers the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to an aggregate of 100.0 million of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, rights and units (the 2024 Shelf ). Through the filing date of this Form 10-Q, 100.0 million remains available under the 2024 Shelf. This availability is subject to the SEC s baby shelf limitation as set forth in SEC Instruction I.B.6 limitation to the Form S-3. 

36

Table of Contents 

Eclipse Agreement 
 
 In June 2024, we and certain of our subsidiaries entered into the Eclipse Amendment No. 5, with the Eclipse Lender. Under the Eclipse Agreement No. 5, we have two loan agreements, the Eclipse Term Loan and the Eclipse Revolving Loan. 
 
 The Eclipse Term Loan consists of a principal amount of 13.0 million, at an interest rate of SOFR plus 7.0 , with a four-year term and a straight-line loan amortization period of seven years, which would provide for a loan balance at the end of the four-year term of 5.6 million to be repaid on June 12, 2028, the maturity date. We used the proceeds of the Eclipse Term Loan and a portion of the proceeds from warrant exercises described below to repay in full a 15.0 million term note. 
 
 The Eclipse Revolving Loan allows us to borrow up to 14.5 million at an interest rate of SOFR plus 4.5 . In addition, we are required to pay an unused line fee of 0.5 of the average unused portion of the maximum Eclipse Revolving Loan amount during the immediately preceding month. The ability to make borrowings and obtain advances of the Eclipse Revolving Loan remains subject to a borrowing base and reserve, and availability blockage requirements and the maturity date, as amended, is June 12, 2028. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table shows cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 

2023 

Change 

(in thousands) 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(1,190) 

(211) 

(979) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

381 

(76) 

457 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

911 

(2,734) 

3,645 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities during these periods primarily reflects our net income (loss) from continuing operations, partially offset by cash provided by discontinued operations and changes in working capital and non-cash charges including stock-based compensation expense, derivative warrant liabilities gain or loss, depreciation, amortization and accretion, and other charges. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities totaled 1.2 million. The use of cash was primarily the result of the decrease in accounts receivable, net; inventories; prepaid expenses and other assets; other accrued liabilities; and accrued liabilities, partially offset by positive cash earnings (net income (loss) offset by non-cash depreciation, amortization and accretion, derivative warrant liabilities adjustment, and stock compensation expense). Additionally, these were partially offset by an increase in accounts payable. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities totaled 0.2 million. The use of cash was primarily the result of the decrease in accrued liabilities, partially offset by funds from the ERC program recorded in other operating liabilities (see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 9 Other Liabilities ). Additionally, these were partially offset by positive cash earnings (net loss offset by non-cash depreciation, amortization and accretion, derivative warrant liabilities adjustment, and stock compensation expense). 
 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024, were driven by cash received from the sale of fixed assets, partially offset by cash payments for fixed asset purchases. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities were nominal during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 0.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily from net proceeds received from the revolving credit facility, partially offset by payments made to fixed payment arrangements and payments made on borrowings. 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 2.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily from payments made to fixed payment arrangements. 

37

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations, Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 As a result of our acquisitions and licensing agreements, we are contractually and contingently obliged to pay, when due, various fixed and contingent milestone payments. See Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 In May 2022, we entered into an the Tuzistra License Agreement. Pursuant to such termination, as of September 30, 2024, we have accrued a settlement liability of 5.8 million payable to Tris in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet payable to Tris, with a provision that allows the Company to pay interest on any principal amounts due but remaining unpaid past July 2024. 
 
 Upon closing of the acquisition of a line of prescription pediatric products from Cerecor, Inc. in October 2019, we assumed payment obligations that require us to make fixed and product milestone payments. As of September 30, 2024, the Tris Karbinal Agreement accrued fixed payment arrangement balance was 1.7 million recorded in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 In connection with our acquisition of the assets from Rumpus VEDS, LLC, Rumpus Therapeutics, LLC, Rumpus Vascular, LLC (collectively, Rumpus ), and only if we resume and ultimately complete clinical development of AR101 and gain regulatory clearances to commercialize the product in multiple markets around the world, we may be required to pay up to 67.5 million in regulatory and commercial-based earn-out payments to Rumpus, which are primarily paid against commercial milestone achievements. Under the licensing agreement with Denovo Biopharma LLC Denovo ), we made a payment of 0.6 million for a license fee in April 2022. In addition, upon the achievement of regulatory and commercial milestones, we may be required to pay up to 101.7 million. Under the licensing agreement with Johns Hopkins University JHU ), upon achievement of regulatory and commercial milestone, we may be required to pay up to 1.6 million to JHU. In fiscal 2022, two milestones payable to Rumpus were achieved totaling 4.0 million, which were paid in 109,447 shares of common stock and 2.6 million in cash. The Company also assumed the responsibility for royalties of 3.0 of net revenue from the product, with a minimum of 20,000 per year, and upon the achievement of certain regulatory and commercial milestones, up to 1.6 million. With clinical development currently suspended, only if and when we resume and ultimately complete clinical development of AR101, are substantially all milestones payable to these parties. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For a detailed discussion about our significant accounting policies, refer to our 2024 Form 10-K . 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources and would be considered material to investors. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide information under this item. 

38

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As required by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024, at reasonable assurance levels, in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements presented in this Form 10-Q present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented herein. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management team, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdown can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. In particular, many of our current processes rely upon manual reviews and processes to ensure that neither human error nor system weakness has resulted in erroneous reporting of financial data. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Form 10-Q, that have a material effect, or are reasonably likely to have a material effect, on our internal control over financial reporting. 

39

Table of Contents 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we become involved in or are threatened with legal disputes arising from our business and operations in the normal course of business. Most of these disputes are not likely to have a material effect on our business, financial condition, or operations. There were no new material legal proceedings that were initiated or terminated during the period covered by this report and there have been no material developments in the material proceedings identified in Part I, Item 3 in our 2024 Form 10-K . For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 13 Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. As of the filing of this report, no legal proceedings are pending against us that we believe individually or collectively are likely to have a materially adverse effect upon our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business faces significant risks and uncertainties. Certain important factors may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations, and you should carefully consider them. There have not been any material changes to our risk factors from those reported in our 2024 Form 10-K . 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Rule 10b5 - 1 Trading Plans 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024 , none of our directors or executive officers (as defined in Rule 16a - 1 under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5 - 1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5 - 1 trading arrangement (as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Aytu BioPharma, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Aytu BioPharma, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Aytu BioPharma, Inc. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 

40

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Joshua R. Disbrow 

Joshua R. Disbrow 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan J. Selhorn 

Ryan J. Selhorn 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

41

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_722660.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_722660.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 Certification by Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Joshua R. Disbrow, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aytu BioPharma, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 

/s/ Joshua R. Disbrow 

Joshua R. Disbrow 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_722661.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_722661.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

AYTU BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 Certification by Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Ryan J. Selhorn, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aytu BioPharma, Inc.; 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 

/s/ Ryan J. Selhorn 

Ryan J. Selhorn 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex_722662.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_722662.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Joshua R. Disbrow, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q of Aytu BioPharma, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Aytu BioPharma, Inc. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 

/s/ Joshua R. Disbrow 

Joshua R. Disbrow 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

I, Ryan J. Selhorn, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge, the Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q of Aytu BioPharma, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Aytu BioPharma, Inc. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

By: 

/s/ Ryan J. Selhorn 

Ryan J. Selhorn 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 aytu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 aytu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 aytu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 aytu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 aytu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

