<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1919182_0001171520-24-000365.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2164216</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>58404</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>511102</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>467078</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>485168</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>591622</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171520-24-000365.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161718
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171520-24-000365
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eco Bright Future, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001919182
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	09 Crypto Assets
		IRS NUMBER:				872595314
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56658
		FILM NUMBER:		241462639

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 AVE PONCE DE LEON, PH 1521
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00907
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8018715225

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 AVE PONCE DE LEON, PH 1521
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00907

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171520-24-000365.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 eps11637_ebfi.htm

Eco Bright Future, Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 _____________________ 

 FORM 

 _____________________ 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the transition period from to 

Commission File Number: 

_____________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 _____________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or
 organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer
 Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

(Address of
 principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 - 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)

_____________________ 

 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such les). No 

 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the de nitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated ler, 
 smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 nancial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

 As of September 30, 2024, the
registrant had shares of common stock, par value .001 per share outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Consolidated
 Balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 1 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 2 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of cash flows as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 4 
 
 Notes to the
 consolidated Financial Statements as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 10 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 13 

ECO BRIGHT FUTURE, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(UNAUDITED) 

September 30, 
2024 
 December 31, 
2023 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

Software development 

Intangible assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Loans, related party 

Total current liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock; par value, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common stock; par value, and shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
financial statements. 

1 

ECO BRIGHT FUTURE, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months
 Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 REVENUES 

Sales 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Salaries and wages 

Professional fees 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Other expenses 

Other income 

Total other income (expense) 

Income (loss) Before Income Taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net Income (loss) 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Foreign currency translation 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE 

Basic 

Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
financial statements. 

2 

ECO BRIGHT FUTURE, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Total
 Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Currency translation 

Net loss for three months ended September 30, 2023 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Total
 Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance, June 30, 2024 

Currency translation 

Net loss for three months ended September 30, 2024 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Total
 Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Currency translation 

Net income for nine months ended September 30, 2023 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Total
 Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 

Balance December 31, 2023 

Currency translation 

Net loss for nine months ended September 30, 2024 

Balance, September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
financial statements. 

3 

ECO BRIGHT FUTURE, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Currency translation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Software development costs 

Purchase of intangible asset 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Loans from related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
financial statements. 

4 

ECO BRIGHT FUTURE, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 (UNAUDITED) 

, under the laws of the State of . UHS was incorporated on July
12, 2023, under the laws of the country of El Salvador and UHSA was incorporated on March 28, 2019, under the laws of the country of Tunisia.

On December 20, 2023, the Company entered into a
Merger Agreement with United Heritage, Sociedad Anonmima De Capital Variable UHA ), a company organized and existing under
the laws of El Salvador, with its head office located in San Salvador, El Salvador. 

 The Merger Agreement will allow the Company to access
capital markets as a result of public exchange listing to fund its intent to carry on the business of UHA as an artificial intelligence
and blockchain technology company that utilizes real world tokenization to create a virtual investment vehicle on the blockchain linked
to tangible assets such as real estate, precious metals, art and collectibles. The Company intends to provide digital assets from El Salvador,
tokenize assets and develop blockchain tools for entry to countries such as Tunisia and United Arab Emirates and plan to enter into agreements
in connection with its blockchain products in Thailand, Indonesia, and Guatemala. 

 and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

in internal software development costs related to the development of its blockchain based software platform. The software
remains in development and has not been placed in service as of September 30, 2024. 

and , respectively, was recognized from providing consulting services and services related to blockchain technology
software development sales. The revenue was recognized upon completion of services and acceptance by the customer. 

The carrying values of cash, other current assets, property,
loans payable to related parties, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value as of September 30, 2024. Pursuant to ASC
820 and 825, the fair value of cash is determined based on "Level 1" inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets. 

and in revenue generated for software development and consulting was generated from foreign customers in the
country of Tunisia. An Adverse change in either economic conditions abroad or the Company s relationship with foreign entities could
negatively affect the volume of the Company s international sales and operations. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net income (loss) per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

in travel and other corporate expenses. The amounts are short-term loans, do not bear interest,
are unsecured and are to be repaid upon demand with no interest. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an officer
and director of the Company lent cash and paid expenses on behalf of the Company totaling in software development expenses, travel
and other corporate expenses. The amounts are short-term loans, do not bear interest, are unsecured and are to be repaid upon demand with
no interest. 

and at September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, respectively. Foreign currency net gain was for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and a net loss of of the nine
months ended September 30, 2023. 

9 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT
FUTURE RESULTS 

 This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they do not materialize or prove correct, could cause
our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements
of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements concerning:
our plans, strategies and objectives for future operations; new products or developments; future economic conditions, performance or outlook;
the outcome of contingencies; expected cash flows or capital expenditures; our beliefs or expectations; activities, events or developments
that we intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future; and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.
Forward-looking statements may be identified by their use of forward-looking terminology, such as believes, expects, 
 may, should, would, will, intends, 
 plans, estimates, anticipates, projects and similar
words or expressions. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our management s
opinions only as of the date of the filing of this Quarterly Report and are not guarantees of future performance or actual results 

 Business Operations 

 The financial statements presented are
those of Eco Bright Future, Inc. Eco Bright , or the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries United Heritage,
Sociedad Anonmima De Capital Variable UHS and its wholly owned subsidiary Universa Hub Africa UHSA ), collectively, UHA ). The Company is an artificial intelligence and blockchain technology company that utilizes real world tokenization
to create a virtual investment vehicle on the blockchain linked to tangible assets such as real estate, precious metals, art and collectibles.
The Company intends to provide digital assets from El Salvador, tokenize assets and develop blockchain tools for entry to countries such
as Tunisia and United Arab Emirates, and plan to enter into agreements in connection with its blockchain products in Thailand, Indonesia,
and Guatemala. 

 The following presents managements analysis of the consolidated financial
condition of Eco Bright Future, Inc. and Subsidiaries (Eco Bright) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

 Results of Operations 

For the Three months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 

Revenues and Cost of Sales 

We recognized 1,446 and 0 in revenues during the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 from providing non-recurring consulting services related to blockchain technology software development
sales. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses were 31,507 during the three months ended
September 30, 2024, compared to 303 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Operating expenses consisted of 27,787 and 0
in professional fees and 3,720 and 303 in general and administrative expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. The increase in professional fees and general and administrative expenses are the result of increased legal, professional
and other corporate expenses required as a result of the merger agreement and assumption of Eco Bright public reporting requirements. 

Other Income and Expenses 

Other net income was 127 during the three months ended September
30, 2024, while net other expenses were 107 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

10 

Net Loss 

As a result of the above, we recognized net losses of 29,934
and 410 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

For the Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 

Revenues and Cost of Sales 

We recognized 1,446 and 29,172 in revenues during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 from providing non-recurring consulting services related to blockchain technology software development
sales. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses were 90,615 during the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, compared to 16,553 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Operating expenses consisted of 82,806 and 0
in professional fees, 0 and 14,796 in salaries and wages and 7,809 and 1,757 in general and administrative expenses during the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in professional fees and general and administrative expenses are
the result of increased legal, professional and other corporate expenses required as a result of the merger agreement and assumption of
Eco Bright public reporting requirements. 

Other Income and Expenses 

Other net income was an immaterial 127 and 489 during the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Net Loss 

As a result of the above, we recognized a net loss of 89,042
and net income of 13,108 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

We anticipate losses from operations will increase during
the next twelve months due to anticipated increased payroll expenses as we add necessary staff to continue planned operations and increases
in legal and accounting expenses associated with maintaining a public reporting company. We expect that we will continue to have net losses
from operations for several years until revenues become sufficient to offset operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Company 

Current Assets 

Current assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023 totaled 22,460 and 17,400, respectively, consisting of 17,532 and 14,761 in cash, 1,625 and 1,657 in accounts receivable and
 3,303 and 982 in other current assets. 

 Total Assets 

 Total assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023 totaled 235,760 and 17,696, respectively, consisting of 22,460 and 17,400 in current assets and 213,300 and 296 in non-current
software development costs, intangible assets and property and equipment, respectively. 

 Current Liabilities 

Total liabilities of 318,092 and 10,868 were all current
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and consisted of accounts payable and accrued expenses of 12,709 and 10,868,
and loans from related parties for operating expense advances totaling 305,383 and 0, respectively. 

11 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our
operating activities used net cash of 89,312, compared to net cash provided of 8,392 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023.
Uses of cash from operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 are mainly due to the net loss of 89,042 and 499 in changes
in cash used from operating assets and liabilities, partially offset by a net 229 in non-cash operating expenses. Sources of cash provided
from operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 are mainly due to the net income of 13,108 and 829 in non-cash operating
expenses, partially offset by 5,545 in cash used from operating assets and liabilities. 

 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used a
total of 213,300 in cash in investing activities , consisting of 208,500 in cash for software development costs and 4,800 to purchase
an internet domain name. We did not use cash in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received
 305,383 in loans from officers and significant shareholders. We did have any cash financing activity during the nine months ended September
30, 2023. 

At September 30, 2024 we had a working capital deficit of
 295,632, compared to working capital of 6,532 at December 31, 2023. 

 Going Concern 

At September 30, 2024, we only have 22,460 in current assets,
with 318,092 in current liabilities and a 101,635 accumulated deficit. Our current liquidity resources are not sufficient to fund our
anticipated level of operations for at least 12 months from the date these consolidated financial statements were issued. As a result,
there is substantial doubt regarding the Company ability to continue as a going concern. 

The ability to continue Eco Bright s operations depends
on its ability to generate and grow revenue and results of operations as well as our ability to access capital markets when necessary
to accomplish strategic objectives. We expect to continue to incur losses for the immediate future and will need additional equity or
debt financing until we can achieve profitability and positive cash flows from operating activities. Our future capital requirements for
operations will depend on many factors, including the ability to generate revenues and obtain capital. 

There is no assurance that we will ever be profitable or that
debt or equity financing will be available to us. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the
possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may
result should we be unable to continue as a going concern. There is no assurance we will be successful in any of these goals. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 We
had no off-balance sheet arrangements of any kind for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

12 

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 We are a smaller reporting
company and are not required to provide this informaiton 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

 Disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Due to the inherent limitations of control systems, not all misstatements may
be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can
occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion
of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the above objectives have been met. 

 As of September 30, 2024, we carried
out an evaluation, with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer,
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act).
Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective, as of September 30, 2024. 

 The Company had a significant
deficiency in internal control over financial reporting. 

 A deficiency in internal control over financial
reporting exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing
their assigned functions, to prevent, or detect and correct misstatements on a timely basis. A material weakness is a deficiency, or
a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the entity s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely
basis. A reasonable possibility exists when the likelihood of an event occurring is either reasonably possible or probable as defined
as follows: 

Reasonably possible. The chance of the
future event or events occurring is more than remote but less than likely. 

 Probable. The future event or
events are likely to occur. 

A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over 

 financial reporting that is less severe than a material
weakness; yet important enough to merit attention 

 by the audit committee or those responsible for
oversight of the entity s financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

 There was no change
in our system of internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended
September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

13 

PART II OTHER
INFORMATION 

Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None 

Item 1A RISK FACTORS 

Any investment in our securities is highly speculative.
The Company's business and ownership of shares of our common stock are subject to numerous risks. You should not purchase our shares
if you cannot afford to lose your entire investment. You should consider the following risks before acquiring any of our shares. 

 We need additional capital. 

 We need additional financing to grow our operations.
The amount required depends upon our business operations, and how quickly we grow. Varying based on growth strategies, it is estimated
between 5,000,000 and 25,000,000 will have to be raised over the next 2 years. We may be unable to secure this additional required financing
on a timely basis, under terms acceptable to us, or at all. To obtain additional financing, we will sell additional equity securities,
which will further dilute shareholders' ownership in us. Ultimately, if we do not raise the required capital, we may experience delayed
growth or need to cease operations. 

 We are dependent upon our key personnel. 

 We are highly dependent upon the services of Tomaz
Strgar, our Chief Technology Officer. If he terminated his services with us, our business would suffer. 

 There is only a limited trading market for our securities. 

 Our Common Stock is traded on the OTC Pink Sheets.
The prices quoted may not reflect the price at which you can resell your shares. Because of the illiquid nature of our stock, we are subject
to rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that make it difficult for stockbrokers to solicit customers to purchase our stock.
This reduces the number of potential buyers of our stock and may reduce the value of your shares. There can be no assurance that a trading
market for our stock will continue or that you will ever be able to resell your shares at a profit, or at all. 

 Our management controls us. 

 Our current officers and directors own approximately
74 of our outstanding common stock and are able to affect the election of the members of our Board of Directors and make corporate decisions.
Alexander Borodich, by his ownership of Class A Preferred Stock, has the right to vote 49 of our voting securities. 

 We have a going concern issue. 

 Eco Bright's consolidated financial statements are
prepared using Generally Accepted Accounting Principles applicable to a going concern that contemplates the realization of assets and
liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, Eco Bright has recently accumulated losses since its inception and
has had negative cash flows from operations until 2023, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans with respect to alleviating the adverse financial conditions that caused management to express substantial doubt about
the Eco Bright's ability to continue as a going concern are as follows: 

 The ability to continue Eco Bright s operations
depends on its ability to generate and grow revenue and results of operations as well as our ability to access capital markets when necessary
to accomplish strategic objectives. We expect to continue to incur losses for the immediate future and will need additional equity or
debt financing until we can achieve profitability and positive cash flows from operating activities. Our future capital requirements for
operations will depend on many factors, including the ability to generate revenues and obtain capital. 

 There can be no assurance that Eco Bright will be able
to achieve its business plans, raise any more required capital or secure the financing necessary to achieve its current operating plan.
The ability of Eco Bright to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in
the preceding paragraph and eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

14 

Licensing and permissions to tokenize real world
assets could take longer than expected in different jurisdictions. 

 Licensing and permission to tokenize real world assets
legally in the jurisdictions in which we operate could be delayed or denied. If we are unable to obtain all the licenses we are expecting
it could negatively impact our growth potential. 

 The Real World Asset (RWA) Tokenization Market is
Highly Competitive and Fragmented. 

 There are a substantial number of companies attempting
to enter this highly competitive market. We feel we have a good competitive advantage, however there are many companies we will compete
with that are better funded than we are. There is no guarantee we will be able to take the market share we are expecting. Other risks
associated can come from government intervention including, but not necessarily limited to, future government regulation limiting the
scope of activities available to generate revenue and creating technological difficulties. 

 Reporting requirements under the Exchange Act and
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including establishing and maintaining acceptable internal controls over financial reporting,
are costly and may increase substantially. 

 The rules and regulations of the SEC require a public
company to prepare and file periodic reports under the Exchange Act, which will require that the Company engage in legal, accounting,
auditing, and other professional services. The engagement of such services is costly, and we are likely to incur losses that may adversely
affect our ability to continue as a going concern. Additionally, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires, among other things, that we
design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls and procedures over financial reporting. The costs of complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it difficult for us to design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting. If we fail to
maintain an effective system of internal controls or discover material weaknesses in our internal control. In that case, we may not be
able to produce reliable financial reports or report fraud, which may harm our overall financial condition and result in a loss of the
investor confidence and a decline in our share price. 

 We cannot assure you that our Common Stock will
be listed on an exchange. 

 Our common stock is currently traded on the Pink Sheets
under the symbol EBFI. Our goal is to become a fully reporting company, and uplist to a larger exchange, if possible. However, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to meet the initial listing standards of the stock exchanges or quotation medium we are hoping to uplist
to, or that we will be able to maintain a listing of our Common Stock on any stock exchange. After the filing of this Form 10, we expect
that our Common Stock would continue to be eligible to trade on the pink sheets, where our stockholders may find it more
difficult to trade shares in our Common Stock or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our Common Stock. In addition, we
would be subject to an SEC rule that, if we failed to meet the criteria outlined in such rule, imposes various practice requirements on
broker-dealers who sell securities governed by such rule to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently,
such a rule may deter broker-dealers from recommending or trading shares in our Common Stock, which may further affect its liquidity.
This would also make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital following a business combination. 

 Our Common Stock will likely be considered a penny
stock, which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares due to suitability requirements. 

 Our common stock is currently deemed penny stock, 
as that term is defined under the Exchange Act. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than
securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that the exchange or system provides
current price and volume information concerning transactions in such securities). Penny stock rules impose additional sales practice requirements
on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. The term accredited
investor generally refers to institutions with assets over 5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or
an annual income exceeding 200,000 or 300,000 jointly with their spouse. 

 The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before
a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized disclosure document in a form prepared by
the SEC, which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. Moreover, brokers/dealers
are required to determine whether an investment in a penny stock is suitable for a prospective investor. A broker/dealer must receive
a written agreement to the transaction from the investor setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. These
requirements may reduce the potential market for our common stock by reducing the number of potential investors. This may make it more
difficult for investors in our common stock to sell shares to third parties or dispose of them. This could cause our stock price to decline. 

15 

We have never paid dividends on our Common Stock,
and it is not guaranteed that we will in the future. 

 We have never paid dividends on our Common Stock, we
have this option as valid to discuss on the management level and approve it. There are no assurances or guarantees that we will be able
to pay dividends. 

 We are an emerging growth company 
under the JOBS Act of 2012. We cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

 We are an emerging growth company, as
defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ). We may take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that apply to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock, and our stock price may be more
volatile. 

 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of specific accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are taking advantage
of the extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards. 

 We will remain an emerging growth company 
for up to five years, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed 1 billion, if we issue more than 1 billion in
non-convertible debt in three years, or if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
of any June 30. 

 Our status as an emerging growth company 
under the JOBS Act of 2012 may make it more challenging to raise capital as and when we need it. 

 Because of the exemptions from various reporting requirements
provided to us as an emerging growth company and because we will have an extended transition period for complying with new
or revised financial accounting standards, we may be less attractive to investors, and it may be difficult for us to raise additional
capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that
our financial accounting is not as transparent as other companies in our industry. If we cannot raise additional capital as and when we
need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

 We have the right to issue shares of preferred stock.
If we were to issue preferred stock, it is likely to have rights, preferences, and privileges that may adversely affect the common stock. 

 We have preferred stock currently issued and outstanding
and do have the ability to issue more. The issuance of these shares could adversely affect the common stock already outstanding. The aforementioned
preferred stock allows the holder to vote 10 times for each share owned. Currently Alexander Borodich owns 10,000,000 shares representing
100,000,000 votes. These shares hold special voting rights but are not convertible into common stock of the company. 

 There are inherent risks associated with our limitation
of our internal policies and procedures to determine whether crypto assets and crypto-asset related services and products offered or that
we intend to offer are securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(1) 

 Some of our policies and procedures are risk-based
judgments made by the company and not a legal standard or determination binding on any regulatory body or court. This includes the risk
that we could be compliant within the jurisdiction we are operating in but out of compliance within the Securities Division and Governing
Boards of Public Companies. The laws are often changing and keeping up with the specific changes is very important and difficult to manage . 

16 

We have a potential requirement to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 

 The company could be required to register as an investment
company in the future. This could add additional requirements and additional expenses that could negatively impact the company and restrict
our ability to implement certain aspects of our business plan. We do not currently meet The Howey Test and we do not custody
any investments. We currently do not meet the definition of an investment company under Section 2(a)(1). In certain jurisdictions and
depending on how certain assets are held in custody (meaning who holds the asset or commodity in question in their custody)
there could be a need in the future to register as an investment company. We have consulted with our legal counsel and although right
now we do not meet the requirement to register we could at a future date be required to register either through change in who has to register
as an investment company or due to a change in how we operate and do business. We will continue to monitor the situation as it changes
and maintain compliance with SEC governing rules even when we are dealing with foreign jurisdictions. The changing laws and regulations
regarding what is considered an investment company is evolving with current blockchain and crypto technologies. This could change our
regulatory expenses significantly and we could be required to register as an investment company. 

 We are currently applying for several licenses in
different Jurisdictions. If they are not approved it could affect our growth rate. 

 We are currently applying for licenses in El Salvador
and plan to quickly apply for licensing in Thailand and UAE. If these licenses do not get issued it would affect our ability to grow and
would prohibit us from tokenizing many of the assets and commodities we are planning on tokenizing. 

 The use of AI can be expensive, unpredictable and
carries its own risks that are not associated with our individual blockchain technology. 

 The use of AI can also create more regulatory stipulations
and the everchanging environment could make AI implementation difficult or not profitable. Certain AI engines also carry with them security
risks from an encryption aspect. 

 We plan to operate in El Salvador, Tunisia, United
Arab Emirates, Thailand, Indonesia and Guatemala. The risks associated with the various regimes and government oversite in these countries
could impact our business. 

 The governments and regulations in the countries we
plan to operate in could pass legislation affecting our plans for development and growth within the regions. Dealing with the regulatory
environments in these countries can be risky and therefore could affect the growth, expansion and viability of the company in the future. 

 We plan to operate using licenses with El Salvador,
Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Thailand, Indonesia and Guatemala. Any country can change regulations and make licensing and compliance
more difficult and/or more expensive. 

 The operation of licensing across multiple jurisdictions
can be difficult to keep up with current regulations and restrictions. Changes in leadership in the countries can also affect our licenses
even after they are issued. 

 Regulatory developments are rapidly changing related
to crypto assets, the crypto asset markets and artificial intelligence products in El Salvador 

 El Salvador has become a global leader in crypto assets
and crypto markets. They have been aggressively marketing crypto assets and have created regulations within El Salvador that govern their
digital asset markets. This can provide risk if they begin to be more restrictive in certain activities that the company is involved with.
We will be using the Digital Asset Provider License (DASP) from El Salvador and the revocation or suspension of this license could cause
harm to the company. 

 CNAD is the regulating entity in El Salvador and they
have very specific licensing requirements and they update regulations very often. The ongoing compliance has required us to hire a local
individual that is approved by CNAD to assist in the rolling out of new and changing regulations. Licensing requirements are currently
our main focus. In order to be granted a license you must show that your platform meets the guidelines and regulations of the CNAD and
that you have the ability to adapt your platform to their future changes. This is a challenging environment to do business in because
things change quickly and often. 

17 

Regulatory developments are rapidly changing related
to crypto assets, the crypto asset markets and artificial intelligence products in Tunisia. 

 Tunisia is relatively new to the crypto asset market
and will be changing and evolving as they learn and grow. This could be a risk as we are one of the first companies operating with the
government in crypto assets and blockchain technologies in the country. 

 Tunisia has fewer regulatory changes currently happening
than other jurisdictions but licensing requirements exist and ongoing compliance with their regulatory statutes requires supervision and
a knowledgeable individual to monitor compliance. We have been operating in Tunisia for several years and we have a good understanding
of their changing regulations and compliance issues. 

 Regulatory developments are rapidly changing related
to crypto assets, the crypto asset markets and artificial intelligence products in United Arab Emirates. 

 UAE is on the cutting edge of crypto asset markets
and is evolving and designing regulations and restrictions on many aspects of digital assets. As they introduce more regulations we could
have an increased expense in conforming with new policies and procedures. 

 DMCC issues new rules and regulations including licensing
requirements for operating within the UAE. Restrictions include not being able to operate without a license. To obtain licensing you must
prove competence as a company and you must provide detail structure of your KYC/AML process and your overall platform security. Failure
to obtain licensing could adversely affect the company. 

 Regulatory developments are rapidly changing related
to crypto assets, the crypto asset markets and artificial intelligence products in Thailand. 

 Thailand is relatively new to the digital asset market
and we expect to be one of the first companies operating in the way we expect to operate once we get the necessary licenses. Thailand
will monitor closely our actions as a company and will be heavily involved in the way we roll out our products and services. We could
experience delays or additional costs due to regulatory compliance. 

 Thailand has a growing digital market and as they continue
to grow they are adapting their laws and regulations to prevent issues and fraud. The changes include limiting the licenses they are issuing.
We intend to partner with a bank that currently has a license and in order to do this we must comply with the regulatory compliance from
the bank we will work with. This process is ongoing in negotiations and we will release more information on this when we have reached
a final agreement and have permission from our partners to disclose our agreement. If we are unable to proceed with this partnership we
will need to find another partner or apply for our own license. Applying for our own license will greatly increase the timeline in which
we expect to enter the Thai market. 

 Regulatory developments are rapidly changing related
to crypto assets, the crypto asset markets and artificial intelligence products in Indonesia. 

 Indonesia is relatively new to the digital asset market.
Indonesia likely introduce new and wide spread policies and procedures regarding crypto asset markets. We could experience delays or additional
costs due to regulatory compliance. 

 Thailand licenses with the bank we are planning to
work with would allow us to enter Indonesia. Indonesia has their own set of regulations that would also need to be complied with. Our
partners in Thailand will work with our legal team and review the specific requirements before we enter the Indonesian market. If we are
unable to obtain the license through partnership we will apply for a license individually in Indonesia and this would greatly increase
our timeline for entering this market. 

18 

Regulatory developments are rapidly changing related
to crypto assets, the crypto asset markets and artificial intelligence products in Guatemala. 

 Guatemala is more established with their policies than
many other countries in regards to how they treat crypto asset markets but is still evolving and regulations are being changed often.
Upon receiving and entering the market in Guatemala we will likely deal with many changes to the regulations as they implement more policies
and procedures to regulate and protect the market. 

 Guatemala has individual compliance guidelines in regards
to tokenized digital assets. We are monitoring the changes they are implementing and when we approach Guatemala for business we will ensure
we are in compliance with their licensing requirements and that our platform meets their standards for KYC/AML, security features and
the authorized access requirements. 

 Risks Related to Real World Asset Tokenization. 

 There are risks associated with dealing with and issuing
real world asset tokens. These risks include but are not limited to: risks of the underlying asset being damaged or stolen, storage costs,
maintenance costs, the liquidity risks associated with selling the real world assets and the overall risk of theft of not only the tangible
asset but also the token. 

 Our KYC Process and AML process is using a third
party program called SubSum. There are material risks if unauthorized individuals access our platform. 

 There are risks of Fines or regulatory issues if unauthorized
individuals access our platform. We have taken steps to ensure this does not occur. In the event that it does happen we could be adversely
affected in our business and there could be regulatory fines, penalties or levies associated with unauthorized or impermissible access
or activities. 

 Blockchain Technology carries with is certain risks
and compliance issues. 

 Blockchain technologies are heavily regulated and will
likely become more regulated as it becomes more integrated in business and personal use cases. There are also risks associated with cyber
criminals and fraud throughout the world. Blockchain also uses infrastructure that can be slowed or destroyed by natural disasters, power
outages and other uncontrollable circumstances. There are also risks associated with blockchain due to cyber criminals and fraud throughout
the world. 

 Blockchain Cyber criminals are causing issues throughout
the world and have created the need for more regulation from countries attempting to protect companies and consumers. These regulations
can create additional substantial expenses for blockchain companies to operate. Fraudulent activities such as setting up fake accounts
and trying to create fake transactions have created the need for further regulation. hacking wallets has become a significant
risk when dealing with blockchain and crypto asset companies. Hacking wallets can be defined as an unauthorized individual accessing your
individual wallet. 

 As regulation increases and more resources are put
into stopping cyber criminals it is likely that a large financial burden will be put on companies operating blockchains. 

 Blockchain Technology Regulatory developments could
present the company with certain risks and compliance issues. 

 The blockchain technology regulatory environment is
ever changing. Changes to the regulations could affect our ability to implement certain parts or all of our business plan. The areas in
which we intend to operate are evolving their blockchain requirements and maintaining compliance with these changes can become expensive
and very cumbersome for the company. Licensing requirements in many of the jurisdictions in which we intend to operate are evolving and
also many are under their initial development stage. Historically countries have introduced more and more legislation as they continue
to resolve issues related to blockchain regulation. 

 Blockchain Technology outage or impairment could
significantly harm our company. 

 If our blockchain experienced an outage or impairment
or attack from cyber criminals we could have our business model affected in many ways including but not limited to a complete loss of
customer base, loss of a large portion of our customers, bad reputation for being an unstable blockchain or a questionable reputation
for securing information as advertised. 

19 

Item 2 UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

During the 3 months ended September 30, 2024 there were
no sales of unregistered securities. 

Item 3 DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None 

Item 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

N/A 

Item 5 OTHER INFORMATION 

Itme 6 - EXHIBITS 

Exhibit
 No. 
 Description 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 The financial information from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Preferred Stock and Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 

20 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Eco Bright Future, Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ George Athanasiadis 

George Athanasiadis 
 CEO 

Date: November 13,
2024 

21 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31 

Certification 

I, George Athanasiadis, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Eco Bright Future, Inc. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

 /s/ George Athanasiadis 

 Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Director 
 (Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, George Athanasiadis, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Eco Bright Future, Inc. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Eco Bright Future, Inc. 

Dated: November 14, 2024 
 
 /s/ George Athanasiadis 

George Athanasiadis 

Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document
authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written
statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Eco Bright Future, Inc. and will be retained by Eco Bright Future, Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 ebfi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 ebfi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 ebfi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ebfi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

