<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_2025341_0001213900-24-095458.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3168884</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71099</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>820231</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>501193</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>813532</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>912477</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-095458.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107170019
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-095458
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Andretti Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002025341
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42268
		FILM NUMBER:		241436878

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7615 ZIONSVILLE ROAD
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46268
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2057398649

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7615 ZIONSVILLE ROAD
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46268

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-095458.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 ea0219219-10q_andretti2.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 7, 2024, there were
 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 
 
 1 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from May 21, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 
 
 2 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from May 21, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 
 
 3 
 
 Unaudited Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from May 21, 2024 (Inception) Through September 30, 2024 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 17 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 
 20 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 20 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 21 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 21 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 21 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 21 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 21 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 21 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 22 
 
 Part III. Signature 
 
 23 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 23,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months 
Ended September 30, 
 For the Period 
 from May 21, 
 2024 
 (Inception) 
 Through 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 Formation and general costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total other income, net 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A redeemable ordinary shares 

Basic net income per share, Class A redeemable ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A and B non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Basic net income per share, Class A and B non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A and B non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Diluted net income per share, Class A and B non-redeemable ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM MAY 21, 2024 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance May 21, 2024 (Inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

Fair Value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A shares 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM MAY 21, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Payment of formation and general costs through promissory note 

Interest income on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Units 

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note related party 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

. The Company was incorporated for
the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not selected
any specific Business Combination target and the Company had not, nor had anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with the Company. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not
commenced any operations. All activities for the period from May 21, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 relate to the Company s
formation, the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ), which is described below, and subsequent to the Initial
Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after
the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest
income on investments from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal
year end. 

The registration statement for the Company s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on September 5, 2024. On September 9, 2024, the Company consummated the Initial Public
Offering of units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares included in the Units
being offered, the Public Shares ), which included the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in
the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of an aggregate of private placement units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit, to the Company s sponsor, Andretti Sponsor II LLC (the Sponsor ),
and BTIG, LLC BTIG ), the representative of the underwriters of the initial Public Offering, generating gross proceeds of
 , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to , consisting
of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee (see additional discussion in Note 6), and of
other offering costs. 

The Company s Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the net balance in the Trust Account
(as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
on September 9, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the sale of the Private
Placement Units was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account ), with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee and will only be invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations; the holding of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole purpose of facilitating the
intended business combination. To mitigate the risk that the Company might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment
Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds investments in the Trust Account, the Company may, at any time (based
on management team s ongoing assessment of all factors related to the Company s potential status under the Investment Company
Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in
cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the
Private Placement Units will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial
Business Combination within from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or by such earlier liquidation date as the
Company s board of directors may approve (the Completion Window ), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption
of the Company s public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow
redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares if the Company has
not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could
become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s
public shareholders. 

5 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

per public share. 

The ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
were recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity at the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. 

The Company will have only the duration of the
Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window, the Company will as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares
and completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other
distributions, if any), subject to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject
to the other requirements of applicable law. 

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares, private placement shares, and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination
or an earlier redemption in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company
determines it is desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with
respect to their founder shares, private placement shares, and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment
to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares or private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business
Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating
distributions from assets outside the trust account; and (iv) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and
any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions)
in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

The Company s Sponsor has agreed that it
will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company,
or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar
agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per
public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company
believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. 

On September 30, 2024, Zakary C. Brown resigned
as a member of the board of directors of the Company as well as from his position as a member of the compensation committee of the Company s
board of directors. Mr. Brown s departure was not the result of any disagreement with the Company s management or board of
directors on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. 

6 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

and a working capital surplus of . The Company intends to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily
to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices,
plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material
agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC 205-40, Going Concern, as of September 30, 2024, the Company has sufficient funds
for the working capital needs of the Company until a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements. The
Company cannot assure that its plans to consummate an Initial Business Combination will be successful. 

The Company does not believe that it will need
to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating the business. However, if the Company s estimate
of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than
the actual amount necessary to do so, it may have insufficient funds available to operate the business prior to the Company s initial
Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete the Business Combination or because
the Company becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of the public shares upon completion of the Company s Business Combination,
in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 

7 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

in cash and no cash
equivalents as of September 30, 2024. 

, were held in cash invested in U.S. Treasury funds. 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

8 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

for the periods presented. 

warrants
outstanding, including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants as of September 30, 2024. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

9 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic net income per ordinary share 

Denominator: 

Diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Diluted net income per ordinary share 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the
amount of Units, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, and one-half of one redeemable
Public Warrant. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject
to adjustment. Each warrant will become exercisable after the completion of the initial Business Combination and will expire
 five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Warrants As of September
30, 2024, there were warrants outstanding, including Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. Each
whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will
expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

10 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

business days following the Company s initial Business Combination and to maintain a current
prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in
accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their
warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event
the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company
does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky
laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

If the holders exercise their public warrants
on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary
shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares over the exercise
price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of
the Class A ordinary shares for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. 

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A
Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds : The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of per warrant; 

upon
a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period and 

if,
and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to
the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a -trading day
period commencing at least 30 days after completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and ending three business days
before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

11 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private
Placement Unit in a private placement. Each Private Placement Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one-half of warrant
(each, a Private Placement Warrant ). Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary
share at a price of per shares, subject to adjustments. 

The Private Placement Warrants contained in the
Private Placement Units are identical to the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering except, the Private Placement Warrants
(i) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions,
be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) are
entitled to registration rights and (iii) with respect to Private Placement Warrants held by BTIG and/or its designees, will not
be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in this offering in accordance with Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the
Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement
shares, and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption in connection
with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable to facilitate
the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private
placement shares, and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption
in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to their founder shares or private placement shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the Completion Window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares
they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions
from assets outside the trust account; and (iv) vote any founder shares and private placement shares held by them and any public
shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor
of the initial Business Combination. 

12 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

, or approximately per share, for which the Company issued Class B ordinary shares, known
as founders shares, to the Sponsor. Up to of the founder shares may be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration depending
on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment is exercised. On September 9, 2024, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment
option in full as part of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, the founder shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The founder shares are designated as Class B
ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Initial
Public Offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder
shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) the founder shares are entitled to registration
rights; (iii) the Company s sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant
to which they have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, private placement shares and
public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect
to their founder shares, private placement shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the
Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (C) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares
if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the completion window or (D) with respect to any other
material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, (E) waive their rights to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares, public shares, or private placement shares if the
Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the completion window, although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business
Combination within such time period and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the trust account and (F) vote any founder
shares and private placement shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market
and privately-negotiated transactions, aside from shares they may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under
the Exchange Act, which would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination transaction) in favor of the initial Business
Combination, (iv) the founder shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation
of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described
herein and in the Company amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and (v) prior to the closing of the initial
Business Combination, only holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote on the appointment and removal of directors
or continuing the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the Company s
constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way
of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). 

Promissory Note Related Party 

The Sponsor had agreed to loan the Company an
aggregate of up to , as amended on July 16, 2024, to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The
loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2024 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
The Company incurred and repaid the total of outstanding balance under the note at the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on September 9, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, borrowings under the note are no longer available. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on September 5, 2024, through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination or the liquidation, to pay the Sponsor 
per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services. 

Additionally, the Company agreed to pay the Chief
Executive Officer, per month for his services commencing on September 5, 2024, through the earlier of consummation or the initial
Business Combination or the liquidation. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024
and for the period from May 21, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024, the Company incurred and paid in fees for these services. 

13 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into private placement units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. As of
September 30, 2024, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

units to cover over-allotments, if any. On September
9, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment
option to purchase the additional Units at a price of per Unit. 

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate, paid on September 9, 2024, at
the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of
the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or in the aggregate, payable upon the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

14 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

preference shares at par value of each. At September 30, 2024, there were
 no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at par value of each. At September 30, 2024,
there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares at par value of each. On May 24, 2024, the Company
issued Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for , or approximately per share. The founder shares included an
aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters in full. As
of September 30, 2024, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option
of the holder on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or any other equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued
in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business
Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders
of a majority of the outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed
issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal,
in the aggregate, of the sum of (i) the total number of all Class A ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the
Initial Public Offering (including any Class A ordinary shares issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and
excluding the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Units and the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor), plus (ii) all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued, in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued
to the sponsor or any of its affiliates or to officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans) minus (iii) any redemptions
of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders in connection with an initial Business Combination; provided that such conversion
of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

Holders of record of the Company s Class A
ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders.
Unless specified in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange
rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires
the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where
proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company is generally required to approve any matter voted on by
the Company s shareholders. Approval of certain actions requires a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which (except as
specified below) requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do
so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting, and pursuant to the amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, such actions include amending the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the
appointment of directors, meaning, following the Company s initial business combination, the holders of more than of the ordinary
shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will (i) have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and
(ii) be entitled to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution
required to amend the constitutional documents or to adopt new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of the Company approving
a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). Holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not
be entitled to vote on these matters during such time. These provisions of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
may only be amended if approved by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of at least (or, where such amendment is proposed
in respect of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, two-thirds) of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled
to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the Company. 

15 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

The fair value of Public Warrants was determined
using a Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The Public Warrants have been classified within shareholders deficit and will not require
remeasurement after issuance. 

Term (years) Risk-free rate Volatility 

16 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to Andretti Acquisition Corp. II. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to Andretti Sponsor II LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of
operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the Proposed Business Combination
(as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from
the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the Proposed Business
Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus
for its Initial Public Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities
filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities
law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
Cayman Islands on May 21, 2024 formed for the purpose of a Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our
Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units,
our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

On January 24, 2024, the SEC adopted
new rules and regulations for special-purpose acquisition companies SPACs ), which became effective on July 1, 2024 (the
 2024 SPAC Rules ). The 2024 SPAC Rules require, among other matters, (i) additional disclosures relating to SPAC Business
Combination transactions (ii) additional disclosures relating to dilution and to conflicts of interest involving sponsors and their
affiliates in both SPAC initial public offerings and Business Combination transactions; (iii) additional disclosures regarding projections
included in SEC filings in connection with proposed Business Combination transactions and (iv) the requirement that both the SPAC
and its target company be co-registrants for Business Combination registration statements. In addition, the SEC s adopting release
provided guidance describing circumstances in which a SPAC could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including
its duration, asset composition, business purpose, and the activities of the SPAC and its management team in furtherance of such goals.
The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially affect our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and may increase the
costs and time related thereto. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from May 21, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and subsequent to the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust
Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance),
as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net income 581,366, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 664,125, offset by general
and administrative costs of 82,759. 

For the period from May 21, 2024 (inception) through
September 30, 2024, we had net income 537,674, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 664,125,
offset by general and administrative costs of 126,451. 

17 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor
and loans from the Sponsor. 

On September 9, 2024, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 760,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private
Placement Unit to the Sponsor and BTIG, generating gross proceeds of 7,600,000 

Following the Initial Public Offering, a total
of 231,150,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 15,014,904 in Initial Public Offering related costs, including 4,600,000
of cash underwriting fees, 9,775,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and 639,904 of other offering costs. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 231,814,125 (including approximately 664,125 of interest income). We may withdraw interest from the Trust
Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing
interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital
or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust
Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue
our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 876,169.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence
on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their
representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate
and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00
per unit at the option of the lender. The Units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares
upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

18 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement with the Sponsor to pay 2,500 per month for
office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support services. In addition we agree to pay the Chief Executive Officer,
 12,500 per month for his services commencing on September 5, 2024, through the earlier of consummation or the initial Business Combination
or the liquidation. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and for the period from May 21, 2024 (inception) through September 30,
2024, the Company incurred and paid 10,000 in fees for these services. 

The underwriters had a 45-day option from the
date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. On September
9, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment
option to purchase the additional 3,000,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of the financial statements and
related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from
those estimates. The Company has not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our ordinary shares subject to
possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity (deficit). Our ordinary shares feature
certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
as of September 30, 2024, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside
of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheets. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value
immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each
reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of the redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional
paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net Income per Ordinary Share 

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure
requirements of ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and
Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per ordinary share is calculated
by dividing the net income by the weighted average ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period. Diluted net income per share
attributable to ordinary shareholders adjust the basic net income per share attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted-average
ordinary shares outstanding for the potentially dilutive impact of outstanding warrants. However, because the warrants are anti-dilutive,
diluted income per ordinary share is the same as basic income per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

19 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial
statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are
controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our Management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our
Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the quarterly period ended September
30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

20 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report include the risk factors described in our final prospectus for its Initial Public
Offering filed with the SEC. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed
in our final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On May 24, 2024, the Sponsor subscribed for 5,750,000
founder shares for a total subscription price of 25,000 and fully paid for those shares. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to
the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, pursuant to a private placement units purchase agreement, we completed the private placement of an aggregate of 760,000
Private Placement Units to the Sponsor and BTIG, at 10.00 per Unit, each Unit consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of
one redeemable Private Placement Warrant, each Private Placement Warrant exercisable to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share of the Company.
Of those 760,000 Private Placement Units, the Sponsor purchased 450,000 Private Placement Units and BTIG purchased 310,000 Private Placement
Units. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants are not transferrable, assignable or salable until after the completion
of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option and the Private Placement Units, an aggregate of 231,150,000 was placed
in the Trust Account. 

We paid a total of 15,014,904, consisting of
 4,600,000 of cash underwriting fee, 9,775,000 of deferred underwriting fee, and 639,904 of other offering costs. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

Trading Arrangements 

During the quarterly period ended September 30,
2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) or any Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation
S-K. 

21 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated September 5, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2024). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, September 5, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2024). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 5, 2024, by and among the Company and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2024). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated September 5, 2024, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2024). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated September 5, 2024, by and between the Company and BTIG (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2024). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated September 5, 2024, by and among the Company, its officers, directors, and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2024). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated September 5, 2024, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2024). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2024). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

These
certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

22 

SIGNATURE 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ANDRETTI ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Date: November 7 , 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ William M. Brown 

Name: 
 William M. Brown 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021921901ex31-1_andretti2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William M. Brown, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Andretti Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this Quarterly Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by Quarterly Report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in Quarterly Report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in Quarterly
Report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which Quarterly Report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in Quarterly Report my conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by Quarterly Report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in Quarterly Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2024 

/s/ William M. Brown 

William M. Brown 

Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and 
Accounting Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ea021921901ex32-1_andretti2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Andretti
Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, William M. Brown, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Quarterly Report. 

Dated: November 7, 2024 

/s/ William M. Brown 

William M. Brown 

Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and 
Accounting Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 poleu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 poleu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 poleu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 poleu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 poleu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

