<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1410636_0001410636-24-000187.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11456195</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>364780</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2981196</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3826119</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2064918</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2004473</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410636-24-000187.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030163027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410636-24-000187
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Water Works Company, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001410636
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER SUPPLY [4941]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				510063696
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34028
		FILM NUMBER:		241410792

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 WATER STREET
		CITY:			CAMDEN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08102-1658
		BUSINESS PHONE:		856-955-4001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 WATER STREET
		CITY:			CAMDEN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08102-1658

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410636-24-000187.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 awk-20240930.htm
 10-Q

awk-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Shares Outstanding as of October 21, 2024 Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 38 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 53 
 Part II. Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 54 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 55 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 56 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 56 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 56 
 Signatures 
 58 

Throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Form 10-Q ), unless the context otherwise requires, references to the Company and American Water mean American Water Works Company, Inc. and all of its subsidiaries, taken together as a whole. References to the parent company mean American Water Works Company, Inc., without its subsidiaries. 
 The Company maintains a website at https://amwater.com , an Investor Relations website at https://ir.amwater.com , a Sustainability website at https://ir.amwater.com/sustainability and a Diversity and Inclusion website at https://diversityataw.com . Information contained on the Company s websites, including its Sustainability Report, its Inclusion, Diversity and Equity Report, and other reports or documents, shall not be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this report, and any website references included herein are not intended to be made through active hyperlinks. 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Statements included in Part I, Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in other sections of this Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, these forward-looking statements can be identified by words with prospective meanings such as intend, plan, estimate, believe, anticipate, expect, predict, project, propose, assume, forecast, likely, uncertain, outlook, future, pending, goal, objective, potential, continue, seek to, may, can, should, will and could or the negative of such terms or other variations or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things: the Company s future financial performance, liquidity and cash flows; the timing and amount of rate and revenue adjustments, including through general rate case filings, filings for infrastructure surcharges and other governmental agency authorizations and proceedings, and filings to address regulatory lag; the Company s ability to execute its current and long-term business, operational, capital expenditures and growth plans and strategies; the timing and outcome of pending or future acquisition activity, and the ability to achieve organic customer growth; the ability of the Company s California subsidiary to obtain adequate alternative water supplies in lieu of diversions from the Carmel River; the amount, allocation and timing of projected capital expenditures and related funding requirements; the Company s ability to repay or refinance debt; the future impacts of increased or increasing financing costs, inflation and interest rates; the Company s ability to finance current and projected operations, capital expenditure needs and growth initiatives by accessing the debt and equity capital markets and sources of short-term liquidity; the outcome and impact on the Company of governmental and regulatory investigations and proceedings and related potential fines, penalties and other sanctions; the Company s plans and efforts to protect and remediate its computer networks and systems following the Company s October 3, 2024 cybersecurity incident, and the impacts of such incident on the Company and/or its financial condition and results of operations; the ability to meet or exceed the Company s stated environmental and sustainability goals, including its greenhouse gas GHG emission reduction, water delivery efficiency and water system resiliency goals; the ability to complete, and the timing and efficacy of, the design, development, implementation and improvement of technology and other strategic initiatives; the Company s ability to comply with new and changing environmental regulations; the ability to capitalize on existing or future utility privatization opportunities; trends in the water and wastewater industries in which the Company operates, including macro trends with respect to the Company s efforts related to customer, technology and work execution; regulatory, legislative, tax policy or legal developments; and impacts that future significant tax legislation may have on the Company and on its business, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 
 Forward-looking statements are predictions based on the Company s current expectations and assumptions regarding future events. They are not guarantees or assurances of any outcomes, financial results, levels of activity, performance or achievements, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon them. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. The Company s actual results may vary materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements included herein as a result of the following important factors: 
 the decisions of governmental and regulatory bodies, including decisions to raise or lower customer rates; 
 the timeliness and outcome of regulatory commissions and other authorities actions concerning rates, capital structure, authorized return on equity, capital investment, system acquisitions and dispositions, taxes, permitting, water supply and management, and other decisions; 
 changes in customer demand for, and patterns of use of, water and energy, such as may result from conservation efforts, or otherwise; 
 limitations on the availability of the Company s water supplies or sources of water, or restrictions on its use thereof, resulting from allocation rights, governmental or regulatory requirements and restrictions, drought, overuse or other factors; 
 a loss of one or more large industrial or commercial customers due to adverse economic conditions or other factors; 
 present and future proposed changes in laws, governmental regulations and policies, including with respect to the environment (such as, for example, potential improvements to existing Federal regulations with respect to lead and copper service lines and galvanized steel pipe), health and safety, data and consumer privacy, security and protection, water quality and water quality accountability, contaminants of emerging concern (including without limitation per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances PFAS )), public utility and tax regulations and policies, and impacts resulting from U.S., state and local elections and changes in federal, state and local executive administrations; 
 the Company s ability to collect, distribute, use, secure and store consumer data in compliance with current or future governmental laws, regulations and policies with respect to data and consumer privacy, security and protection; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 weather conditions and events, climate variability patterns, and natural disasters, including drought or abnormally high rainfall, prolonged and abnormal ice or freezing conditions, strong winds, coastal and intercoastal flooding, pandemics (including COVID-19) and epidemics, earthquakes, landslides, hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, electrical storms, sinkholes and solar flares; 
 the outcome of litigation and similar governmental and regulatory proceedings, investigations or actions; 
 the risks associated with the Company s aging infrastructure, and its ability to appropriately improve the resiliency of or maintain, update, redesign and/or replace, current or future infrastructure and systems, including its technology and other assets, and manage the expansion of its businesses; 
 exposure or infiltration of the Company s technology and critical infrastructure systems, including the disclosure of sensitive, personal or confidential information contained therein, through physical or cyber attacks or other means, and impacts from required or voluntary public and other disclosures related thereto, including with respect to the Company s reported October 3, 2024 cybersecurity incident; 
 the Company s ability to obtain permits and other approvals for projects and construction, update, redesign and/or replacement of various water and wastewater facilities; 
 changes in the Company s capital requirements; 
 the Company s ability to control operating expenses and to achieve operating efficiencies, and the Company s ability to create, maintain and promote initiatives and programs that support the affordability of the Company s regulated utility services; 
 the intentional or unintentional actions of a third party, including contamination of the Company s water supplies or the water provided to its customers; 
 the Company s ability to obtain and have delivered adequate and cost-effective supplies of pipe, equipment (including personal protective equipment), chemicals, power and other fuel, water and other raw materials, and to address or mitigate supply chain constraints that may result in delays or shortages in, as well as increased costs of, supplies, products and materials that are critical to or used in the Company s business operations; 
 the Company s ability to successfully meet its operational growth projections, either individually or in the aggregate, and capitalize on growth opportunities, including, among other things, with respect to: 
 acquiring, closing and successfully integrating regulated operations, including without limitation the Company s ability to (i) obtain required regulatory approvals for such acquisitions, (ii) prevail in litigation or other challenges related to such acquisitions, and (iii) recover in rates the fair value of assets of the acquired regulated operations; 
 the Company s Military Services Group MSG entering into new military installation contracts, price redeterminations, and other agreements and contracts with the U.S. government; and 
 realizing anticipated benefits and synergies from new acquisitions; 
 risks and uncertainties following the completion of the sale of the Company s Homeowner Services Group HOS ), including: 
 the Company s ability to receive amounts due, payable and owing to the Company under the amended secured seller note when due; and 
 the ability of the Company to redeploy successfully and timely the net proceeds of this transaction into the Company s Regulated Businesses; 
 risks and uncertainties associated with contracting with the U.S. government, including ongoing compliance with applicable government procurement and security regulations; 
 cost overruns relating to improvements in or the expansion of the Company s operations; 
 the Company s ability to successfully develop and implement new technologies and to protect related intellectual property; 
 the Company s ability to maintain safe work sites; 
 the Company s exposure to liabilities related to environmental laws and regulations, including those enacted or adopted and under consideration, and the substances related thereto, including without limitation lead and galvanized steel, PFAS and other contaminants of emerging concern, and similar matters resulting from, among other things, water and wastewater service provided to customers; 
 the ability of energy providers, state governments and other third parties to achieve or fulfill their GHG emission reduction goals, including without limitation through stated renewable portfolio standards and carbon transition plans; 
 changes in general economic, political, business and financial market conditions; 
 access to sufficient debt and/or equity capital on satisfactory terms and as needed to support operations and capital expenditures; 
 fluctuations in inflation or interest rates, and the Company s ability to address or mitigate the impacts thereof; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 the ability to comply with affirmative or negative covenants in the current or future indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or the issuance of new or modified credit ratings or outlooks by credit rating agencies with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries (or any current or future indebtedness thereof), which could increase financing costs or funding requirements and affect the Company s or its subsidiaries ability to issue, repay or redeem debt, pay dividends or make distributions; 
 fluctuations in the value of, or assumptions and estimates related to, its benefit plan assets and liabilities, including with respect to its pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, that could increase expenses and plan funding requirements; 
 changes in federal or state general, income and other tax laws, including (i) future significant tax legislation or regulations (including without limitation impacts related to the Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax), and (ii) the availability of, or the Company s compliance with, the terms of applicable tax credits and tax abatement programs; 
 migration of customers into or out of the Company s service territories and changes in water and energy consumption resulting therefrom; 
 the use by municipalities of the power of eminent domain or other authority to condemn the systems of one or more of the Company s utility subsidiaries, including without limitation litigation and other proceedings with respect to the water system assets of the Company s California subsidiary Cal Am located in Monterey, California (the Monterey system assets ), or the assertion by private landowners of similar rights against such utility subsidiaries; 
 any difficulty or inability to obtain insurance for the Company, its inability to obtain insurance at acceptable rates and on acceptable terms and conditions, or its inability to obtain reimbursement under existing or future insurance programs and coverages for any losses sustained; 
 the incurrence of impairment charges, changes in fair value and other adjustments related to the Company s goodwill or the value of its other assets; 
 labor actions, including work stoppages and strikes; 
 the Company s ability to retain and attract highly qualified and skilled employees and/or diverse talent; 
 civil disturbances or unrest, or terrorist threats or acts, or public apprehension about future disturbances, unrest, or terrorist threats or acts; and 
 the impact of new, and changes to existing, accounting standards. 
 These forward-looking statements are qualified by, and should be read together with, the risks and uncertainties set forth above, and the risk factors and other statements contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K and in this Form 10-Q, and readers should refer to such risks, uncertainties and risk factors in evaluating such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements the Company makes shall speak only as of the date this Form 10-Q was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Except as required by the federal securities laws, the Company does not have any obligation, and it specifically disclaims any undertaking or intention, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all such factors. Furthermore, it may not be possible to assess the impact of any such factor on the Company s businesses, either viewed independently or together, or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 American Water Works Company, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted funds Accounts receivable, net of allowance for uncollectible accounts of and , respectively 
 Income tax receivable Unbilled revenues Materials and supplies Other Total current assets Regulatory and other long-term assets: Regulatory assets Secured seller promissory note from the sale of the Homeowner Services Group Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other Total regulatory and other long-term assets Total assets 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

American Water Works Company, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES Capitalization: Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued, respectively) 
 Paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost and shares, respectively) 
 ) ) Total common shareholders' equity Long-term debt Redeemable preferred stock at redemption value Total long-term debt Total capitalization Current liabilities: Short-term debt Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Accrued taxes Accrued interest Other Total current liabilities Regulatory and other long-term liabilities: Advances for construction Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits Regulatory liabilities Operating lease liabilities Accrued pension expense Other Total regulatory and other long-term liabilities Contributions in aid of construction Commitments and contingencies (See Note 11) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 American Water Works Company, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating revenues Operating expenses: Operation and maintenance Depreciation and amortization General taxes Other ) ) Total operating expenses, net Operating income Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Non-operating benefit costs, net Other, net Total other (expense) income ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income attributable to common shareholders Basic earnings per share: (a) Net income attributable to common shareholders Diluted earnings per share: (a) Net income attributable to common shareholders Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 (a) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 American Water Works Company, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 (In millions) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to common shareholders Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Defined benefit pension plan actuarial loss, net of tax of for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges, net of tax of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale fixed-income securities, net of tax of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 American Water Works Company, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (In millions) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile to net cash flows provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits Provision for losses on accounts receivable Pension and non-pension postretirement benefits ) ) Other non-cash, net ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables and unbilled revenues ) ) Income tax receivable Pension contributions ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued taxes Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Removal costs from property, plant and equipment retirements, net ) ) Purchases of available-for-sale fixed-income securities ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale fixed-income securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from long-term debt, net of discount Repayments of long-term debt ) ) Net proceeds from common stock financing Net short-term borrowings (repayments) with maturities less than three months ) Advances and contributions in aid of construction, net of refunds of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Debt issuance costs ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted funds ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted funds at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted funds at end of period Non-cash investing activity: Capital expenditures acquired on account but unpaid as of the end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 American Water Works Company, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 (In millions) 
 Common Stock Paid-in-Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Par Value Shares At Cost Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Common stock issuances (a) 
 ) Net other comprehensive income Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Common stock issuances (a) Net other comprehensive income Dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Common stock issuances (a) Net other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 (a) 
 Common Stock Paid-in-Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Par Value Shares At Cost Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Common stock issuances (a) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Common stock issuances (a) Net other comprehensive income Dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Common stock issuances (a) Dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 (a) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 American Water Works Company, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 (Unless otherwise noted, in millions, except per share data) 

million in tax credits in connection with its capital investment in its corporate headquarters in Camden, New Jersey. The Company was qualified to receive the tax credits over a period commencing in 2019. 
 In the first quarters of 2024 and 2023, the NJEDA issued the utilization certificates for the 2021 and 2020 tax credits, respectively, to the Company in the amount of million each. The Company sold these tax credits to an external party for million each. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had assets of million in other current assets and million in other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the 2022 through 2028 tax credits. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had assets of million in other current assets and million in other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the 2021 through 2028 tax credits. The Company has made the necessary annual filing for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. The submitted filings are under review by the NJEDA and it is expected that the Company will receive final NJEDA approval and monetize the 2022 tax credits in 2024 and the 2023 tax credits in 2025. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted funds Restricted funds included in other long-term assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted funds as presented on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows) ) Amounts charged to expense ) ) Amounts written off Other, net (a) ) Balance as of September 30 ) ) 
 (a) This portion of the allowance for uncollectible accounts is primarily related to COVID-19 related regulatory asset activity. 
 
 Pennsylvania August 7, 2024 Indiana, Step Increases (a) Kentucky May 3, 2024 (b) West Virginia February 25, 2024 Total general rate case authorizations 
 (a) In 2024, million was effective May 10 and million was effective February 21. 
 (b) The Kentucky Public Service Commission issued its final order on May 3, 2024. On May 16, 2024, the Kentucky subsidiary filed a petition for rehearing. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 million annualized increase in the New Jersey subsidiary s water and wastewater revenues, effective September 15, 2024, based on (i) an authorized return on equity of , (ii) an authorized rate base of billion, (iii) a common equity ratio of , and (iv) a long-term debt ratio of . The annualized revenue increase is driven primarily by billion of incremental capital investments since the New Jersey subsidiary s last general rate case. The New Jersey subsidiary will continue to defer as a regulatory asset or liability, as appropriate, until its next general rate case, the difference between its pension expense and other postretirement benefits expense and those amounts included in base rates. 
 On July 22, 2024, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission (the PaPUC released an order approving the adjustment of base rates requested in a general rate case filed by the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary on November 8, 2023. The PaPUC approved a million annualized increase in the Pennsylvania subsidiary s water and wastewater system revenues, excluding previously recovered infrastructure surcharges of million, based on (i) an authorized return on equity of , (ii) an authorized rate base of billion, which reflects, as requested and included in the general rate case, approximately billion in capital investments to be made through mid-2025, (iii) a common equity ratio of , and (iv) a long-term debt ratio of . Certain acquisitions that were or remain pending, including the acquisition of the wastewater collection and treatment system of the Butler Area Sewer Authority, were excluded from authorized base rates. The new rates were effective on August 7, 2024, except that new wastewater rates for recently acquired systems, including the City of York, will take effect during the first half of 2025 in accordance with the terms of the relevant acquisition agreements. As part of its approval of this rate adjustment, the PaPUC initiated an investigation into certain reported water service and water quality issues in the Pennsylvania subsidiary s Northeastern service territory, which reports had been provided during public input hearings convened in the general rate case. 
 On May 3, 2024, the Kentucky Public Service Commission (the KPSC issued an order approving the adjustment of base rates requested in a rate case filed on June 30, 2023, by the Company s Kentucky subsidiary. The general rate case order approved an million annualized increase in water revenues, excluding infrastructure surcharge revenues of million which continue to be recovered in the Kentucky subsidiary s approved infrastructure mechanism. The annualized increase is based upon an authorized return on equity of , authorized rate base of million, which reflects capital investments through January 31, 2025, and a capital structure with a common equity ratio of . Interim rates in this proceeding were effective on February 6, 2024, and the order required that the difference between interim and final approved rates be subject to refund no later than August 26, 2024. On May 16, 2024, the Kentucky subsidiary filed with the KPSC a petition for rehearing of the KPSC s order, seeking clarification and/or correction of certain computational inconsistencies that the Kentucky subsidiary believes are reflected in the KPSC s order with respect to the authorized amount of annualized revenues to be received by the Kentucky subsidiary. The petition for rehearing also requested that any revisions become effective February 6, 2024, with any difference between the adjusted amount and initial approved rates subject to refund or collection. On May 28, 2024, the KPSC granted the request for rehearing, and the Kentucky subsidiary expects resolution of this proceeding later in 2024. 
 On February 23, 2024, the West Virginia Public Service Commission issued an order approving the adjustment of base rates requested in a rate case filed on May 1, 2023, by the Company s West Virginia subsidiary. The general rate case order approved an million annualized increase in water and wastewater system revenues, excluding previously recovered infrastructure surcharges of million, based on an authorized return on equity of , authorized rate base of million, which reflects capital investments through February 2024, a common equity ratio of and a long-term debt ratio of . The increased water and wastewater revenues related to the base rate adjustment are being driven primarily by (i) million of related water and wastewater system capital investments made since the completion of the West Virginia subsidiary s previous rate case, (ii) higher pension and other postretirement benefit costs, and (iii) increases in production costs, including chemicals, fuel and power costs. 
 On February 14, 2024, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission issued an order approving the adjustment of base rates requested in a rate case filed on March 31, 2023, by the Company s Indiana subsidiary. The general rate case order approved a million annualized increase in water and wastewater system revenues, excluding previously recovered infrastructure surcharges, based on an authorized return on equity of , authorized rate base of billion, a common equity ratio of and a debt ratio of . For purposes of determining rates, the adjustment is based on an equity component of due to the regulatory practice in Indiana of including certain zero-cost items or tax credit balances in the capital structure calculation. The annualized revenue increase will include three step increases, with million of the increase to be included in rates in February 2024, million in May 2024, and million in May 2025. The increases are being driven primarily by (i) over million of water and wastewater system capital investments since the completion of the Indiana subsidiary s last rate case and through April 30, 2025, (ii) higher pension and other postretirement benefit costs, and (iii) increases in production costs, including chemicals, fuel and power costs. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million in annualized incremental revenues, which is based on a proposed return on equity of and a capital structure with an equity component of and debt component of . The requested annualized incremental revenue is driven primarily by approximately million in capital investments made and to be made by the Hawaii subsidiary through 2025. The Hawaii subsidiary anticipates that the general rate case proceeding will be completed by mid-2025. 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company s Missouri subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting approximately million in annualized incremental revenues. The request is based on a return on equity of and a capital structure with an equity component of and a long-term debt component of . The requested annualized incremental revenue is driven primarily by billion of incremental capital investments completed and planned by the Missouri subsidiary from January 2023 through May 2026. On July 31, 2024, the Missouri Public Service Commission issued an order establishing the test year in this case, which modified the Missouri subsidiary s original proposal for a future test year through May 2026, and instead reverted to a true-up period through December 31, 2024, with an allowance for proposed discrete adjustments subsequent to this date. On September 6, 2024, the Missouri subsidiary filed supplemental testimony to revise the request to approximately million in annualized incremental revenues and define the specific discrete adjustments proposed through the rate effective period, which lowered the incremental capital investments completed and planned to billion through May 2025. The Missouri subsidiary anticipates that the general rate case proceeding will be completed by mid-2025. 
 On May 1, 2024, the Company s Iowa subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting approximately million in additional annualized revenues, which is based on a proposed return on equity of and a capital structure with an equity component of and debt component of . The requested annualized revenue increase is driven primarily by approximately million in capital investments made and to be made by the Iowa subsidiary through March 2026. Interim rates became effective May 11, 2024, with the difference between interim and final approved rates subject to refund. On August 29, 2024, the Iowa subsidiary submitted supplemental testimony consistent with the procedural schedule, which was subsequently challenged by the parties in the proceeding. On October 4, 2024, the Iowa Utilities Commission issued an order that granted the inclusion of the supplemental filing and extended the procedural schedule in the case beyond the statutory ten-month period. The Iowa subsidiary now expects resolution of this proceeding by May 2025. 
 On May 1, 2024, the Company s Tennessee subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting approximately million in additional annualized revenues, which is based on a proposed return on equity of and a capital structure with an equity component of and debt component of . The requested annualized revenue increase is driven primarily by approximately million in capital investments made and to be made by the Tennessee subsidiary through December 2025. 
 On January 25, 2024, the Company s Illinois subsidiary filed tariffs for new water and wastewater rates. The request seeks a two-step rate increase consisting of aggregate annualized incremental revenue, based on a proposed return on equity of , of (i) approximately million, excluding infrastructure surcharges of million, effective January 1, 2025, based on a future test year through December 31, 2025, with average rate base and a capital structure with an equity component of and a debt component of , and (ii) approximately million effective January 1, 2026, based on a future test year to include end of period rate base and a capital structure with an equity component of and a debt component of . The requested increases are driven primarily by an estimated million in capital investments to be made by the Illinois subsidiary from January 2024 through December 2025. The request also proposes a treatment and compliance rider to address recovery of future environmental compliance investments, and a modification to the existing volume balancing account mechanism to include full production cost recovery. The requested increase was subsequently updated in the Illinois subsidiary s June 20, 2024, rebuttal filing, with the first step request adjusted to million in additional annualized revenues. On October 24, 2024, a proposed order was issued by the administrative law judge in the proceeding, recommending a return on equity and a capital structure with an equity component of and a debt component of . In addition, the proposed order recommended against the Illinois subsidiary s second-step increase. The recommendations in the proposed order may be accepted, modified or rejected by the Illinois Commerce Commission. A final order in the case is expected no later than December 17, 2024, with new rates implemented January 1, 2025. 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company s California subsidiary submitted a request to delay by its cost of capital filing and maintain its current authorized cost of capital through 2025. On February 2, 2024, the California Public Utilities Commission CPUC granted the request for a extension of the cost of capital filing to May 1, 2025, to set its authorized cost of capital beginning January 1, 2026. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million in additional annualized revenues. The request is based on a proposed return on equity of and a capital structure with an equity component of and a debt and other component of . The requested increase is driven by approximately million in capital investments between May 2023 and April 2025. The request also proposed a revenue decoupling mechanism and seeks deferral of certain production cost adjustments. Interim rates became effective May 1, 2024, with the difference between interim and final approved rates subject to refund. On September 20, 2024, the Virginia subsidiary filed with the Virginia State Corporation Commission (the SCC a black box stipulation of settlement which agreed to a million annualized increase in the Virginia subsidiary s revenues. The stipulation of settlement also agreed, solely for purposes of the Virginia subsidiary s future filings requiring a stated cost of capital and/or capital structure (including its annual information and water and wastewater infrastructure surcharge filings), that its return on equity will be and its capital structure will consist of an equity component of and a debt and other component of . The stipulation of settlement remains subject to SCC review and approval. 
 On July 1, 2022, the Company s California subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting an increase in 2024 revenue of million and a total increase in revenue over the 2024 to 2026 period of million, all as compared to 2022 revenues. The Company updated its filing in January 2023 to capture the authorized step increase effective January 1, 2023. The filing was also updated to incorporate a decoupling proposal and a revision to the Company s sales and associated variable expense forecast. The revised filing requested additional annualized revenues for the test year 2024 of million, compared to 2023 revenues. This excludes the proposed step rate and attrition rate increase for 2025 and 2026 of million and million, respectively. The total revenue requirement request for the rate case cycle, incorporating updates to present rate revenues and forecasted demand, is million. On November 17, 2023, the California subsidiary filed with the CPUC a partial settlement agreement reached with the CPUC s Public Advocates Office, which would determine the amount of incremental annualized water and wastewater revenue to be received by the California subsidiary to be million in the 2024 test year, million in the 2025 escalation year, and million in the 2026 attrition year . The partial settlement agreement addresses the California subsidiary s revenue requirement request but does not address rate design or certain other matters, such as the requested inclusion and implementation of a revenue stability mechanism to separate the California subsidiary s revenue and water sales. On August 27, 2024, a proposed decision was issued in the proceeding which, among other provisions, recommended adoption by the CPUC of the partial settlement agreement and recommended denial of the California subsidiary s proposed Water Resources Sustainability Plan decoupling mechanism and its currently effective Annual Consumption Adjustment Mechanism. On September 16, 2024, and September 23, 2024, the California subsidiary submitted comments in the proceeding continuing to support its position and recommending the CPUC revise the proposed decision to approve the Water Resource Sustainability Plan decoupling mechanism and maintain the Annual Consumption Adjustment Mechanism. The CPUC will consider the proposed decision and all responsive comments and will issue a final decision in the proceeding, which is currently scheduled for December 5, 2024, with new rates implemented retroactively to January 1, 2024. 
 Infrastructure Surcharges 
 A number of states have authorized the use of regulatory mechanisms that permit rates to be adjusted outside of a general rate case for certain costs and investments, such as infrastructure surcharge mechanisms that permit recovery of capital investments to replace aging infrastructure. 
 Pennsylvania (c) New Jersey April 30, 2024 Iowa March 1, 2024 West Virginia (a) March 1, 2024 Illinois January 1, 2024 Total infrastructure surcharge authorizations 
 (a) On March 5, 2024, the West Virginia Public Service Commission directed the Company s West Virginia subsidiary to interpret the distribution system improvement charge DSIC Order as having included within the DSIC the amortization of a prior authorized deferral associated with a large treatment plant project. The inclusion of this deferral increased the net incremental revenue by million to a total of million effective March 1, 2024. 
 (b) In 2024, million was effective July 11 and million was effective January 20. 
 (c) In 2024, million was effective July 1 and million was effective April 1. 
 Pending Infrastructure Surcharge Filings 
 On September 3, 2024, the Company s Missouri subsidiary filed an infrastructure surcharge proceeding requesting million in additional annualized revenues. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million in additional annualized revenues. 
 On June 28, 2024, the Company s West Virginia subsidiary filed an infrastructure surcharge proceeding requesting million in additional annualized revenues. 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 In September 2020, the CPUC released a decision under its Low-Income Rate Payer Assistance program rulemaking that required the Company s California subsidiary to file a proposal to alter its water revenue adjustment mechanism in its next general rate case filing in 2022, which would have become effective upon receiving an order in the current pending rate case. On October 5, 2020, the Company s California subsidiary filed an application for rehearing of the decision and following the CPUC s denial of its rehearing application in September 2021, the Company s California subsidiary filed a petition for writ of review with the California Supreme Court on October 27, 2021. On May 18, 2022, the California Supreme Court issued a writ of review for the California subsidiary s petition and the petitions filed by other entities challenging the decision. On July 8, 2024, the California Supreme Court issued a unanimous opinion concluding that the CPUC did not regularly seek to exercise its authority when it prohibited water utilities from proposing to continue their water revenue adjustment mechanisms. Accordingly, the California Supreme Court vacated the portion of the CPUC s 2020 decision relating to this prohibition against continuation of such water revenue adjustment mechanisms. 
 Independent of the judicial challenge, California passed Senate Bill 1469, which allows the CPUC to consider and authorize the implementation of a mechanism that separates the water corporation s revenue and its water sales. Legislation was signed by the Governor on September 30, 2022, and became effective on January 1, 2023. In response to the legislation, on January 27, 2023, the Company s California subsidiary filed an updated application requesting the CPUC to consider a Water Resources Sustainability Plan decoupling mechanism in its pending 2022 general rate case, which, if adopted, will become effective upon receiving an order in the current pending rate case, as discussed above. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial Fire service Industrial Public and other Total water services Wastewater services: Residential Commercial Industrial Public and other Total wastewater services Miscellaneous utility charges Alternative revenue programs ) ) Lease contract revenue Total Regulated Businesses ) Other ) Total operating revenues ) 
 (a) Includes revenues associated with provisional rates, alternative revenue programs, lease contracts and intercompany rent, which are outside the scope of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue From Contracts With Customers ASC 606 ), and accounted for under other existing GAAP. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial Fire service Industrial Public and other Total water services Wastewater services: Residential Commercial Industrial Public and other Total wastewater services Miscellaneous utility charges Alternative revenue programs ) ) Lease contract revenue Total Regulated Businesses ) Other Total operating revenues ) 
 (a) Includes revenues associated with alternative revenue programs, lease contracts and intercompany rent, which are outside the scope of ASC 606, and accounted for under other existing GAAP. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial Fire service Industrial Public and other Total water services Wastewater services: Residential Commercial Industrial Public and other Total wastewater services Miscellaneous utility charges Alternative revenue programs ) ) Lease contract revenue Total Regulated Businesses Other ) Total operating revenues 
 (a) Includes revenues associated with provisional rates, alternative revenue programs, lease contracts and intercompany rent, which are outside the scope of ASC 606, and accounted for under other existing GAAP. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial Fire service Industrial Public and other Total water services Wastewater services: Residential Commercial Industrial Public and other Total wastewater services Miscellaneous utility charges Alternative revenue programs Lease contract revenue Total Regulated Businesses Other ) Total operating revenues 
 (a) Includes revenues associated with alternative revenue programs, lease contracts and intercompany rent, which are outside the scope of ASC 606, and accounted for under other existing GAAP. 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract assets and contract liabilities are the result of timing differences between revenue recognition, billings, and cash collections. In the Company s Military Services Group MSG ), certain contracts are billed as work progresses in accordance with agreed-upon contractual terms, either at periodic intervals or upon achievement of contractual milestones. Contract assets are recorded when billing occurs subsequent to revenue recognition and are reclassified to accounts receivable when billed and the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Contract liabilities are recorded when the Company receives advances from customers prior to satisfying contractual performance obligations, particularly for construction contracts, and are recognized as revenue when the associated performance obligations are satisfied. 
 Contract assets of million and million are included in unbilled revenues on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Also, contract assets of million are included in other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, and there were contract assets in other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023. Contract liabilities of million and million are included in other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Also, contract liabilities of million are included in other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, and there were contract liabilities in other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023. Revenues recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, from amounts included in contract liabilities were million and million, respectively. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 billion as of September 30, 2024, as measured by estimated remaining contract revenue. Such contracts are subject to customary termination provisions held by the U.S. government, prior to the agreed-upon contract expiration. Contracts with municipalities and commercial customers expire between 2026 and 2038 and have RPOs of million as of September 30, 2024, as measured by estimated remaining contract revenue. 
 
 million, which added approximately wastewater customers, including customers indirectly in surrounding communities. Assets acquired from this acquisition, principally utility plant, totaled million and liabilities assumed totaled million. This acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and the preliminary purchase price allocation will be finalized once the valuation of assets acquired has been completed, no later than one year after the acquisition date. 
 In addition to the acquisition of the Granite City wastewater treatment plant and related assets noted above, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company closed on acquisitions of various regulated water and wastewater systems for a total aggregate purchase price of million, which added approximately water and wastewater customers. Assets acquired from these acquisitions consisted principally of utility plant. All of these acquisitions were accounted for as a business combination and the preliminary purchase price allocation will be finalized once the valuation of assets acquired has been completed, no later than one year after the acquisition date. 
 The pro forma impact of the Company s acquisitions was not material to the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Closed Acquisitions - After September 30, 2024 
 On September 26, 2024, the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court issued an order dismissing the appeals of Center Township and Summit Township, which sought to reverse the November 9, 2023, order entered by the PaPUC which approved a settlement agreement without modification with respect to the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary s application to acquire the wastewater collection and treatment system assets (the System Assets from the Butler Area Sewer Authority. On October 29, 2024, the Pennsylvania subsidiary acquired the System Assets from the Butler Area Sewer Authority for a purchase price of million, in cash. This system provides wastewater service for approximately customer connections. The acquisition will be accounted for as a business combination in the fourth quarter of 2024 and the preliminary purchase price allocation consists primarily of utility plant. 
 Pending Acquisitions 
 Effective March 24, 2023, the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary acquired the rights to buy the wastewater system assets of Towamencin Township, for an aggregate purchase price of million. On August 28, 2024, Towamencin Township and the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary began the process to terminate the asset purchase agreement. On October 15, 2024, the PaPUC issued a Certificate of Filing, which approves the termination of the asset purchase agreement with respect to this acquisition. As a result, the asset purchase agreement and all rights and obligations of the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary thereunder have been terminated without penalty. 
 Sale of Homeowner Services Group 
 On December 9, 2021 (the Closing Date ), the Company sold all of the equity interests in subsidiaries that comprised the Homeowner Services Group HOS to a wholly owned subsidiary (the Buyer of funds advised by Apax Partners LLP, a global private equity advisory firm, for total consideration of approximately billion. The consideration at closing was comprised of million in cash, a secured seller promissory note payable in cash and issued by the Buyer in the principal amount of million, with an interest rate of per year, and a contingent cash payment of million payable upon satisfaction of certain conditions on or before December 31, 2023. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 million to million, in full satisfaction of the million contingent cash payment payable under the HOS sale agreement. In addition, the interest rate payable on the secured seller note has increased from per year to per year until maturity. The Company recognized million and million of interest income during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million of interest income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, from the secured seller note. The secured seller note requires compliance with affirmative and negative covenants (subject to certain conditions, limitations and exceptions), including a covenant limiting the incurrence by the Buyer and certain affiliates of additional indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds, but does not include any financial maintenance covenants. Certain of these covenants have been amended, including to provide for annual reductions of specified debt incurrence ratios. Furthermore, the amendment to the secured seller note eliminated the conditional right, beginning December 9, 2024, to require a repayment, without premium or penalty, of of the outstanding principal amount in full in cash together with all accrued and unpaid interest and other obligations thereunder. The final maturity date of the secured seller note remains December 9, 2026. The repayment obligations of the Buyer under the seller note are secured by a first priority security interest in certain property of the Buyer and the former HOS subsidiaries, including their cash and securities accounts, as well as a pledge of the equity interests in each of those subsidiaries, subject to certain limitations and exceptions. 
 The secured seller note may not be prepaid at the Buyer s election except in certain limited circumstances before the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date. If the Buyer seeks to repay the secured seller note in breach of this non-call provision, an event of default will occur under the secured seller note and the Company may, among other actions, demand repayment in full together with a premium ranging from to of the outstanding principal amount of the loan and a customary make-whole payment. ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net other comprehensive income Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Net other comprehensive income Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 The Company does not reclassify the amortization of defined benefit pension cost components from accumulated other comprehensive loss directly to net income in its entirety, as a portion of these costs have been deferred as a regulatory asset. These accumulated other comprehensive loss components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. 
 The amortization of the gain (loss) on cash flow hedges is reclassified to net income during the period incurred and is included in Interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 An unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale fixed-income securities is reclassified to net income upon sale of the securities as a realized gain or loss and is included in Other, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 per share to shareholders of record as of August 13, 2024. 
 On October 29, 2024, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of per share, payable on December 3, 2024, to shareholders of record as of November 12, 2024. Future dividends, when and as declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors, will be dependent upon future earnings and cash flows, compliance with various regulatory, financial and legal requirements, and other factors. See Note 9 Shareholders Equity in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company s Form 10-K for additional information regarding the payment of dividends on the Company s common stock. 
 
 billion debt offering, which included the sale of million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due 2034 and million aggregate principal amount of its senior notes due 2054. At the closing of this offering, AWCC received, after deduction of underwriting discounts and before deduction of offering expenses, net proceeds of approximately million. AWCC used the net proceeds of the offering (1) to lend funds to American Water and the Regulated Businesses; (2) to repay at maturity AWCC s Senior Notes due 2024; (3) to repay AWCC s commercial paper obligations; and (4) for general corporate purposes. 
 In addition to the notes issued by AWCC as described above, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, AWCC and the Company s regulated subsidiaries issued in the aggregate million of private activity bonds and government funded debt in multiple transactions with annual interest rates ranging from to , a weighted average interest rate of , and maturity dates ranging from 2025 through 2061. million of the private activity bonds and government funded debt issued by the Company's regulated subsidiaries during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were collateralized. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, AWCC and the Company s regulated subsidiaries made sinking fund payments for, or repaid at maturity, million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding long-term debt, with annual interest rates ranging from to , a weighted average interest rate of , and maturity dates ranging from 2024 to 2061. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company entered into treasury lock agreements, with a term of years or years, with notional amounts totaling million. These treasury lock agreements have an average fixed interest rate of . The Company designated these treasury lock agreements as cash flow hedges, with their fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss. 
 The Company had entered into treasury lock agreements through February 2024, with notional amounts totaling million. The Company designated these treasury lock agreements as cash flow hedges, with their fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss. In February 2024, the Company terminated the treasury lock agreements realizing a pre-tax net gain of million, to be amortized through Interest expense over a period or period, in accordance with the tenor of the notes issued on February 23, 2024. 
 ineffectiveness was recognized on hedging instruments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 On June 29, 2023, AWCC issued million aggregate principal amount of Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2026 (the Notes ). AWCC received net proceeds of approximately million, after deduction of underwriting discounts and commissions but before deduction of offering expenses payable by AWCC. A portion of the net proceeds was used to repay AWCC s commercial paper obligations and the remainder was used for general corporate purposes. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations of AWCC and have the benefit of a support agreement from parent company, which serves as the functional equivalent of a guarantee by parent company of the obligations of AWCC under the Notes. The Notes will mature on June 15, 2026 (the Maturity Date ), unless earlier exchanged or repurchased. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 per share of common stock). The initial exchange rate of the Notes is subject to adjustment as provided in the indenture pursuant to which the Notes were issued (the Note Indenture ). Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding March 15, 2026, the Notes are exchangeable at the option of the noteholders only upon the satisfaction of specified conditions and during certain periods described in the Note Indenture. On or after March 15, 2026, until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, the Notes will be exchangeable at the option of the noteholders at any time regardless of these conditions or periods. Upon any exchange of the Notes, AWCC will (1) pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes and (2) pay or deliver (or cause to be delivered), as the case may be, cash, shares of parent company's common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of such common stock, at AWCC's election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of AWCC s exchange obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being exchanged. 
 AWCC may not redeem the Notes prior to the Maturity Date, and no sinking fund is provided for the Notes. Subject to certain conditions, holders of the Notes will have the right to require AWCC to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, as defined in the Note Indenture, at a repurchase price of of their principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 billion in aggregate total commitments from a diversified group of financial institutions. On October 28, 2024, the termination date of the credit agreement with respect to AWCC s revolving credit facility was extended, as permitted by the terms of the credit agreement, from October 2028 to October 2029. The revolving credit facility is used principally to support AWCC s commercial paper program, to provide additional liquidity support and to provide a sub-limit for the issuance of up to million in letters of credit. Subject to satisfying certain conditions, the credit agreement permits AWCC to increase the maximum commitment under the facility by up to an aggregate of million. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, there were borrowings under the revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, there were million of outstanding letters of credit under the revolving credit facility. 
 Short-term debt consists of commercial paper borrowings totaling million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, or net of discount million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on AWCC s outstanding short-term borrowings was approximately and at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, there were commercial paper borrowings outstanding with maturities greater than three months. 
 Outstanding debt ) ) ) Remaining availability as of September 30, 2024 
 (a) Total remaining availability of billion as of September 30, 2024, was accessible through revolver draws. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Outstanding debt ) ) ) Remaining availability as of December 31, 2023 
 (a) Total remaining availability of billion as of December 31, 2023, was accessible through revolver draws. 
 Presented in the table below is the Company s total available liquidity as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively: 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents Availability on Revolving Credit Facility Total Available Liquidity Available liquidity as of September 30, 2024 Available liquidity as of December 31, 2023 
 
 and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in the Company s effective income tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to the decrease in the amortization of EADIT pursuant to regulatory orders and a decrease in deductions related to payments of stock-based compensation benefits. 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into law. The IRA contains a 15 Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax CAMT provision on applicable corporations effective January 1, 2023. To determine if a company is considered an applicable corporation subject to CAMT, the company s average adjusted financial statement income AFSI for the three consecutive years preceding the tax year must exceed 1.0 billion. An applicable corporation must make several adjustments to net income when determining AFSI. A corporation paying CAMT is eligible for a future tax credit, which can be utilized when regular tax exceeds CAMT. Based on current guidance, the Company is an applicable corporation subject to CAMT beginning in 2024 and expects to owe CAMT in excess of the regular tax liability. On September 12, 2024, the Internal Revenue Service IRS and the U.S. Treasury issued Notice 2024-66, allowing corporate taxpayers to exclude amounts attributable to the CAMT liability, without penalty, from estimated tax payments with respect to a taxable year that begins during 2024. The Company will include the CAMT liability in its 2024 extension payment due April 15, 2025. The Company will continue to assess the impacts of the IRA as the U.S. Treasury and the IRS provide further guidance. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Net periodic pension benefit cost Components of net periodic other postretirement benefit credit: Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss Net periodic other postretirement benefit credit ) ) ) ) 
 The Company contributed million and million for the funding of its defined benefit pension plans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and contributed million and million for the funding of its defined benefit pension plans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company expects to make additional pension contributions to the plan trusts of million during the remainder of 2024. 
 
 million of probable loss contingencies and has estimated that the maximum amount of loss associated with reasonably possible loss contingencies arising out of such legal actions, which can be reasonably estimated, is million. For certain legal actions, the Company is unable to estimate possible losses. The Company believes that damages or settlements, if any, recovered by plaintiffs in such legal actions, other than as described in this Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 Dunbar, West Virginia Water Main Break Class Action Litigation 
 On the evening of June 23, 2015, a 36-inch pre-stressed concrete transmission water main, installed in the early 1970s, failed. The water main is part of the West Relay pumping station located in the City of Dunbar, West Virginia and owned by the Company s West Virginia subsidiary WVAWC ). The failure of the main caused water outages and low pressure for up to approximately WVAWC customers. In the early morning hours of June 25, 2015, crews completed a repair, but that same day, the repair developed a leak. On June 26, 2015, a second repair was completed, and service was restored that day to approximately of the impacted customers, and to the remaining approximately by the next morning. The second repair showed signs of leaking, but the water main was usable until June 29, 2015, to allow tanks to refill. The system was reconfigured to maintain service to all but approximately customers while a final repair was being completed safely on June 30, 2015. Water service was fully restored by July 1, 2015, to all customers affected by this event. 
 On June 2, 2017, a complaint captioned Jeffries, et al. v. West Virginia-American Water Company was filed in West Virginia Circuit Court in Kanawha County on behalf of an alleged class of residents and business owners who lost water service or pressure as a result of the Dunbar main break. The complaint alleges breach of contract by WVAWC for failure to supply water, violation of West Virginia law regarding the sufficiency of WVAWC s facilities and negligence by WVAWC in the design, maintenance and operation of the water system. The Jeffries plaintiffs seek unspecified alleged damages on behalf of the class for lost profits, annoyance and inconvenience, and loss of use, as well as punitive damages for willful, reckless and wanton behavior in not addressing the risk of pipe failure and a large outage. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 WVAWC customers and ultimately lifted on November 12, 2023. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 customers in West Virginia Mountaineer Gas ). The resulting inflow of water into the natural gas main and related pipelines resulted in a loss of natural gas service to approximately Mountaineer Gas customers, as well as water entering customer service lines and certain natural gas appliances owned or used by some of the affected Mountaineer Gas customers. Mountaineer Gas reported that restoration of natural gas service to all affected gas mains occurred on November 24, 2023. The timing, order and causation of both the WVAWC water main break and Mountaineer Gas s main break are currently unknown and under investigation. 
 To date, a total of pending lawsuits have been filed against Mountaineer Gas and WVAWC purportedly on behalf of customers in Charleston, West Virginia related to these incidents. On November 14, 2023, a complaint captioned Ruffin et al. v. Mountaineer Gas Company and West Virginia-American Water Company was filed in West Virginia Circuit Court in Kanawha County on behalf of an alleged class of Mountaineer Gas residential and business customers and other households and businesses supplied with natural gas in Kanawha County, which lost natural gas service on November 10, 2023, as a result of these events. The complaint alleges, among other things, breach of contract by Mountaineer Gas, trespass by WVAWC, nuisance by WVAWC, violation of statutory obligations by Mountaineer Gas and WVAWC, and negligence by Mountaineer Gas and WVAWC. The complaint seeks class-wide damages against Mountaineer Gas and WVAWC for loss of use of natural gas, annoyance, inconvenience and lost profits, as well as punitive damages. 
 On November 15, 2023, a complaint captioned Toliver et al. v. West Virginia-American Water Company and Mountaineer Gas Company was filed in West Virginia Circuit Court in Kanawha County on behalf of an alleged class of all natural persons or entities who are citizens of the State of West Virginia and who are customers of WVAWC and/or Mountaineer Gas in the affected areas. The complaint alleges against Mountaineer Gas and WVAWC, among other things, negligence, nuisance, trespass and strict liability, as well as breach of contract against Mountaineer Gas. The complaint seeks class-wide damages against Mountaineer Gas and WVAWC for property damage, loss of use and enjoyment of property, annoyance and inconvenience and business losses, as well as punitive damages. 
 On November 16, 2023, a complaint captioned Dodson et al. v. West Virginia American Water and Mountaineer Gas Company was filed in West Virginia Circuit Court in Kanawha County on behalf of an alleged class of all West Virginia citizens living between Pennsylvania Avenue south of Washington Street, and Iowa Street, who are customers of Mountaineer Gas. The complaint alleges against Mountaineer Gas and WVAWC, among other things, negligence, nuisance, trespass, statutory code violations and unfair or deceptive business practices. The complaint seeks class-wide damages against Mountaineer Gas and WVAWC for property loss and damage, loss of use and enjoyment of property, mental and emotional distress, and aggravation and inconvenience, as well as punitive damages. 
 On January 4, 2024, a fourth complaint, captioned Thomas v. West Virginia-American Water Company and Mountaineer Gas Company , was filed in West Virginia Circuit Court in Kanawha County asserting similar allegations as those included in the Ruffin , Toliver and Dodson lawsuits, with the addition of counts alleging unjust enrichment and violations of the West Virginia Human Rights Act and the West Virginia Consumer Credit and Protection Act. 
 On November 17, 2023, the Ruffin plaintiff filed a motion to consolidate the class action lawsuits before a single judge in Kanawha County Circuit Court. On June 14, 2024, the judge in the Ruffin case partially granted the motion by transferring all of the class action lawsuits to her court but deferring as premature consolidation of the cases. 
 On December 5, 2023, a complaint captioned Mountaineer Gas Company v. West Virginia-American Water Company was filed in West Virginia Circuit Court in Kanawha County seeking damages under theories of trespass, negligence and implied indemnity. The damages being sought related to the incident include, among other things, repair and response costs incurred by Mountaineer Gas and attorneys fees and expenses incurred by Mountaineer Gas. On December 14, 2023, Mountaineer Gas filed a motion with the Supreme Court of West Virginia to transfer this case to the West Virginia Business Court. On December 29, 2023, WVAWC filed a joinder in the motion to transfer the case. WVAWC has also filed a partial motion to dismiss this lawsuit. On March 6, 2024, the motion to transfer the complaint captioned Mountaineer Gas Company v. West Virginia-American Water Company to the West Virginia Business Court was granted and trial and resolution judges were assigned. Mountaineer Gas voluntarily dismissed its implied indemnity count against WVAWC, rendering moot WVAWC s partial motion to dismiss, and on May 31, 2024, WVAWC answered the complaint. The Business Court has set a trial date of October 7, 2025, for this matter. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 class action lawsuits, which included cross-claims against WVAWC alleging that Mountaineer Gas is without fault for the claims and damages alleged in the lawsuits and WVAWC should be required to indemnify Mountaineer Gas for any damages and for attorneys fees and expenses incurred by Mountaineer Gas in the lawsuits. WVAWC has filed a partial motion to dismiss certain claims in the Ruffin, Toliver, Dodson and Thomas lawsuits and a motion to dismiss the cross-claims asserted against WVAWC therein by Mountaineer Gas. Mountaineer Gas subsequently voluntarily dismissed its cross-claims. On January 30, 2024, a motion was filed with the West Virginia Supreme Court on behalf of the Toliver plaintiff to refer the class action complaints and the Mountaineer Gas complaint to the West Virginia Mass Litigation Panel. On February 7, 2024, WVAWC filed a motion joining in that referral request. On February 19, 2024, Mountaineer Gas filed a motion opposing the referral of the class action complaints and the Mountaineer Gas complaint to the West Virginia Mass Litigation Panel. On March 28, 2024, the Kanawha County Circuit Court trial judge filed a memorandum opposing the referral. On May 31, 2024, the West Virginia Supreme Court denied the motion seeking referral. The Kanawha County Circuit Court has set a trial date of February 2, 2026, for the class action complaints. 
 On December 6, 2023, WVAWC initiated a process whereby Mountaineer Gas customers could file claims with WVAWC and seek payment from WVAWC of up to in damages per affected household for the inconvenience arising from a loss of use of their appliances and documented out-of-pocket expenses as a result of the natural gas outage. In light of the diminishing number of new claims being filed, the claims process was concluded on March 8, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, a total of Mountaineer Gas customers completed this claims process, and each of those customers has been paid by WVAWC an average of approximately . In return, these customers were required to execute a partial release of liability in favor of WVAWC. 
 On November 16, 2023, the Public Service Commission of West Virginia (the WVPSC issued an order initiating a general investigation into both the water main break and natural gas outages occurring in this incident to determine the cause or causes thereof, as well as breaks and outages generally throughout the systems of WVAWC and Mountaineer Gas and the utility practices of both utilities. Following a series of disagreements among the parties regarding the scope of discovery, the WVPSC closed the general investigation into both utilities and ordered a separate general investigation for each utility. The WVPSC focused the general investigations away from the cause of the events and instead on the maintenance practices of each utility during and after the main breaks. On January 29, 2024, the Consumer Advocate Division of the WVPSC filed a motion to intervene in the WVAWC general investigation. WVAWC is cooperating with its general investigation. 
 On March 1, 2024, the staff of the WVPSC issued an initial memorandum in each separate general investigation for Mountaineer Gas and WVAWC. On April 24, 2024, the staff issued a final joint memorandum in the Mountaineer Gas general investigation stating its view that Mountaineer Gas responded appropriately, reasonably and according to Mountaineer Gas s written procedures. The staff is making no recommendations for improvements to Mountaineer Gas and is recommending that the Mountaineer Gas general investigation be closed. On July 24, 2024, the staff issued a final joint memorandum in the WVAWC general investigation finding no indication of systematic failure by WVAWC and concluding WVAWC s maintenance and operating procedures were adequate to ensure safe and reliable service, subject to the implementation by WVAWC of recommended operational improvements. Both general investigations remain pending. 
 The Company and WVAWC believe that the causes of action and other claims asserted against WVAWC in the class action complaints and the lawsuit filed by Mountaineer Gas are without merit and that WVAWC has meritorious defenses to such claims, and WVAWC is defending itself vigorously in these litigation proceedings. Given the current stage of these proceedings and the general investigation, the Company and WVAWC are currently unable to predict the outcome of any of the proceedings described above, and the Company cannot currently determine the likelihood of a loss, if any, or estimate the amount of any loss or a range of loss related to this proceeding. 
 Alternative Water Supply in Lieu of Carmel River Diversions 
 Compliance with Orders to Reduce Carmel River Diversions Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project 
 Under a 2009 order (the 2009 Order of the State Water Resources Control Board (the SWRCB ), the Company s California subsidiary Cal Am is required to decrease significantly its yearly diversions of water from the Carmel River according to a set reduction schedule. In 2016, the SWRCB issued an order (the 2016 Order, and, together with the 2009 Order, the Orders approving a deadline of December 31, 2021, for Cal Am s compliance with these prior orders. 
 Cal Am is currently involved in developing the Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project (the Water Supply Project ), which includes the construction of a desalination plant, to be owned by Cal Am, and the construction of wells that would supply water to the desalination plant. In addition, the Water Supply Project also includes Cal Am s purchase of water from a groundwater replenishment project (the GWR Project between Monterey One Water and the Monterey Peninsula Water Management District (the MPWMD ). The Water Supply Project is intended, among other things, to fulfill Cal Am s obligations under the Orders. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 million in associated incurred costs, plus an allowance for funds used during construction AFUDC ), subject to meeting certain criteria. 
 In September 2018, the CPUC unanimously approved another final decision finding that the Water Supply Project meets the CPUC s requirements for a certificate of public convenience and necessity and an additional procedural phase was not necessary to consider alternative projects. The CPUC s 2018 decision concludes that the Water Supply Project is the best project to address estimated future water demands in Monterey, and, in addition to the cost recovery approved in its 2016 decision, adopts Cal Am s cost estimates for the Water Supply Project, which amounted to an aggregate of million plus AFUDC at a rate representative of Cal Am s actual financing costs. The 2018 final decision specifies the procedures for recovery of all of Cal Am s prudently incurred costs associated with the Water Supply Project upon its completion, subject to the frameworks included in the final decision related to cost caps, operation and maintenance costs, financing, ratemaking and contingency matters. The reasonableness of the Water Supply Project costs will be reviewed by the CPUC when Cal Am seeks cost recovery for the Water Supply Project. Cal Am is also required to implement mitigation measures to avoid, minimize or offset significant environmental impacts from the construction and operation of the Water Supply Project and comply with a mitigation monitoring and reporting program, a reimbursement agreement for CPUC costs associated with that program, and reporting requirements on plant operations following placement of the Water Supply Project in service. Cal Am has incurred million in aggregate costs as of September 30, 2024, related to the Water Supply Project, which includes million in AFUDC. 
 In September 2021, Cal Am, Monterey One Water and the MPWMD reached an agreement on Cal Am s purchase of additional water from an expansion to the GWR Project. On December 5, 2022, the CPUC issued a final decision that authorized Cal Am to enter into the amended water purchase agreement, and specifically to increase pumping capacity and reliability of groundwater extraction from the Seaside Groundwater Basin. The final decision sets the cost cap for the proposed facilities at approximately million. Cal Am may seek recovery of amounts above the cost cap in a subsequent rate filing or general rate case. Additionally, the final decision authorizes AFUDC at Cal Am s actual weighted average cost of debt for most of the facilities. On December 30, 2022, Cal Am filed with the CPUC an application for rehearing of the CPUC s December 5, 2022, final decision, and on March 30, 2023, the CPUC issued a decision denying Cal Am s application for rehearing, but adopting its proposed AFUDC for already incurred and future costs. This decision also provided Cal Am the opportunity to serve supplemental testimony to increase its cost cap for certain of the Water Supply Project s extraction wells. The amended water purchase agreement and a memorandum of understanding to negotiate certain milestones related to the expansion of the GWR Project have been signed by the relevant parties. Further hearings were scheduled in a Phase 2 to this CPUC proceeding to focus on updated supply and demand estimates for the Water Supply Project, and Phase 2 testimony was completed in September 2022. On October 23, 2023, a status conference was held to determine procedural steps to conclude the proceeding, and further evidentiary hearings were held in March 2024. 
 While Cal Am believes that its expenditures to date have been prudent and necessary to comply with the Orders, as well as relevant final decisions of the CPUC related thereto, Cal Am cannot currently predict its ability to recover all of its costs and expenses associated with the Water Supply Project and there can be no assurance that Cal Am will be able to recover all of such costs and expenses in excess of the million in aggregate construction costs, plus applicable AFUDC, previously approved by the CPUC in its 2016 final decision and its December 2022 final decision, as amended by its March 30, 2023, rehearing decision. 
 Coastal Development Permit Application 
 In 2018, Cal Am submitted a coastal development permit application (the Marina Application to the City of Marina (the City for those project components of the Water Supply Project located within the City s coastal zone. Members of the City s Planning Commission, as well as City councilpersons, have publicly expressed opposition to the Water Supply Project. In May 2019, the City issued a notice of final local action based upon the denial by the Planning Commission of the Marina Application. Thereafter, Cal Am appealed this decision to the Coastal Commission, as permitted under the City s code and the California Coastal Act. At the same time, Cal Am submitted an application (the Original Jurisdiction Application to the Coastal Commission for a coastal development permit for those project components located within the Coastal Commission s original jurisdiction. After Coastal Commission staff issued reports recommending denial of the Original Jurisdiction Application, noting potential impacts on environmentally sensitive habitat areas and wetlands and possible disproportionate impacts to communities of concern, in September 2020, Cal Am withdrew the Original Jurisdiction Application in order to address the staff s environmental justice concerns. In November 2020, Cal Am refiled the Original Jurisdiction Application. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 million gallons of desalinated water per day. Under the phased approach, the facilities would initially be constructed to produce up to million gallons per day of desalinated water, enough to meet anticipated demand through about 2030, and would limit the number of slant wells initially constructed. As demand increases in the future, desalination facilities would be expanded to meet the additional demand. The phased approach seeks to meet near-term demand by allowing for additional supply as it becomes needed, while also providing an opportunity for regional future public participation and was developed by Cal Am based on feedback received from the community. 
 In November 2022, the Coastal Commission approved the Marina Application and the Original Jurisdiction Application with respect to the phased development of the proposed desalination plant, subject to compliance with a number of conditions, all of which Cal Am expects to satisfy. In December 2022, the City, Marina Coast Water District MCWD ), MCWD s groundwater sustainability agency, and the MPWMD jointly filed a petition for writ of mandate in Monterey County Superior Court against the Coastal Commission, alleging that the Coastal Commission violated the California Coastal Act and the California Environmental Quality Act CEQA in issuing a coastal development permit to Cal Am for construction of the slant wells. Cal Am is named as a real party in interest. On April 24, 2024, the court granted defendants motion for judgment on the pleadings and dismissed of causes of action in the petition. The remaining claims challenge the Coastal Commission s substantive compliance with certain provisions of CEQA, the California Coastal Act, and due process requirements in considering Cal Am s application. Trial in this matter has been set for November 13, 2024. 
 Following the issuance of the coastal development permit, Cal Am continues to work constructively with all appropriate agencies to provide necessary information in connection with obtaining the remaining required permits for the Water Supply Project. However, there can be no assurance that the Water Supply Project in its current configuration will be completed on a timely basis, if ever. For the year ended December 31, 2023, Cal Am has complied with the diversion limitations contained in the 2016 Order. Continued compliance with the diversion limitations in 2024 and future years may be impacted by a number of factors, including, without limitation, potential recurrence of drought conditions in California and the exhaustion of water supply reserves, and will require successful development of alternate water supply sources sufficient to meet customer demand. The Orders remain in effect until Cal Am certifies to the SWRCB, and the SWRCB concurs, that Cal Am has obtained a permanent supply of water to substitute for past unauthorized Carmel River diversions. While the Company cannot currently predict the likelihood or result of any adverse outcome associated with these matters, further attempts to comply with the Orders may result in material additional costs and obligations to Cal Am, including fines and penalties against Cal Am in the event of noncompliance with the Orders. 
 Cal Am s Action for Damages Following Termination of Regional Desalination Project RDP 
 In 2010, the CPUC had approved the RDP, which was a precursor to the current Water Supply Project and called for the construction of a desalination facility in the City of Marina. The RDP was to be implemented through a Water Purchase Agreement and ancillary agreements (collectively, the Agreements among MCWD, Cal Am and the Monterey County Water Resources Agency MCWRA ). In 2011, due to a conflict of interest concerning a former member of MCWRA s Board of Directors, MCWRA stated that the Agreements were void, and, as a result, Cal Am terminated the Agreements. In ensuing litigation filed by Cal Am in 2012 to resolve the termination of the RDP, the court in 2015 entered a final judgment agreeing with Cal Am s position that of the Agreements are void, and , the credit line agreement, is not void. As a result of this litigation, Cal Am was permitted to institute further proceedings, discussed below, to determine the amount of damages that may be awarded to Cal Am as a result of the failure of the RDP. 
 In 2015, Cal Am and MCWRA filed a complaint in San Francisco County Superior Court against MCWD and RMC Water and Environment, a private engineering consulting firm RMC ), seeking to recover compensatory, consequential and incidental damages associated with the failure of the RDP, as well as punitive and treble damages, statutory penalties and attorneys fees. In 2019, MCWD was granted a motion for summary judgment related to the tort claims in the complaint. A settlement as to the non-tort claims was finalized and entered into in March 2020. In July 2020, Cal Am appealed the grant of summary judgment on MCWD s tort claims, and in December 2022, the trial court s decision was reversed with instructions to vacate its prior orders granting MCWD s motions for summary judgment and to enter new orders denying the motions. In February 2023, MCWD filed a petition for review of the appellate decision with the California Supreme Court, which was denied in March 2023. Following a hearing held on August 16, 2024, the court approved supplemental briefing on certain issues and continued the hearing to November 1, 2024. The trial date in this matter remains vacated and will be rescheduled at a later date. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 million, (2) the cost of service modeling results indicate significant annual reductions in revenue requirements and projected monthly water bills, and (3) the acquisition of the Monterey system assets by the MPWMD would be economically feasible. In 2020, the MPWMD certified a final environmental impact report, analyzing the environmental impacts of the MPWMD s project to (1) acquire the Monterey system assets through the power of eminent domain, if necessary, and (2) expand its geographic boundaries to include all parts of this system. 
 In February 2021, the MPWMD filed an application with the Local Agency Formation Commission of Monterey County LAFCO seeking approval to become a retail water provider and annex approximately parcels of land into the MPWMD s boundaries. In June 2021, LAFCO s commissioners voted to require a third-party independent financial study as to the feasibility of an acquisition by the MPWMD of the Monterey system assets. In December 2021, LAFCO s commissioners denied the MPWMD s application to become a retail water provider, determining that the MPWMD does not have the authority to proceed with a condemnation of the Monterey system assets. In April 2022, the MPWMD filed a lawsuit against LAFCO challenging its decision to deny the MPWMD s application seeking approval to become a retail water provider. In June 2022, the court granted, with conditions, a motion by Cal Am to intervene in the MPWMD s lawsuit against LAFCO. In December 2022, the court sustained in part, and denied in part, demurrers that had been filed by LAFCO seeking to dismiss the MPWMD s lawsuit. 
 On December 11, 2023, the Monterey County Superior Court issued a writ of mandate directing LAFCO to vacate and set aside its original denial of the MPWMD s application to serve as a retail water provider (in conjunction with its effort to acquire the Monterey system assets) and, if requested, to re-hear the application in compliance with all applicable law. The court held that LAFCO incorrectly applied statutory standards and noted a lack of sufficient evidence to support certain of LAFCO s factual findings. As a result, the LAFCO denial has been nullified and LAFCO will be required to hold another hearing on the MPWMD s application. On February 8, 2024, and February 9, 2024, respectively, Cal Am and LAFCO each filed a notice of appeal with the California Court of Appeal regarding the Monterey County Superior Court s decision to issue the writ of mandate. The MPWMD filed a notice of cross-appeal on February 15, 2024. Cal Am is evaluating potential additional actions to seek to uphold LAFCO s denial of the MPWMD s application, including filing other challenges and/or making suitable presentations at a subsequent LAFCO rehearing. 
 MPWMD Condemnation Actions 
 Separate from the proceedings related to the MPWMD s application with LAFCO, by letter dated October 3, 2022, the MPWMD notified Cal Am of a decision to appraise the Monterey system assets and requesting access to a number of Cal Am s properties and documents to assist the MPWMD with such an appraisal. Cal Am responded by letter on October 24, 2022, denying the request for access, stating that the MPWMD does not have the right to appraise Cal Am s system without LAFCO approval to become a retail water provider. On April 28, 2023, Cal Am rejected an offer by the MPWMD to purchase the Monterey system assets for million. Over the written and oral objections of Cal Am, at a hearing held on October 10, 2023, the MPWMD adopted a resolution of necessity to authorize it to file an eminent domain lawsuit with respect to the Monterey system assets. On December 15, 2023, the MPWMD filed a lawsuit in Monterey County Superior Court seeking to condemn the Monterey system assets. On February 26, 2024, Cal Am filed a motion requesting the Monterey County Superior Court dismiss the MPWMD s lawsuit seeking to condemn Cal Am s Monterey system assets. Cal Am s motion asserts that the MPWMD lacks legal authorization from both the California legislature and LAFCO to become a retail water provider and the lawsuit improperly seeks to effect a taking of property outside the boundaries of the MPWMD s territory. Hearings on the motion were held on May 3, 2024, and August 23, 2024, and a decision on the motion from the court remains pending. 
 While the Company cannot currently predict the outcome of the MPWMD s eminent domain lawsuit, the Company believes that, given existing legal precedent related to similar attempts by public agencies in California to take over water systems and its other defenses, Cal Am should be able to defend itself successfully against this lawsuit. 
 West Virginia Elk River Freedom Industries Chemical Spill 
 On June 8, 2018, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia granted final approval of a settlement class and global class action settlement (the Settlement for all claims and potential claims by all class members (collectively, the West Virginia Plaintiffs arising out of the January 2014 Freedom Industries, Inc. chemical spill in West Virginia. The effective date of the Settlement was July 16, 2018. Under the terms and conditions of the Settlement, WVAWC and certain other Company affiliated entities did not admit, and will not admit, any fault or liability for any of the allegations made by the West Virginia Plaintiffs in any of the actions that were resolved. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 million of the aggregate Settlement amount of million remains reflected in accrued liabilities, and million in an offsetting insurance receivable remains reflected in other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets pending resolution of all asserted actual or potential claims associated with this matter. The amount reflected in accrued liabilities reflects the status of the liability and the offsetting insurance receivable reflected in other current assets, each as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic Effect of dilutive common stock equivalents Weighted-average common shares outstanding Diluted 
 The effect of dilutive common stock equivalents is related to outstanding restricted stock units RSUs and performance stock units PSUs granted under the Company s 2007 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan and outstanding RSUs and PSUs granted under the Company s 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, as well as estimated shares to be purchased under the Company s 2017 Nonqualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Less than share-based awards were excluded from the computation of diluted EPS for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, because their effect would have been anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. 
 The if-converted method is applied to the Notes issued in June 2023 for computing diluted EPS. For both periods presented, there was no dilution resulting from the Notes. See Note 7 Long-Term Debt for additional information relating to the Notes. 
 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. On February 2, 2024, the secured seller promissory note from the sale of HOS was amended to increase the principal amount, in full satisfaction of a million contingent cash payment, see Note 5 Acquisitions and Divestitures for additional information. This amount represents the principal amount owed under the secured seller promissory note, for which the Company expects to receive full payment. The accounting fair value measurement of the secured seller promissory note approximated million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. The accounting fair value measurement is an estimate that is reflective of changes in benchmark interest rates. The secured seller promissory note is classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements and long-term debt The fair values of preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements and long-term debt are categorized within the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs that are used to value each instrument. The fair value of long-term debt classified as Level 1 is calculated using quoted prices in active markets. Level 2 instruments are valued using observable inputs and Level 3 instruments are valued using observable and unobservable inputs. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Long-term debt As of December 31, 2023 Carrying Amount At Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements Long-term debt 
 Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
 Rabbi trust investments Deposits Other investments: Money market and other Fixed-income securities Mark-to-market derivative asset Total assets Liabilities: Deferred compensation obligations Mark-to-market derivative liability Total liabilities Total assets 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Rabbi trust investments Deposits Other investments: Money market and other Fixed-income securities Total assets Liabilities: Deferred compensation obligations Mark-to-market derivative liability Total liabilities Total assets (liabilities) ) 
 Restricted funds The Company s restricted funds primarily represent proceeds received from financings for the construction and capital improvement of facilities and from customers for future services under operation, maintenance and repair projects. 
 Rabbi trust investments The Company s rabbi trust investments consist of equity and index funds from which supplemental executive retirement plan benefits and deferred compensation obligations can be paid. The Company includes these assets in other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Deposits Deposits include escrow funds and certain other deposits held in trust. The Company includes cash deposits in other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Deferred compensation obligations The Company s deferred compensation plans allow participants to defer certain cash compensation into notional investment accounts. The Company includes such plans in other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The value of the Company s deferred compensation obligations is based on the market value of the participants notional investment accounts. The notional investments are comprised primarily of mutual funds, which are based on quoted prices for identical assets in active markets. 
 Mark-to-market derivative assets and liabilities The Company employs derivative financial instruments in the form of treasury lock agreements, classified as cash flow hedges, in order to fix the interest cost on existing or forecasted debt. The Company uses a calculation of future cash inflows and estimated future outflows, which are discounted, to determine the current fair value. Additional inputs to the present value calculation include the contract terms, counterparty credit risk, interest rates and market volatility. 
 Other investments The Company maintains a Voluntary Employees Beneficiary Association trust for purposes of paying active union employee medical benefits Active VEBA ). The investments in the Active VEBA trust primarily consist of money market funds and available-for-sale fixed-income securities. 
 The money market and other investments have original maturities of three months or less when purchased. The fair value measurement of the money market and other investments is based on quoted prices for identical assets in active markets and therefore included in the recurring fair value measurements hierarchy as Level 1. 
 The available-for-sale fixed-income securities are primarily investments in U.S. Treasury securities and government bonds. The majority of U.S. Treasury securities and government bonds have been categorized as Level 1 because they trade in highly-liquid and transparent markets. Certain U.S. Treasury securities are based on prices that reflect observable market information, such as actual trade information of similar securities, and are therefore categorized as Level 2, because the valuations are calculated using models which utilize actively traded market data that the Company can corroborate. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 million and million in other current assets, as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and million and million in other long-term assets, as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. Unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and reported in other comprehensive income until realized. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Basis Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Available-for-sale fixed-income securities 
 1 year - 5 years 5 years - 10 years Greater than 10 years Total 
 
 to years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company s sole discretion. Renewal options that the Company was reasonably certain to exercise are included in the Company s right-of-use ROU assets. Certain operating leases contain the option to purchase the leased property. The operating leases for real property, vehicles and equipment will expire over the next years, , and , respectively. 
 The Company participates in a number of arrangements with various public entities Partners in West Virginia. Under these arrangements, the Company transferred a portion of its utility plant to the Partners in exchange for an equal principal amount of Industrial Development Bonds IDBs issued by the Partners under the Industrial Development and Commercial Development Bond Act. The Company leased back the utility plant under agreements for a period of to years. The Company has recorded these agreements as finance leases in property, plant and equipment, as ownership of the assets will revert back to the Company at the end of the lease term. The carrying value of the finance lease assets was million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. The Company determined that the finance lease obligations and the investments in IDBs meet the conditions for offsetting, and as such, are reported net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are excluded from the lease disclosure presented below. 
 The Company also enters into O M agreements with the Partners. The Company pays an annual fee for use of the Partners assets in performing under the O M agreements. The O M agreements are recorded as operating leases, and future annual use fees of million in 2024, million in 2025 through 2028, and million thereafter, are included in operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Rental expenses under operating leases were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash paid for amounts in lease liabilities, which includes operating cash flows from operating leases, was million and million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities of million. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 years, and the weighted-average discount rate of the operating leases was . 
 The future maturities of lease liabilities as of September 30, 2024, were million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million in 2028, and million thereafter. As of September 30, 2024, imputed interest was million. 
 
 reportable segment, the Regulated Businesses segment. The Regulated Businesses segment also includes inter-segment revenues, costs and interest which are eliminated to reconcile to the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company also operates other businesses, primarily MSG, that do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment in accordance with GAAP and are collectively presented throughout this Form 10-Q within Other, which is consistent with how management assesses the results of these businesses. Other also includes corporate costs that are not allocated to the Company s Regulated Businesses, interest income related to the secured seller promissory note from the sale of HOS, income from assets not associated with the Regulated Businesses, eliminations of inter-segment transactions and fair value adjustments related to acquisitions that have not been allocated to the Regulated Businesses segment. The adjustments related to the acquisitions are reported in Other as they are excluded from segment performance measures evaluated by management. 
 Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses, net Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) Total assets Cash paid for capital expenditures 
 As of or for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Regulated Businesses Other Consolidated Operating revenues Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses, net Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) Total assets Cash paid for capital expenditures 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses, net Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) Total assets Cash paid for capital expenditures 
 As of or for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Regulated Businesses Other Consolidated Operating revenues Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses, net Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) Total assets Cash paid for capital expenditures 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read together with the unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, and in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management s current expectations, estimates and projections about the Company s business, operations and financial performance. The cautionary statements made in this Form 10-Q should be read as applying to all related forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this Form 10-Q. The Company s actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those that are discussed under Forward-Looking Statements and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. The Company has a disclosure committee consisting of members of senior management and other key employees involved in the preparation of the Company s SEC reports. The disclosure committee is actively involved in the review and discussion of the Company s SEC filings. 
 
 Overview 
 American Water is the largest and most geographically diverse, publicly traded water and wastewater utility company in the United States, as measured by both operating revenues and population served. The Company s primary business involves the ownership of utilities that provide water and wastewater services to residential, commercial, industrial, public authority, fire service and sale for resale customers, collectively presented as the Regulated Businesses. Services provided by the Company s utilities are subject to regulation by multiple state utility commissions or other entities engaged in utility regulation, collectively referred to as public utility commissions PUCs ). The Company also operates other businesses not subject to economic regulation by state PUCs that provide water and wastewater services to the U.S. government on military installations, as well as municipalities, collectively presented throughout this Form 10-Q within Other. See Part I, Item 1 Business in the Company s Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Financial Results 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, diluted earnings per share, prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), were 1.80 and 4.17, respectively, compared to 1.66 and 4.03 per share in the same periods in 2023. Results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, include increased revenues from the implementation of new rates in the Regulated Businesses from capital and acquisition investments. Results also reflect increased production and employee related costs, increased depreciation and higher financing costs used to fund the current capital investment plan. Results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, reflect the net favorable impact of warmer, drier weather compared to normal, estimated at 0.04 and 0.07 per share, respectively. Results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflect the net favorable impact of weather compared to normal, estimated at 0.04 and 0.11 per share, respectively. Results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, include additional interest income of 0.03 and 0.07 per share, respectively, resulting from the early 2024 amendment to the secured seller note from the sale of the former HOS business. 
 Growth Through Capital Investment in Infrastructure and Regulated Acquisitions 
 The Company continues to grow its businesses, with the substantial majority of its growth to be achieved in the Regulated Businesses through (i) continued capital investment in the Company s infrastructure to provide safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater services to its customers, (ii) regulated acquisitions to expand the Company s services to new customers and (iii) organic growth in existing systems. The Company now plans to invest approximately 3.3 billion in these growth strategies in 2024. During the first nine months of 2024, the Company invested 2.0 billion, in the Regulated Businesses, as discussed below. 
 1.9 billion capital investment in the Regulated Businesses for infrastructure improvements and replacements; and 
 119 million to fund acquisitions in the Regulated Businesses, which added approximately 33,400 customers. This includes the acquisition by the Company's Illinois subsidiary of a wastewater treatment plant and related assets from Granite City on March 11, 2024, for a cash purchase price of 86 million, which added approximately 26,000 wastewater customers, including 15,500 customers indirectly in surrounding communities. 
 Added approximately 14,700 new customers through organic growth in existing systems. 
 On September 26, 2024, the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court issued an order dismissing the appeals of Center Township and Summit Township, which sought to reverse the November 9, 2023, order entered by the PaPUC which approved a settlement agreement without modification with respect to the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary s application to acquire the wastewater collection and treatment system assets (the System Assets from the Butler Area Sewer Authority. On October 29, 2024, the Pennsylvania subsidiary acquired the System Assets from the Butler Area Sewer Authority for a purchase price of 230 million, in cash. This system provides wastewater service for approximately 15,000 customer connections. The acquisition will be accounted for as a business combination in the fourth quarter of 2024 and the preliminary purchase price allocation consists primarily of utility plant. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Effective March 24, 2023, the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary acquired the rights to buy the wastewater system assets of Towamencin Township, for an aggregate purchase price of 104 million. On August 28, 2024, Towamencin Township and the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary began the process to terminate the asset purchase agreement. On October 15, 2024, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission PaPUC issued a Certificate of Filing, which approves the termination of the asset purchase agreement with respect to this acquisition. As a result, the asset purchase agreement and all rights and obligations of the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary thereunder have been terminated without penalty. 
 In December 2020, the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary entered into an agreement (an acquisition intended to comply with Act 12 (discussed below)) to acquire the wastewater collection system assets of Brentwood Borough Brentwood for a purchase price of approximately 19 million. On February 22, 2024, the PaPUC denied the Pennsylvania subsidiary s application to acquire Brentwood. On April 3, 2024, the Pennsylvania subsidiary filed an appeal of the decision with the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court, asserting, among other things, the PaPUC did not apply the correct legal standard in its decision. The Company cannot currently predict the outcome of this appeal, and the matter remains pending. 
 As of October 30, 2024, the Company had entered into 22 agreements with a total aggregate purchase price of 169 million for pending acquisitions in the Regulated Businesses, to add approximately 43,400 additional customers. 
 On February 7, 2024, the PaPUC proposed the Tentative Supplemental Implementation Order TSIO which seeks to make certain changes to the process by which the PaPUC considers and decides applications to acquire water and wastewater assets under Pennsylvania s existing utility valuation law, known as Act 12 of 2016 Act 12 ). The TSIO proposes, among other things, a reasonableness review ratio that would be applied to help guide the determination on the overall prudency of the transaction and reasonableness of the purchase price. On July 2, 2024, the PaPUC issued the Final Supplemental Implementation Order FSIO ), which largely adopts the provisions in the TSIO. The provisions of the FSIO are not retroactive and apply to acquisition applications filed after July 2, 2024. Separately, legislation has also been introduced in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives that would amend Act 12 and establish new guidelines for evaluating applicable acquisitions. The proposed bills were reported out of committee but have not yet been considered by the full House of Representatives. The Company cannot currently predict the outcome of these or other legislative initiatives, or their impacts, but the Company intends to continue to support outcomes that allow for consolidation and investment in water and wastewater infrastructure in Pennsylvania and in its other regulated jurisdictions. 
 Other Matters 
 Environmental, Health and Safety, and Water Quality Regulation 
 On April 10, 2024, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA announced a final National Primary Drinking Water Regulation NPDWR for six PFAS, including perfluorooctanoic acid PFOA ), perfluorooctane sulfonic acid PFOS ), perfluorononanoic acid PFNA ), hexafluoropropylene oxide dimer acid HFPO-DA , commonly known as GenX Chemicals ), perfluorohexane sulfonic acid PFHxS ), and perfluorobutane sulfonic acid PFBS ). The NPDWR for PFAS establishes legally enforceable levels, called Maximum Contaminant Levels MCLs ), for PFAS in drinking water. Utilities will be required to complete their initial monitoring for PFAS by 2027, followed by ongoing compliance monitoring. Utilities will be required to comply with the new MCLs by April 2029, implementing solutions to reduce PFAS levels where needed. Beginning in April 2029, utilities that exceed any of the PFAS MCLs will be required to provide notification to the public of the violation. 
 As previously disclosed, the Company estimates an investment of approximately 1 billion of capital expenditures to install additional treatment facilities over a five-year period in order to comply with the new regulations. Additionally, the Company estimates that it will incur annual operating expenses of up to approximately 50 million related to testing and treatment, with the majority of the operating expenses beginning after the April 2029 compliance deadline. The actual level of capital investment and expenses may differ from these estimates and will be dependent upon market dynamics upon implementation of solutions to comply with the NPDWR for PFAS. 
 The Company supports sound policies and compliance with the NPDWR for PFAS by all water utilities, while protecting customers and communities from the costly burden of monitoring and mitigating PFAS contamination in water systems. The Company continues to advocate for policies that hold polluters accountable and is participating in the multi-district litigation and other lawsuits filed against certain PFAS manufacturers seeking damages and reimbursement of costs incurred and continuing to be incurred to address contamination of public water supply systems by PFAS. For more information on the PFAS multi-district litigation, see Part II, Item 1 Legal Proceedings PFAS Multi-District Litigation, in the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 On April 19, 2024, the EPA issued a final rule to designate PFOA and PFOS as hazardous substances under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA ). The Company, along with a coalition (Water Coalition Against PFAS) of many other water and wastewater organizations, is actively advocating for and supporting bipartisan legislation that would provide PFAS liability protections under CERCLA for water and wastewater systems, as passive receivers of PFAS, and to hold polluters, and not the public or customers, accountable for PFAS related liability. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 On October 8, 2024, the EPA announced a final NPDWR for lead and copper in drinking water known as the Lead and Copper Rule Improvements LCRI ). The compliance date Compliance Date for the final rule is estimated to begin in the fourth quarter of 2027, three years after the date of publication in the federal register. The LCRI includes requirements related to (1) achieving lead replacement by the end of 2037, 10 years from the Compliance Date; (2) locating legacy lead pipes; (3) improving tap sampling; (4) lowering the lead action level; and (5) strengthening protections to reduce exposure. The LCRI builds on the Lead and Copper Rule Revisions LCRR that were finalized in 2021 with the LCRI deferring the due date for several requirements from the LCRR for three years. The EPA is requiring water systems to replace all lead and certain galvanized service lines under their control no later than 10 years after the Compliance Date. The Company is in the process of reviewing the specific requirements of the LCRI to determine capital expenditures and operating costs. Capital expenditures and operating costs associated with compliance with federal water quality regulations have been traditionally recognized by PUCs as appropriate for inclusion in establishing rates. 
 The Company continues to comply with the EPA s existing Lead and Copper Rule requirements by replacing lead service lines in accordance with current scientific guidance and utilizing appropriate corrosion control techniques as necessary to comply with current water quality regulatory requirements. 
 The Company met the LCRR requirements, effective October 16, 2024, identified as enforceable by the EPA. Remaining LCRR requirements are deferred under the LCRI. 
 Cybersecurity Incident 
 On October 3, 2024, the Company identified unauthorized activity within its computer networks and systems, which the Company determined to be the result of a cybersecurity incident. Upon identification of this activity, the Company immediately activated its incident response protocols and third-party cybersecurity experts to assist with containment and mitigation activities and to investigate the nature and scope of the incident. The Company also promptly notified law enforcement and has coordinated fully with them. As part of the incident response, and in order to protect its systems and data, the Company disconnected and deactivated certain of its systems, which have since been reconnected and reactivated upon verification that those systems were secure. 
 The Company believes that all necessary containment, mitigation and restoration activities related to this incident have been completed. None of the Company s water or wastewater facilities were impacted by this incident. Although the Company is unable to predict the full impact of this incident, the Company does not expect that the incident will have a material effect on the Company or its financial condition or results of operations. An understanding of the full scope, nature and impacts of this incident remains subject to an ongoing investigation. In addition, a number of putative class action lawsuits have been filed in connection with this cybersecurity incident, alleging claims related to consumer protection and data privacy. The Company is reviewing these lawsuits and intends to defend itself vigorously. 
 
 Regulatory Matters 
 General Rate Cases 
 Presented in the table below are annualized incremental revenues, including reductions for the amortization of the excess accumulated deferred income taxes EADIT that are generally offset in income tax expense, assuming a constant sales volume and customer count, resulting from general rate case authorizations that are effective during 2024: 
 (In millions) Effective Date Amount General rate cases by state: New Jersey September 15, 2024 80 Pennsylvania August 7, 2024 99 Indiana, Step Increases (a) 48 Kentucky May 3, 2024 (b) 11 West Virginia February 25, 2024 18 Total general rate case authorizations 256 
 (a) In 2024, 23 million was effective May 10 and 25 million was effective February 21. 
 (b) The Kentucky Public Service Commission issued its final order on May 3, 2024. On May 16, 2024, the Kentucky subsidiary filed a petition for rehearing. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 On September 4, 2024, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities NJBPU issued an order approving without modification the stipulation of settlement of a general rate case filed on January 19, 2024, by the Company s New Jersey subsidiary. The general rate case order approved an 80 million annualized increase in the New Jersey subsidiary s water and wastewater revenues, effective September 15, 2024, based on (i) an authorized return on equity of 9.60 , (ii) an authorized rate base of 5.1 billion, (iii) a common equity ratio of 55.00 , and (iv) a long-term debt ratio of 45.00 . The annualized revenue increase is driven primarily by 1.3 billion of incremental capital investments since the New Jersey subsidiary s last general rate case. The New Jersey subsidiary will continue to defer as a regulatory asset or liability, as appropriate, until its next general rate case, the difference between its pension expense and other postretirement benefits expense and those amounts included in base rates. 
 On July 22, 2024, the PaPUC released an order approving the adjustment of base rates requested in a general rate case filed by the Company s Pennsylvania subsidiary on November 8, 2023. The PaPUC approved a 99 million annualized increase in the Pennsylvania subsidiary s water and wastewater system revenues, excluding previously recovered infrastructure surcharges of 20 million, based on (i) an authorized return on equity of 9.45 , (ii) an authorized rate base of 5.8 billion, which reflects, as requested and included in the general rate case, approximately 1.0 billion in capital investments to be made through mid-2025, (iii) a common equity ratio of 55.30 , and (iv) a long-term debt ratio of 44.70 . Certain acquisitions that were or remain pending, including the acquisition of the wastewater collection and treatment system of the Butler Area Sewer Authority, were excluded from authorized base rates. The new rates were effective on August 7, 2024, except that new wastewater rates for two recently acquired systems, including the City of York, will take effect during the first half of 2025 in accordance with the terms of the relevant acquisition agreements. As part of its approval of this rate adjustment, the PaPUC initiated an investigation into certain reported water service and water quality issues in the Pennsylvania subsidiary s Northeastern service territory, which reports had been provided during public input hearings convened in the general rate case. 
 On May 3, 2024, the Kentucky Public Service Commission (the KPSC issued an order approving the adjustment of base rates requested in a rate case filed on June 30, 2023, by the Company s Kentucky subsidiary. The general rate case order approved an 11 million annualized increase in water revenues, excluding infrastructure surcharge revenues of 10 million which continue to be recovered in the Kentucky subsidiary s approved infrastructure mechanism. The annualized increase is based upon an authorized return on equity of 9.70 , authorized rate base of 489 million, which reflects capital investments through January 31, 2025, and a capital structure with a common equity ratio of 52.22 . Interim rates in this proceeding were effective on February 6, 2024, and the order required that the difference between interim and final approved rates be subject to refund no later than August 26, 2024. On May 16, 2024, the Kentucky subsidiary filed with the KPSC a petition for rehearing of the KPSC s order, seeking clarification and/or correction of certain computational inconsistencies that the Kentucky subsidiary believes are reflected in the KPSC s order with respect to the authorized amount of annualized revenues to be received by the Kentucky subsidiary. The petition for rehearing also requested that any revisions become effective February 6, 2024, with any difference between the adjusted amount and initial approved rates subject to refund or collection. On May 28, 2024, the KPSC granted the request for rehearing, and the Kentucky subsidiary expects resolution of this proceeding later in 2024. 
 On February 23, 2024, the West Virginia Public Service Commission issued an order approving the adjustment of base rates requested in a rate case filed on May 1, 2023, by the Company s West Virginia subsidiary. The general rate case order approved an 18 million annualized increase in water and wastewater system revenues, excluding previously recovered infrastructure surcharges of 7 million, based on an authorized return on equity of 9.80 , authorized rate base of 886 million, which reflects capital investments through February 2024, a common equity ratio of 50.10 and a long-term debt ratio of 49.90 . The increased water and wastewater revenues related to the base rate adjustment are being driven primarily by (i) 220 million of related water and wastewater system capital investments made since the completion of the West Virginia subsidiary s previous rate case, (ii) higher pension and other postretirement benefit costs, and (iii) increases in production costs, including chemicals, fuel and power costs. 
 On February 14, 2024, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission IURC issued an order approving the adjustment of base rates requested in a rate case filed on March 31, 2023, by the Company s Indiana subsidiary. The general rate case order approved a 66 million annualized increase in water and wastewater system revenues, excluding previously recovered infrastructure surcharges, based on an authorized return on equity of 9.65 , authorized rate base of 1.8 billion, a common equity ratio of 56.15 and a debt ratio of 43.85 . For purposes of determining rates, the adjustment is based on an equity component of 48.19 due to the regulatory practice in Indiana of including certain zero-cost items or tax credit balances in the capital structure calculation. The annualized revenue increase will include three step increases, with 25 million of the increase to be included in rates in February 2024, 23 million in May 2024, and 18 million in May 2025. The increases are being driven primarily by (i) over 875 million of water and wastewater system capital investments since the completion of the Indiana subsidiary s last rate case and through April 30, 2025, (ii) higher pension and other postretirement benefit costs, and (iii) increases in production costs, including chemicals, fuel and power costs. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Pending General Rate Case Filings 
 On August 2, 2024, the Company s Hawaii subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting approximately 2 million in annualized incremental revenues, which is based on a proposed return on equity of 10.67 and a capital structure with an equity component of 52.11 and debt component of 47.89 . The requested annualized incremental revenue is driven primarily by approximately 41 million in capital investments made and to be made by the Hawaii subsidiary through 2025. The Hawaii subsidiary anticipates that the general rate case proceeding will be completed by mid-2025. 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company s Missouri subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting approximately 148 million in annualized incremental revenues. The request is based on a return on equity of 10.75 and a capital structure with an equity component of 50.54 and a long-term debt component of 49.46 . The requested annualized incremental revenue is driven primarily by 1.5 billion of incremental capital investments completed and planned by the Missouri subsidiary from January 2023 through May 2026. On July 31, 2024, the Missouri Public Service Commission issued an order establishing the test year in this case, which modified the Missouri subsidiary s original proposal for a future test year through May 2026, and instead reverted to a true-up period through December 31, 2024, with an allowance for proposed discrete adjustments subsequent to this date. On September 6, 2024, the Missouri subsidiary filed supplemental testimony to revise the request to approximately 123 million in annualized incremental revenues and define the specific discrete adjustments proposed through the rate effective period, which lowered the incremental capital investments completed and planned to 1.1 billion through May 2025. The Missouri subsidiary anticipates that the general rate case proceeding will be completed by mid-2025. 
 On May 1, 2024, the Company s Iowa subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting approximately 21 million in additional annualized revenues, which is based on a proposed return on equity of 10.75 and a capital structure with an equity component of 52.57 and debt component of 47.43 . The requested annualized revenue increase is driven primarily by approximately 157 million in capital investments made and to be made by the Iowa subsidiary through March 2026. Interim rates became effective May 11, 2024, with the difference between interim and final approved rates subject to refund. On August 29, 2024, the Iowa subsidiary submitted supplemental testimony consistent with the procedural schedule, which was subsequently challenged by the parties in the proceeding. On October 4, 2024, the Iowa Utilities Commission issued an order that granted the inclusion of the supplemental filing and extended the procedural schedule in the case beyond the statutory ten-month period. The Iowa subsidiary now expects resolution of this proceeding by May 2025. 
 On May 1, 2024, the Company s Tennessee subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting approximately 14 million in additional annualized revenues, which is based on a proposed return on equity of 10.75 and a capital structure with an equity component of 54.52 and debt component of 45.48 . The requested annualized revenue increase is driven primarily by approximately 173 million in capital investments made and to be made by the Tennessee subsidiary through December 2025. 
 On January 25, 2024, the Company s Illinois subsidiary filed tariffs for new water and wastewater rates. The request seeks a two-step rate increase consisting of aggregate annualized incremental revenue, based on a proposed return on equity of 10.75 , of (i) approximately 132 million, excluding infrastructure surcharges of 5 million, effective January 1, 2025, based on a future test year through December 31, 2025, with average rate base and a capital structure with an equity component of 52.27 and a debt component of 47.73 , and (ii) approximately 16 million effective January 1, 2026, based on a future test year to include end of period rate base and a capital structure with an equity component of 54.43 and a debt component of 45.57 . The requested increases are driven primarily by an estimated 557 million in capital investments to be made by the Illinois subsidiary from January 2024 through December 2025. The request also proposes a treatment and compliance rider to address recovery of future environmental compliance investments, and a modification to the existing volume balancing account mechanism to include full production cost recovery. The requested increase was subsequently updated in the Illinois subsidiary s June 20, 2024, rebuttal filing, with the first step request adjusted to 140 million in additional annualized revenues. On October 24, 2024, a proposed order was issued by the administrative law judge in the proceeding, recommending a 9.84 return on equity and a capital structure with an equity component of 49.00 and a debt component of 51.00 . In addition, the proposed order recommended against the Illinois subsidiary s second-step increase. The recommendations in the proposed order may be accepted, modified or rejected by the Illinois Commerce Commission. A final order in the case is expected no later than December 17, 2024, with new rates implemented January 1, 2025. 
 On December 15, 2023, the Company s California subsidiary submitted a request to delay by one year its cost of capital filing and maintain its current authorized cost of capital through 2025. On February 2, 2024, the California Public Utilities Commission CPUC granted the request for a one-year extension of the cost of capital filing to May 1, 2025, to set its authorized cost of capital beginning January 1, 2026. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 On November 1, 2023, the Company s Virginia subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting 20 million in additional annualized revenues. The request is based on a proposed return on equity of 10.95 and a capital structure with an equity component of 45.67 and a debt and other component of 54.33 . The requested increase is driven by approximately 110 million in capital investments between May 2023 and April 2025. The request also proposed a revenue decoupling mechanism and seeks deferral of certain production cost adjustments. Interim rates became effective May 1, 2024, with the difference between interim and final approved rates subject to refund. On September 20, 2024, the Virginia subsidiary filed with the Virginia State Corporation Commission (the SCC a black box stipulation of settlement which agreed to a 15 million annualized increase in the Virginia subsidiary s revenues. The stipulation of settlement also agreed, solely for purposes of the Virginia subsidiary s future filings requiring a stated cost of capital and/or capital structure (including its annual information and water and wastewater infrastructure surcharge filings), that its return on equity will be 9.70 and its capital structure will consist of an equity component of 45.67 and a debt and other component of 54.33 . The stipulation of settlement remains subject to SCC review and approval. 
 On July 1, 2022, the Company s California subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting an increase in 2024 revenue of 56 million and a total increase in revenue over the 2024 to 2026 period of 95 million, all as compared to 2022 revenues. The Company updated its filing in January 2023 to capture the authorized step increase effective January 1, 2023. The filing was also updated to incorporate a decoupling proposal and a revision to the Company s sales and associated variable expense forecast. The revised filing requested additional annualized revenues for the test year 2024 of 37 million, compared to 2023 revenues. This excludes the proposed step rate and attrition rate increase for 2025 and 2026 of 20 million and 19 million, respectively. The total revenue requirement request for the three-year rate case cycle, incorporating updates to present rate revenues and forecasted demand, is 76 million. On November 17, 2023, the California subsidiary filed with the CPUC a partial settlement agreement reached with the CPUC s Public Advocates Office, which would determine the amount of incremental annualized water and wastewater revenue to be received by the California subsidiary to be 20 million in the 2024 test year, 16 million in the 2025 escalation year, and 15 million in the 2026 attrition year . The partial settlement agreement addresses the California subsidiary s revenue requirement request but does not address rate design or certain other matters, such as the requested inclusion and implementation of a revenue stability mechanism to separate the California subsidiary s revenue and water sales. On August 27, 2024, a proposed decision was issued in the proceeding which, among other provisions, recommended adoption by the CPUC of the partial settlement agreement and recommended denial of the California subsidiary s proposed Water Resources Sustainability Plan decoupling mechanism and its currently effective Annual Consumption Adjustment Mechanism. On September 16, 2024, and September 23, 2024, the California subsidiary submitted comments in the proceeding continuing to support its position and recommending the CPUC revise the proposed decision to approve the Water Resource Sustainability Plan decoupling mechanism and maintain the Annual Consumption Adjustment Mechanism. The CPUC will consider the proposed decision and all responsive comments and will issue a final decision in the proceeding, which is currently scheduled for December 5, 2024, with new rates implemented retroactively to January 1, 2024. 
 Infrastructure Surcharges 
 A number of states have authorized the use of regulatory mechanisms that permit rates to be adjusted outside of a general rate case for certain costs and investments, such as infrastructure surcharge mechanisms that permit recovery of capital investments to replace aging infrastructure. Presented in the table below are annualized incremental revenues, assuming a constant sales volume and customer count, resulting from infrastructure surcharge authorizations that became effective during 2024: 
 (In millions) Effective Date Amount Infrastructure surcharges by state: Missouri (b) 47 Pennsylvania (c) 21 New Jersey April 30, 2024 9 Iowa March 1, 2024 1 West Virginia (a) March 1, 2024 7 Illinois January 1, 2024 5 Total infrastructure surcharge authorizations 90 
 (a) On March 5, 2024, the West Virginia Public Service Commission directed the Company s West Virginia subsidiary to interpret the distribution system improvement charge DSIC Order as having included within the DSIC the three-year amortization of a prior authorized deferral associated with a large treatment plant project. The inclusion of this deferral increased the net incremental revenue by 0.7 million to a total of 6.6 million effective March 1, 2024. 
 (b) In 2024, 21 million was effective July 11 and 26 million was effective January 20. 
 (c) In 2024, 14 million was effective July 1 and 7 million was effective April 1. 
 Pending Infrastructure Surcharge Filings 
 On September 3, 2024, the Company s Missouri subsidiary filed an infrastructure surcharge proceeding requesting 17 million in additional annualized revenues. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 On August 30, 2024, the Company s Kentucky subsidiary filed an infrastructure surcharge proceeding requesting 2 million in additional annualized revenues. 
 On June 28, 2024, the Company s West Virginia subsidiary filed an infrastructure surcharge proceeding requesting 4 million in additional annualized revenues. 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 In September 2020, the CPUC released a decision under its Low-Income Rate Payer Assistance program rulemaking that required the Company s California subsidiary to file a proposal to alter its water revenue adjustment mechanism in its next general rate case filing in 2022, which would have become effective upon receiving an order in the current pending rate case. On October 5, 2020, the Company s California subsidiary filed an application for rehearing of the decision and following the CPUC s denial of its rehearing application in September 2021, the Company s California subsidiary filed a petition for writ of review with the California Supreme Court on October 27, 2021. On May 18, 2022, the California Supreme Court issued a writ of review for the California subsidiary s petition and the petitions filed by other entities challenging the decision. On July 8, 2024, the California Supreme Court issued a unanimous opinion concluding that the CPUC did not regularly seek to exercise its authority when it prohibited water utilities from proposing to continue their water revenue adjustment mechanisms. Accordingly, the California Supreme Court vacated the portion of the CPUC s 2020 decision relating to this prohibition against continuation of such water revenue adjustment mechanisms. 
 Independent of the judicial challenge, California passed Senate Bill 1469, which allows the CPUC to consider and authorize the implementation of a mechanism that separates the water corporation s revenue and its water sales. Legislation was signed by the Governor on September 30, 2022, and became effective on January 1, 2023. In response to the legislation, on January 27, 2023, the Company s California subsidiary filed an updated application requesting the CPUC to consider a Water Resources Sustainability Plan decoupling mechanism in its pending 2022 general rate case, which, if adopted, will become effective upon receiving an order in the current pending rate case, as discussed above. 
 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Presented in the table below are the Company s consolidated results of operations: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating revenues 1,323 1,167 3,483 3,202 Operating expenses: Operation and maintenance 496 436 1,339 1,248 Depreciation and amortization 200 177 581 523 General taxes 84 76 246 227 Other (1) (1) Total operating expenses, net 780 689 2,165 1,997 Operating income 543 478 1,318 1,205 Other (expense) income: Interest expense (132) (117) (387) (342) Interest income 22 23 71 52 Non-operating benefit costs, net 7 9 23 26 Other, net 13 14 31 37 Total other (expense) income (90) (71) (262) (227) Income before income taxes 453 407 1,056 978 Provision for income taxes 103 84 244 205 Net income attributable to common shareholders 350 323 812 773 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Results of Operations 
 The Company s operating segments are comprised of its businesses which generate revenue, incur expense and have separate financial information which is regularly used by management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. The Company operates its business primarily through one reportable segment, the Regulated Businesses segment. Other, primarily includes MSG, which does not meet the criteria of a reportable segment in accordance with GAAP. Other also includes corporate costs that are not allocated to the Company s Regulated Businesses , i nterest income related to the secured seller promissory note from the sale of HOS, income from assets not associated with the Regulated Businesses, eliminations of inter-segment transactions and fair value adjustments related to acquisitions that have not been allocated to the Regulated Businesses segment. This presentation is consistent with how management assesses the results of these businesses. 
 Regulated Businesses Segment 
 Presented in the table below is financial information for the Regulated Businesses: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating revenues 1,219 1,095 3,204 2,960 Operation and maintenance 402 368 1,109 1,043 Depreciation and amortization 196 174 569 515 General taxes 79 72 232 213 Other (1) (1) Other expenses (84) (66) (247) (204) Provision for income taxes 102 84 233 203 Net income attributable to common shareholders 356 331 815 783 
 Operating Revenues 
 Presented in the tables below is information regarding the main components of the Regulated Businesses operating revenues: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Water services: Residential 679 607 1,763 1,622 Commercial 255 231 659 600 Fire service 41 40 123 118 Industrial 50 50 138 126 Public and other 81 72 212 220 Total water services 1,106 1,000 2,895 2,686 Wastewater services: Residential 62 58 181 169 Commercial 20 16 52 46 Industrial 4 2 9 6 Public and other 11 8 28 21 Total wastewater services 97 84 270 242 Other (a) 
 16 11 39 32 Total operating revenues 1,219 1,095 3,204 2,960 
 (a) Includes other operating revenues consisting primarily of miscellaneous utility charges, fees and rents. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (Gallons in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Billed water services volumes: Residential 51,137 49,452 123,752 123,527 Commercial 24,389 23,481 60,971 59,029 Industrial 10,261 10,559 28,308 28,014 Fire service, public and other 16,263 15,760 41,077 41,042 Total billed water services volumes 102,050 99,252 254,108 251,612 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating revenues increased 124 million and 244 million, respectively, primarily due to increases of 83 million and 183 million, respectively, from authorized rate increases, including infrastructure surcharges, principally to recover infrastructure investment in various states. In addition, operating revenues increased 11 million and 29 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, from water and wastewater acquisitions, as well as organic growth in existing systems. Also, operating revenues were 7 million and 17 million higher for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as a result of reduced amortization of EADIT, primarily in the Company s Missouri subsidiary. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating revenues increased 20 million from strong demand. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, these increases were partially offset by a 8 million estimated net decrease due to warm, dry weather in 2023. 
 Operation and Maintenance 
 Presented in the table below is information regarding the main components of the Regulated Businesses operation and maintenance expense: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Employee-related costs 134 127 405 386 Production costs 133 125 344 324 Operating supplies and services 72 59 196 173 Maintenance materials and supplies 25 22 66 65 Customer billing and accounting 20 19 48 48 Other 18 16 50 47 Total operation and maintenance expense 402 368 1,109 1,043 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, operation and maintenance expense increased 34 million and 66 million, respectively, due to increased production costs primarily from higher purchased water cost and usage, increased employee related costs to support growth and increases in other operating expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, depreciation and amortization increased 22 million and 54 million, respectively, primarily due to additional utility plant placed in service from capital infrastructure investments. 
 General Taxes 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, general taxes increased 7 million and 19 million, respectively, primarily due to incremental property taxes and New Jersey Gross Receipts Tax. 
 Other Expenses 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, other expenses increased 18 million and 43 million, respectively, primarily due to higher interest expense from the issuance of incremental long-term debt and a decrease in allowance for funds used during construction in the current periods. These increases were partially offset by decreases in interest expense as a result of lower average commercial paper borrowings and from the repayment of American Water Capital Corp. s AWCC 3.850 Senior Notes in March 2024. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for Income Taxes 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Regulated Businesses provision for income taxes increased 18 million and 30 million, respectively. The Regulated Businesses effective income tax rate was 22.3 and 20.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 22.2 and 20.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily due to the decrease in the amortization of EADIT pursuant to regulatory orders. 
 
 Other 
 Presented in the table below is information for Other: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating revenues 104 72 279 242 Operation and maintenance 94 68 230 205 Depreciation and amortization 4 3 12 8 General taxes 5 4 14 14 Interest expense (25) (25) (81) (73) Interest income 16 16 57 38 Other income 3 4 9 12 Provision for income taxes 1 11 2 Net loss attributable to common shareholders (6) (8) (3) (10) 
 Operating Revenues 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating revenues increased 32 million and 37 million, respectively, primarily due to timing of capital projects in MSG and the Contract Services Group businesses. 
 Operation and Maintenance 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, operation and maintenance expense increased 26 million and 25 million, respectively, primarily due to costs associated with the increased capital projects in MSG. 
 Interest Income 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest income increased 19 million, primarily due to the increased interest rate and higher principal balance on the amended secured seller promissory note from the sale of HOS. See Note 5 Acquisitions and Divestitures in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Legislative Updates 
 During 2024, the Company s regulatory jurisdictions enacted the following legislation that has been approved and is effective as of October 30, 2024: 
 New Jersey passed Assembly Bill 4791, establishing the Resiliency and Environmental System Investment Charge Program, which creates a regulatory mechanism that enables water and wastewater utilities to recover the costs of investment in certain non-revenue producing utility system components that enhance water and wastewater system resiliency, environmental compliance such as existing and proposed requirements for PFAS, safety, and public health. Legislation was signed by the Governor and became effective on January 12, 2024. 
 Indiana passed Senate Bill 5, which provides access to a property by a water utility to replace lead service lines when a landown er does not enroll in the offered lead service line replacement program, does not personally replace the customer owned portion of the lead service line following notice and a 45-day waiting period, or is non-responsive to attempted communication after the 45-day waiting period. Legislation was signed by the Governor and became effective on March 11, 2024. 
 Iowa passed House File 207, which modifies property tax assessments to exempt property owned or operated by a public or private utility and is directly and primarily used for furnishing sanitary sewage or storm water drainage disposal by a piped collection system to the public for compensation. Legislation was signed by the Governor and became effective on May 2, 2024. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 West Virginia passed House Bill 5617, which adopts standards and authorizes the Public Service Commission to promulgate rules, and also allows for rate recovery, on maintenance, flushing, flow testing and marking of fire hydrants owned by water utilities. Legislation was signed by the Governor and became effective on June 4, 2024. 
 Iowa passed House File 2101, which increases the threshold amount required for approval by the Iowa Utilities Commission for water and wastewater utility acquisition filings from 0.5 million to 3 million. Legislation was signed by the Governor and became effective on July 1, 2024. 
 Indiana passed Senate Bill 247, which establishes a 30-day filing with the IURC by a utility for an acquisition of a utility with an appraised value and purchase price of less than 3 million. Legislation was signed by the Governor became effective on July 1, 2024. 
 During 2024, the Company s regulatory jurisdictions enacted the following legislation that has been approved but is not yet effective as of October 30, 2024: 
 California passed Senate Bill 219, which amends the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act, to allow the California Air Resources Board until July 1, 2025, to issue implementing regulations, including reporting requirements for Scope 3 emissions. Legislation was signed by the Governor on September 27, 2024, and will become effective January 1, 2025. 
 Condemnation and Eminent Domain 
 All or portions of the Regulated Businesses utility assets could be acquired by state, municipal or other government entities through one or more of the following methods: (i) eminent domain (also known as condemnation); (ii) the right of purchase given or reserved by a municipality or political subdivision when the original certificate of public convenience and necessity CPCN was granted; and (iii) the right of purchase given or reserved under the law of the state in which the utility subsidiary was incorporated or from which it received its CPCN. The acquisition consideration related to such a proceeding initiated by a local government may be determined consistent with applicable eminent domain law or may be negotiated or fixed by appraisers as prescribed by the law of the state or the jurisdiction of the particular CPCN. 
 As such, the Regulated Businesses are periodically subject to condemnation proceedings in the ordinary course of business. For example, the Monterey water service system assets (the Monterey system assets of the Company s California subsidiary Cal Am are the subject of a potential condemnation action by the Monterey Peninsula Water Management District (the MPWMD stemming from a November 2018 public ballot initiative. For more information on this matter, see Part II, Item 1 Legal Proceedings Proposed Acquisition of Monterey System Assets MPWMD Condemnation Action and Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Furthermore, the law in certain jurisdictions in which the Regulated Businesses operate provides for eminent domain rights allowing private property owners to file a lawsuit to seek just compensation against a public utility, if a public utility s infrastructure has been determined to be a substantial cause of damage to that property. In these actions, the plaintiff would not have to prove that the public utility acted negligently. In California, for example, lawsuits have been filed in connection with large-scale natural events such as wildfires. Some of these lawsuits have included allegations that infrastructure of certain utilities triggered the natural event that resulted in damage to the property. In some cases, the PUC has allowed certain costs or losses incurred by the utility to be recovered from customers in rates, but in other cases such recovery in rates has been disallowed. Also, the utility may have obtained insurance that could respond to some or all of such losses, although the utility would be at risk for any losses not ultimately subject to rate or insurance recovery or losses that exceed the limits of such insurance. 
 
 Tax Matters 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IRA was signed into law. The IRA contains a 15 Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax CAMT provision on applicable corporations effective January 1, 2023. To determine if a company is considered an applicable corporation subject to CAMT, the company s average adjusted financial statement income AFSI for the three consecutive years preceding the tax year must exceed 1.0 billion. An applicable corporation must make several adjustments to net income when determining AFSI. A corporation paying CAMT is eligible for a future tax credit, which can be utilized when regular tax exceeds CAMT. Based on current guidance, the Company is an applicable corporation subject to CAMT beginning in 2024 and expects to owe CAMT in excess of the regular tax liability. On September 12, 2024, the Internal Revenue Service IRS and the U.S. Treasury issued Notice 2024-66, allowing corporate taxpayers to exclude amounts attributable to the CAMT liability, without penalty, from estimated tax payments with respect to a taxable year that begins during 2024. The Company will include the CAMT liability in its 2024 extension payment due April 15, 2025. The Company will continue to assess the impacts of the IRA as the U.S. Treasury and the IRS provide further guidance. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 For a general overview of the sources and uses of capital resources, see the introductory discussion in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources in the Company s Form 10-K. 
 Liquidity needs for capital investment, working capital and other financial commitments are generally funded through cash flows from operations, public and private debt offerings, commercial paper markets, future issuances of equity, and, if and to the extent necessary, borrowings under AWCC s revolving credit facility. 
 The Company expects to fund future maturities of long-term debt through a combination of external debt and, to the extent available, cash flows from operations. Since the Company expects its capital investments over the next few years to be greater than its cash flows from operating activities, the Company currently plans to fund the excess of its capital investments over its cash flows from operating activities for the next five years through a combination of long-term debt and equity issuances, in addition to the remaining proceeds from the sale of HOS. The remaining proceeds from the sale of HOS include receipt of payments under a secured seller promissory note, plus interest. If necessary, the Company may delay certain capital investments or other funding requirements or pursue financing from other sources to preserve liquidity. In this event, the Company believes it can rely upon cash flows from operations to meet its obligations and fund its minimum required capital investments for an extended period of time. 
 On February 23, 2024, AWCC completed a 1.4 billion debt offering, which included the sale of 700 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.150 senior notes due 2034 and 700 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.450 senior notes due 2054. At the closing of this offering, AWCC received, after deduction of underwriting discounts and before deduction of offering expenses, net proceeds of approximately 1,381 million. AWCC used the net proceeds of the offering (1) to lend funds to American Water and the Regulated Businesses; (2) to repay at maturity AWCC s 3.850 Senior Notes due 2024; (3) to repay AWCC s commercial paper obligations; and (4) for general corporate purposes. 
 AWCC s revolving credit facility provides 2.75 billion in aggregate total commitments from a diversified group of financial institutions. The revolving credit facility is used principally to support AWCC s commercial paper program, to provide additional liquidity support, and to provide a sub limit for the issuance of up to 150 million in letters of credit. The maximum aggregate principal amount of short-term borrowings authorized for issuance under AWCC s commercial paper program is 2.6 billion. On October 28, 2024, the termination date of the credit agreement with respect to AWCC s revolving credit facility was extended, as permitted by the terms of the credit agreement, from October 2028 to October 2029. Subject to satisfying certain conditions, the credit agreement permits AWCC to increase the maximum commitment by up to an aggregate of 500 million. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, there were no borrowings under the revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, there were 75 million of outstanding letters of credit under the revolving credit facility. 
 Presented in the tables below is the aggregate credit facility commitments, commercial paper limit and letter of credit availability under the revolving credit facility, as well as the available capacity for each: 
 As of September 30, 2024 (In millions) Commercial Paper Limit Letters of Credit Total (a) Total availability 2,600 150 2,750 Outstanding debt (215) (75) (290) Remaining availability as of September 30, 2024 2,385 75 2,460 
 (a) Total remaining availability of 2.5 billion as of September 30, 2024, was accessible through revolver draws. 
 As of December 31, 2023 (In millions) Commercial Paper Limit Letters of Credit Total (a) 
 Total availability 2,600 150 2,750 Outstanding debt (180) (75) (255) Remaining availability as of December 31, 2023 2,420 75 2,495 
 (a) Total remaining availability of 2.5 billion as of December 31, 2023, was accessible through revolver draws. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Presented in the table below is the Company s total available liquidity: 
 (In millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents Availability on Revolving Credit Facility Total Available Liquidity Available liquidity as of September 30, 2024 127 2,460 2,587 Available liquidity as of December 31, 2023 330 2,495 2,825 
 The weighted-average interest rate on AWCC s outstanding short-term borrowings was approximately 4.90 and 5.51 at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company believes that its ability to access the debt and equity capital markets, the revolving credit facility and cash flows from operations will generate sufficient cash to fund the Company s short-term requirements. The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity and the ability to manage its expenditures, should there be a disruption of the capital and credit markets. However, there can be no assurance that the lenders will be able to meet existing commitments to AWCC under the revolving credit facility, or that AWCC will be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on acceptable terms or at all. See Note 8 Short-Term Debt in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company entered into seven treasury lock agreements, with a term of 10 years or 30 years, with notional amounts totaling 330 million. These treasury lock agreements have an average fixed interest rate of 4.02 . The Company designated these treasury lock agreements as cash flow hedges, with their fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss. 
 The Company had entered into 15 treasury lock agreements through February 2024, with notional amounts totaling 825 million. The Company designated these treasury lock agreements as cash flow hedges, with their fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive gain or loss. In February 2024, the Company terminated the treasury lock agreements realizing a pre-tax net gain of 14 million, to be amortized through Interest expense over a 10-year period or 30-year period, in accordance with the tenor of the notes issued on February 23, 2024. 
 No ineffectiveness was recognized on hedging instruments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities primarily result from the sale of water and wastewater services and, due to the seasonality of demand, are generally greater during the warmer months. Presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the Company s cash flows from operating activities: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Net income 812 773 Add (less): Depreciation and amortization 581 523 Deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits 84 129 Other non-cash activities (a) 
 28 (13) Changes in assets and liabilities (b) 
 (66) (31) Pension contributions (33) (34) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,406 1,347 
 (a) Includes provision for losses on accounts receivable, pension and non-pension postretirement benefits and other non-cash, net. Details of each component can be found on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 (b) Changes in assets and liabilities include changes to receivables and unbilled revenues, income tax receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, accrued taxes and other assets and liabilities, net. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by operating activities increased 59 million, due to an increase in net income and other non-cash activities, offset by changes in deferred income taxes and an increase in other long-term assets. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the Company s cash flows from investing activities: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Capital expenditures (1,962) (1,779) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (119) (36) Removal costs from property, plant and equipment retirements, net (112) (113) Purchases of available-for-sale fixed-income securities (113) Proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale fixed-income securities 147 Net cash used in investing activities (2,159) (1,928) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash used in investing activities increased 231 million, primarily due to increased payments for capital expenditures and acquisitions. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the Company s cash flows from financing activities: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Proceeds from long-term debt, net of discount 1,416 1,246 Repayments of long-term debt (474) (263) Net proceeds from common stock financing 1,688 Net short-term borrowings (repayments) with maturities less than three months 35 (1,175) Debt issuance costs (13) (15) Dividends paid (436) (395) Other financing activities, net (a) 
 38 39 Net cash provided by financing activities 566 1,125 
 (a) Includes proceeds from issuances of common stock under various employee stock plans and the Company s dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan, net of taxes paid, and advances and contributions in aid of construction, net of refunds. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by financing activities decreased 559 million, primarily due to the repayment of long-term debt in the current period and the proceeds from the common stock financing in March 2023. These decreases were partially offset by a higher issuance of long-term debt and lower repayments of short-term commercial paper borrowings compared to the prior period. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 The Company s debt agreements contain financial and non-financial covenants. To the extent that the Company is not in compliance with these covenants, an event of default may occur under one or more debt agreements and the Company, or its subsidiaries, may be restricted in its ability to pay dividends, issue new debt or access the revolving credit facility. The long-term debt indentures contain a number of covenants that, among other things, prohibit or restrict the Company from issuing debt secured by the Company s assets, subject to certain exceptions. Failure to comply with any of these covenants could accelerate repayment obligations. 
 Covenants in certain long-term notes and the revolving credit facility require the Company to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization (as defined in the relevant documents) of not more than 0.70 to 1.00. On September 30, 2024, the Company s ratio was 0.56 to 1.00 and therefore the Company was in compliance with the covenants. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Security Ratings 
 Presented in the table below are long-term and short-term credit ratings and rating outlooks as of October 30, 2024, as issued by Moody s Ratings on January 29, 2024, and S P Global Ratings on March 4, 2024: 
 Securities Moody s Ratings S P Global Ratings Rating outlook Stable Stable Senior unsecured debt Baa1 A Commercial paper P-2 A-1 
 A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Security ratings are highly dependent upon the ability to generate cash flows in an amount sufficient to service debt and meet investment plans. The Company can provide no assurances that its ability to generate cash flows is sufficient to maintain its existing ratings. The Company does not have any material borrowings that are subject to default or prepayment as a result of the downgrading of these security ratings, although such a downgrading could increase fees and interest charges under its credit facility. 
 As part of its normal course of business, the Company routinely enters into contracts for the purchase and sale of water, power and other fuel, chemicals and other services. These contracts either contain express provisions or otherwise permit the Company and its counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. In accordance with the contracts and applicable contract law, if the Company is downgraded by a credit rating agency, especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include a demand that the Company must provide collateral to secure its obligations. The Company does not expect to post any collateral which will have a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and respective financing costs in those markets, may be directly affected by the Company s securities ratings. The Company primarily accesses the debt capital markets, including the commercial paper market, through AWCC. However, the Company has also issued debt through its regulated subsidiaries, primarily in the form of mortgage bonds and tax-exempt securities or borrowings under state revolving funds, to lower the overall cost of debt. 
 Dividends 
 For discussion of the Company s dividends, see Note 6 Shareholders Equity in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The financial condition of the Company, results of operations and cash flows, as reflected in the Company s Consolidated Financial statements, are impacted by the methods, assumptions and estimates used in the application of critical accounting policies. See Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in the Company s Form 10-K for a discussion of its critical accounting policies. Additionally, see Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for updates, if any, to the significant accounting policies previously disclosed in the Company s Form 10-K. 
 Recent Accounting Standards 
 See Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of new accounting standards recently adopted or pending adoption. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The Company is exposed to market risk in the normal course of business, including changes in commodity prices, equity prices and interest rates. For further discussion of its exposure to market risk, see Part II, Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in the Company s Form 10-K. There have been no significant changes to the Company s exposure to market risk since December 31, 2023. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 American Water maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective. 
 The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. 
 Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The Company concluded that there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The following information updates and amends the information provided in the Company s Form 10-K in Item 3 Legal Proceedings, and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, in Part II, Item 1 Legal Proceedings. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Company s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. In accordance with the SEC s disclosure rules, the Company has elected to disclose environmental proceedings involving the Company and a governmental authority if the amount of potential monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, that the Company reasonably believes will result from such proceeding is 1 million or more. 
 Alternative Water Supply in Lieu of Carmel River Diversions 
 Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project 
 Water Supply Project Land Acquisition and Slant Well Site Use 
 The July 15, 2024, trial date previously set by the Monterey County Superior Court for the City s May 2020 lawsuit has been vacated pending receipt of the SWRCB s expert advisory opinion. On September 19, 2024, the SWRCB administrative hearing officer sent a letter to the court advising that the full draft report of the SWRCB advisory opinion addressing the questions referred by the court would not be received until at least November 1, 2024, and would then be likely considered by the SWRCB at its public board meeting scheduled for December 2024. The court therefore scheduled another status conference for January 28, 2025. 
 Regional Water Quality Control Board Approval of NPDES Permit Amendment 
 A requirement of the desalination plant that is a key component of the Water Supply Project is the discharge of brine through Monterey One Water's outfall. As a condition to Cal Am s coastal development permit, an amendment of a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, or NPDES, permit must be obtained by Monterey One Water as the outfall owner from the Regional Water Quality Control Board (the RWQCB ). The RWQCB must also determine that the proposed brine discharge complies with the desalination facility requirements under the California Ocean Plan. Working in cooperation with Monterey One Water staff and consultants, Cal Am prepared an application for submission to the RWQCB, which application and submission were approved by Monterey One Water's Board on September 30, 2024. 
 Cal Am s Action for Damages Following Termination of Regional Desalination Project RDP 
 Following a hearing held on August 16, 2024, the court approved supplemental briefing on certain issues and continued the hearing to November 1, 2024. The trial date in this matter remains vacated and will be rescheduled at a later date. 
 Proposed Acquisition of Monterey System Assets MPWMD Condemnation Action 
 MPWMD Condemnation Action 
 On February 26, 2024, Cal Am filed a motion requesting the Monterey County Superior Court dismiss the MPWMD s eminent domain lawsuit seeking to condemn Cal Am s Monterey system assets. Hearings on the motion were held on May 3, 2024, and August 23, 2024, and a decision on the motion from the court remains pending. 
 Dunbar, West Virginia Water Main Break Class Action Litigation 
 By order dated June 28, 2024, the Circuit Court set a date of December 3, 2024, for a class trial on issues relating to duty and breach of that duty. This trial will not find class-wide or punitive damages. Before trial begins, mediation is scheduled to take place during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Mountaineer Gas Company Main Break 
 The West Virginia Business Court has set a trial date of October 7, 2025, for the matter of Mountaineer Gas Company v. West Virginia-American Water Company. 
 On December 6, 2023, WVAWC initiated a process whereby Mountaineer Gas customers could file claims with WVAWC and seek payment from WVAWC of up to 2,000 in damages per affected household for the inconvenience arising from a loss of use of their appliances and documented out-of-pocket expenses as a result of the natural gas outage. In light of the diminishing number of new claims being filed, the claims process was concluded on March 8, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, a total of 593 Mountaineer Gas customers completed this claims process, and each of those customers has been paid by WVAWC an average of approximately 1,500. In return, these customers were required to execute a partial release of liability in favor of WVAWC. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, readers should carefully consider the factors discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors in the Form 10-K, and in the Company s other filings with the SEC, which could materially affect the Company s business, financial condition, cash flows or future results. Other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A Risk Factors in the Form 10-K. 
 We are, and may in the future be, subject to physical and cyber attacks. 
 As owners and operators of critical infrastructure, we face a heightened risk of physical and cyber attacks from internal or external sources. Our water and wastewater systems may be vulnerable to disability or failures as a result of physical or cyber attacks, acts of war or terrorism, vandalism and other causes. Our operational and information technology systems are also vulnerable to unauthorized external or internal access, due to hacking, viruses, social engineering attacks, acts of violence, war or terrorism, and other causes. Unauthorized access to confidential information located or stored on these systems could negatively and materially impact our reputation, customers, employees, suppliers and other third parties. Such unauthorized access could be caused through, among other causes, failure to follow established policies and procedures on the part of our employees, agents, vendors, suppliers, contractors or other third parties. Further, third parties, including vendors, suppliers and contractors, who perform certain services for us or administer and maintain our networks and sensitive information, could also be targets of cyber attacks and unauthorized access to their operational or information technology systems, and any cyber incident affecting our third-party business partners could significantly disrupt our operations. By way of example, on October 7, 2024, we disclosed that, on October 3, 2024, we identified unauthorized activity within our information technology computer networks and systems, which we determined to be the result of a cybersecurity incident. See Part I, Item 2 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Matters Cybersecurity Incident for more information regarding this incident. 
 While we believe that we have appropriate security measures and safeguards to protect our operational and information technology systems, the recent cybersecurity incident that we experienced demonstrated that those protections alone may not prevent a cyber attack, and we cannot guarantee that such protections will be completely successful in preventing or mitigating a future cyber attack. Although the Company is unable to predict the full impact of this incident, the Company does not expect that the incident will have a material effect on the Company or its financial condition or results of operations. An understanding of the full scope, nature and impact of this incident remains subject to our ongoing investigation. The Company remains subject to various risks due to this incident, including those related to the adequacy of processes during the period of disruption, diversion of management s attention, and litigation and regulatory scrutiny, including from putative class action lawsuits that have been filed in connection with the recent incident. Cybersecurity events could cause our operations to be disrupted, property to be damaged, and customer and other confidential information to be lost or stolen; we could experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs and other financial loss; we would likely suffer a loss or redirection of management time, attention and resources from our regular business operations; we may be subject to increased regulatory requirements; we would likely experience litigation and other claims against us; and we may suffer damage to our reputation, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Applicable laws and regulations or contracts may require us to report cybersecurity events or breaches of securely maintained confidential data, which may cause us to incur costs related to legal claims or proceedings and regulatory fines or penalties. These types of events, and their resulting impacts, either to our facilities or assets, those of third parties, or the industry in general, may also cause us to incur additional security and insurance related costs. In addition, in the ordinary course of business, we collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, about our customers and employees. In many cases, we outsource administration of certain functions to vendors that have been and will continue to be targets of cyber attacks. Any theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer, employee or proprietary data as a result of a cyber attack on us or a vendor, supplier, contractor or other third-party business partner could also subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs, as well as adversely impact our reputation with customers and regulators, among others. 
 We have obtained insurance to provide coverage for a portion of the losses and damages that may result from a physical attack, cyber attack or a security breach, but such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may not cover the total loss or damage caused by an attack or a breach. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, certain expenses related to the cybersecurity incident, including expenses to respond to, remediate and investigate this matter. Although we maintain cybersecurity insurance, the full scope of the costs and related impacts of the recent cybersecurity incident remain subject to investigation, and thus we cannot be certain of the extent to which such coverage or third-party indemnification will cover such costs. In the future, adequate insurance may not be available at rates that we believe are reasonable, and the costs of responding to and recovering from a physical attack, cyber attack or security breach incident may not be covered by insurance or recoverable in rates. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 In February 2015, the Board of Directors authorized an anti-dilutive stock repurchase program to mitigate the dilutive effect of shares issued through the Company s dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan and employee stock purchase and executive compensation activities. The program allows the Company to purchase up to 10 million shares of its outstanding common stock over an unrestricted period of time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The program is conducted in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act, and, to facilitate these repurchases, the Company enters into Rule 10b5-1 stock repurchase plans with a third-party broker, which allow the Company to repurchase shares of its common stock at times when it otherwise might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. Subject to applicable regulations, the Company may elect to amend or cancel the program or the stock repurchase parameters at its discretion to manage dilution. 
 The Company did not repurchase shares of common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024. From April 1, 2015, the date repurchases under the anti-dilutive stock repurchase program commenced, through September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 4,860,000 shares of common stock under the program, leaving an aggregate of 5,140,000 shares available for repurchase under this program. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1# Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2021, by and among American Water Enterprises, LLC, American Water (USA), LLC, American Water Resources, LLC, Pivotal Home Solutions, LLC, American Water Resources Holdings, LLC, American Water Works Company, Inc. and Lakehouse Buyer Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to American Water Works Company, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed October 29, 2021). 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of American Water Works Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to American Water Works Company, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-34028, filed November 6, 2008). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of American Water Works Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed December 8, 2022). 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2009, between American Water Capital Corp. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to American Water Works Company, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed December 3, 2010). 
 4.2 Officers Certificate of American Water Capital Corp., dated February 23, 2024, establishing the 5.150 Senior Notes due 2034 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to American Water Works Company, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed February 23, 2024). 
 4.3 Officers Certificate of American Water Capital Corp., dated February 23, 2024, establishing the 5.450 Senior Notes due 2054 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to American Water Works Company, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed February 23, 2024). 
 10.1# Amendment No. 1 to Secured Seller Note Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2024, by and among Lakehouse Bidco Inc., Lakehouse Buyer Inc., American Water Resources, LLC, Pivotal Home Solutions, LLC, American Water Resources Holdings, LLC, American Water Resources of Texas, LLC, American Water Resources of Florida, LLC, and American Water Enterprises, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to American Water Works Company, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed February 5, 2024). 
 10.2 Extension Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2024, by and among American Water Works Company, Inc., American Water Capital Corp., each of the Lenders party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent. 
 10.3 Offer Letter for Employment, dated August 1, 2024, between American Water Works Company, Inc. and M. Susan Hardwick. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.4 Offer Letter for Employment, dated August 1, 2024, between American Water Works Company, Inc. and John C. Griffith. 
 10.5 Offer Letter for Employment, dated August 1, 2024, between American Water Works Company, Inc. and David M. Bowler. 
 10.6 Offer Letter for Employment, dated August 1, 2024, between American Water Works Company, Inc. and Stacy A. Mitchell. 
 10.7 Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2022, 2023 and 2024 Restricted Stock Unit Grants (for Section 16 officers only). 
 10.8 Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to Form of American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2022, 2023 and 2024 Performance Stock Unit Grants (PSU-TSR) (for Section 16 officers only). 
 10.9 Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to Form of American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2022, 2023 and 2024 Performance Stock Unit Grants (PSU-EPS) (for Section 16 officers only). 
 10.10 Omnibus Amendment No. 1 to Form of American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2024 Performance Stock Unit Grants (PSU-ROE) (for Section 16 officers only). 
 31.1 Certification of M. Susan Hardwick, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 31.2 Certification of David M. Bowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 32.1 Certification of M. Susan Hardwick, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 32.2 Certification of David M. Bowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). 
 # Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted as permitted by rules or regulations of the SEC. The Company will furnish the omitted schedules and exhibits to the SEC upon request. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 The Membership Interest Purchase Agreement filed as Exhibit 2.1 and the Amendment No. 1 to Secured Seller Note Agreement filed as Exhibit 10 .1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been included to provide investors and security holders with information regarding the terms of the respective agreements. The filing of these agreements is not intended to provide any other factual information about the parties thereto, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the respective agreements (i) were made by the parties thereto only for purposes of that respective agreement and as of specific dates; (ii) were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the respective agreement; (iii) may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential disclosures exchanged between the parties in connection with the execution of the respective agreement (such disclosures include information that has been included in public disclosures, as well as additional non-public information); (iv) may have been made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the respective agreements instead of establishing these matters as facts; and (v) may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties to the respective agreements that differ from those applicable to investors. 
 Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the parties to the respective agreements thereto, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Additionally, the representations, warranties, covenants, conditions and other terms of the respective agreements may be subject to subsequent waiver or modification. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the respective agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Company s public disclosures. The respective agreements should not be read alone, but should instead be read in conjunction with the other information regarding the Company that is or will be contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the reports and other documents that are filed by the Company with the SEC. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 30th day of October, 2024. 
 A MERICAN W ATER W ORKS C OMPANY , I NC . 
 (R EGISTRANT 
 By /s/ M. SUSAN HARDWICK M. Susan Hardwick Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By /s/ DAVID M. BOWLER David M. Bowler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By /s/ MELISSA K. WIKLE Melissa K. Wikle Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 58 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 a2024q3ex-102_wellsfargoxa.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 
 
 Execution Version 

 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 
 This EXTENSION AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of October 28, 2024, is entered into among AMERICAN WATER CAPITAL CORP. , a Delaware corporation AWCC or the Borrower ), the Lenders party hereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders (the Administrative Agent ). 
 RECITALS 
 AWCC, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 AWCC, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent previously entered into an Extension Agreement, dated October 26, 2023, whereby the Termination Date was extended by a period of one year, pursuant to Section 2.06(b) of the Credit Agreement. 
 AWCC has requested its second (and final) one-year extension of the Termination Date pursuant to Section 2.06(b) of the Credit Agreement and each Lender executing this Agreement as an Extending Lender (each, an Extending Lender has approved such request pursuant to Section 2.06(b) of the Credit Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Extension . Pursuant to Section 2.06(b) of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower requested an extension of the Termination Date for a period of one year from October 26, 2028 to October 26, 2029 (the Extension ). As of the date hereof, the Extending Lenders constituting the Required Lenders have agreed to extend (such agreement evidenced by their execution of this Agreement) the Termination Date as to the Extending Lenders for a period of one year from October 26, 2028 to October 26, 2029. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in Section 3 hereof, the Termination Date as to the Extending Lenders is hereby extended to October 26, 2029. The Termination Date as to each Non-Extending Lender remains unchanged, subject to the right of the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.06(e) of the Credit Agreement to require any Non-Extending Lender to assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all of its rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement. 
 2. Limited Waiver . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 hereof, the Borrower and the Required Lenders hereby waive the various notice and timing requirements contained in Section 2.06(b)-(d) of the Credit Agreement provided , however , that the deadline for the Administrative Agent to receive Extending Lender consents for purposes of Section 2.06(c) and (d) of the Credit Agreement shall be 5 00 P.M. Eastern time on October 25, 2024. 

3. Conditions to Effectiveness . The Extension set forth in Section 1 and the limited waiver set forth in Section 2 shall become effective as of the date (the Effective Date on which each of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied 
 a. The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Agreement duly executed by AWCC, the Parent (solely for purposes of acknowledging Section 4 ), the Administrative Agent and Extending Lenders constituting the Required Lenders. 
 b. AWCC shall have paid the fees and reasonable expenses required to be paid on or prior to the Effective Date under that certain fee letter, dated as of October 28, 2024, among AWCC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, including but not limited to an extension fee equal to 0.06 of each Extending Lender s Commitment as of the Effective Date, and all other fees and reasonable expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders required under the Credit Agreement and any other Loan Document to be paid on or prior to the Effective Date (including reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) in connection with this Agreement. 
 c. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of AWCC, dated as of the Effective Date, confirming satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 3.02(b) and 3.02(c) of the Credit Agreement (with all references in such Sections to a Borrowing or Swingline Borrowing being deemed to be references to the Extension). 
 d. The Administrative Agent shall have received copies (certified to be true and complete by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower) of all governmental approvals (if any) required for each of the Borrower and the Parent in connection with the Extension. 
 4. Reaffirmation . The Parent hereby confirms and agrees that after giving effect to this Agreement and the Extension, the Obligations owing by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement constitute Debt under the Support Agreement. The Parent acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and the Extending Lenders would not enter into this Agreement in the absence of the acknowledgment and confirmation contained herein. 
 5. Full Force and Effect . Except as expressly modified hereby, the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof on the date hereof. As used in the Credit Agreement, hereinafter, hereto, hereof, and words of similar import shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Credit Agreement after giving effect to this Agreement. Any reference to the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents herein or in any such documents shall refer to the Credit Agreement and Loan Documents as modified hereby. This Agreement is limited as specified and shall not constitute or be deemed to constitute an amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any Loan Document except as expressly set forth herein. This Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 6. Severability of Provisions . Any provision in this Agreement that is held to be inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be 

inoperative, unenforceable, or invalid without affecting the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction or the operation, enforceability, or validity of that provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 7. Successors and Assigns . The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 8. Expenses . The Borrower agrees on demand (i) to pay all reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent, and (ii) to reimburse the Administrative Agent for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, in each case, in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement. 
 9. Applicable Law . This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
 10. Construction . The headings of the various sections and subsections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof. 
 11. Counterparts Electronic Delivery . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by any party to this Agreement of its signatures hereon through facsimile or other electronic image file (including .pdf) may be relied upon as if this Agreement were physically delivered with an original hand-written signature of such party and shall be binding on such party for all purposes. 
 remainder of page intentionally blank 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. 
 
 AMERICAN WATER CAPITAL CORP. 
 By s NICHOLAS FURIA 
 Name Nicholas Furia 
 Title Vice President and Treasurer 
 Acknowledged and agreed solely as to Section 4 of this Agreement 
 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 
 
 By s NICHOLAS FURIA 
 Name Nicholas Furia 
 Title Vice President and Treasurer 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as Administrative Agent, an LC Issuing Bank, a Swingline Bank and an Extending Lender 
 By s WHITNEY SHELLENBERG 
 Name Whitney Shellenberg 
 Title Executive Director 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , as an Extending Lender 
 By s OSWIN JOSEPH 
 Name Oswin Joseph 
 Title Executive Director 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as an Extending Lender 
 By s DILCIA PENA HILL 
 Name Dilcia P. Hill 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD , as an Extending Lender 
 By s EDWARD SACKS 
 Name Edward Sacks 
 Title Managing Director 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as an Extending Lender 
 By s MEREDITH L. JERMANN 
 Name Meredith L. Jermann 
 Title Vice President 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA , as an Extending Lender 
 By s MARTINA WELLIK 
 Name Martina Wellik 
 Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as an Extending Lender 
 By s JAMES O SHAUGHNESSY 
 Name James O Shaughnessy 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

TD BANK, N.A. , as an Extending Lender 
 By s M. BERNADETTE COLLINS 
 Name Bernadette Collins 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

TRUIST BANK , as an Extending Lender 
 By s JUSTIN LIEN 
 Name Justin Lien 
 Title Director 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

REGIONS BANK , as an Extending Lender 
 By s TEDRICK TARVER 
 Name Tedrick Tarver 
 Title Director 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA , as an Extending Lender 

By s DAVID DEWAR 
 Name David Dewar 
 Title Director 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK , as an Extending Lender 
 
 By s NOLAN WOODBURY 
 Name Nolan Woodbury 
 Title Assistant Vice President 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON , as an Extending Lender 
 By s MOLLY H. ROSS 
 Name Molly H. Ross 
 Title Director 
 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY , as an Extending Lender 
 By s ANDREW D. HOLTZ 
 Name Andrew D. Holtz 
 Title Senior Vice President 
 SIGNATURE PAGE TO 
 EXTENSION AGREEMENT 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 a2024q3ex-103_hardwickxceo.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

Exhibit 10.3 
 August 1, 2024 
 
 Ms. M. Susan Hardwick 
 REDACTED 
 REDACTED 
 
 Dear Susan 
 
 On behalf of American Water Works Service Company, Inc., I am confirming your new position as Chief Executive Officer at our Camden, New Jersey headquarters office. The effective date of your new position is August 1, 2024. The terms described in this offer letter are subject to the recommendation of the Executive Development & Compensation Committee (ED&CC) and the approval of the independent members of the Board of Directors and will not be effective until such approvals are received. 
 
 Base Salary There will be no change to your current annual salary. Your job performance will be reviewed annually as part of our performance management process, and you may be eligible for a merit increase in 2025. 
 
 APP There will be no change to your 2024 target award eligibility. For reference purposes, the 2024 cycle covers the period beginning on 01 01 2024 through 12 31 2024. Awards from the Annual Performance Plan are based on several company performance objectives, and payments may be higher or lower than target. 
 
 LTPP You remain eligible to receive a performance award under the American Water Long Term Performance Plan. 
 
 Benefits Your current benefits will remain unchanged and in effect, including your vacation accrual. This change in your position is not an IRS Qualified Life Event allowing you to change your American Water benefit elections. 
 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation You will remain eligible to participate in our Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. The Company may make Employer Matching and Defined Contribution Account contributions as soon as administratively practicable after the end of the applicable plan year. Under the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, Employer Matching contributions are immediately vested Defined Contribution Account contributions will vest after five years of service. 
 
 As you will continue to be a Section 16 officer of the Company, American Water may be required to disclose your compensation and or this offer letter in an SEC filing . Your signature below indicates your acceptance of our offer and your acknowledgment of this requirement of your position. 

Sincerely, 

Karl F. Kurz 
 Board Chair 
 American Water 
 
 cc Melanie Kennedy, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 I, M. Susan Hardwick, understand that my employment with American Water is at will, which means that I am not guaranteed employment or any particular job for any specified period of time. The Company or I may terminate my employment at any time, for any or no reason, with or without cause. 
 
 ___ s M. SUSAN HARDWICK ________________________ 8 1 24 ________________________________________ Signature Date 

CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY AND AGREEMENT 
 This Confidentiality Policy and Agreement Confidentiality Agreement set forth your understanding and agreement with the provisions below which discuss the Company s confidential and propriety information and trade secrets. You acknowledge and agree that you are signing this Confidentiality Agreement for good and adequate consideration including your employment by or continuing employment by American Water or one of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company the access that the Company is providing you to certain confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets described below and the Company s willingness to provide you with valuable opportunities, consideration and or benefits. You further acknowledge that this Confidentially Agreement is in addition to existing American Water policies addressing the handling of sensitive information, cyber and information security. 
 The Company s Confidentiality Policy 
 The protection of confidential business information and trade secrets is vital to the interests and the success of the Company. In the course of employment with the Company, employees may create, discover or receive proprietary and or confidential information including, without limitation all information about markets, key personnel, operational methods, proprietary intellectual property, real property, plans for future developments, projects in the pipeline, bid information, manuals, books, training materials, forms and procedures, policies, customer or prospective customer lists, customer-related data, marketing plans and strategies, financial information, technical information, technical processes and methods, algorithms, documents relating to any of the foregoing, and other written and oral materials (whether electronic or on hard copy) which are related to the business of the Company (collectively, Confidential Information ). Confidential Information includes all forms and types of financial, business, scientific, technical, economic, or engineering information, including patterns, plans, compilations, program devices, formulas, designs, prototypes, methods, techniques, processes, procedures, programs, or codes, whether tangible or intangible, and whether or how stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing if -- (A) the Company has taken reasonable measures to keep such information secret and (B) the information derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable through proper means by, another person who can obtain economic value from the disclosure or use of the information. Confidential Information may also be material, non-public information as defined by federal securities laws and Company policy, both of which prohibit insider trading. Confidential Information may be contained in Company documents, computer programs, databases, investor documents, trading strategies and analytic models. Confidential Information is related to a product or service used, or intended for use, in interstate or foreign commerce. 
 Confidential Information must be protected as confidential and not copied, disclosed or used, directly or indirectly, at any time, other than for the Company s benefit (to the extent permitted by law), unless and until such knowledge or information is in the public domain through no wrongful act by the employee(s). Employees must not, directly or indirectly, divulge or disclose to anyone (other than the Company or any of its affiliates or any person employed or designated by such entities who need to know), publish or make use of any Confidential Information without the Company s express prior written consent provided, however, that nothing shall prohibit or restrict an employee from participating, cooperating, or testifying in any action, investigation, or proceeding with, or providing information to, any governmental agency or legislative body, or any self-regulatory organization (collectively, the Regulators ). Employees may engage in such activities with the Regulators without notifying or obtaining prior authorization from the Company. 
 Nothing in this document is intended to interfere with or discourage a good faith disclosure to any governmental entity related to a suspected violation of the law. The employee cannot and will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for disclosing otherwise protected trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information as long as the disclosure is made in (i) confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, as long as such filing is made under seal. The Company will not retaliate against any employee in any way for a disclosure made in accordance with the law. In the event that the employee makes a disclosure, and the employee files a lawsuit against the Company alleging that the Company retaliated against the employee because of his or her disclosure, the employee may disclose the relevant trade secret or Confidential Information to his or her attorney and may use the trade secret or Confidential Information in the court proceeding only if (i) the employee ensures that any court filing that includes the trade secret or Confidential Information at issue is made under seal and (ii) the employee does not otherwise disclose the trade secret or Confidential Information except as required by court order. 

Following the cessation of employment, employees shall deliver to the Company all documents or other materials in their possession, including all copies thereof, which contain or are derived from Confidential Information, and they shall not misappropriate, utilize, disclose or infringe upon the Confidential Information of the Company or any of its affiliates (including the recreation or reconstruction of Confidential Information from memory). At the Company s request, employees must delete or destroy any and all files and or backup files on any personal computer, telephone or storage device used for Company purposes, and, at the Company s request, deliver and or provide access to the Company to any such devices, cloud systems, disk, thumb and or flash drives for the Company s review and permit the Company to delete all Confidential or other Company proprietary material contained on such devices. Employees shall not analyze, reverse engineer, or otherwise seek to determine the composition or structure of any sample or device provided by the Company or the method by which such sample or device was created, except as specifically authorized by the Company in writing. All samples and devices, whether in whole or in pieces, shall be returned to the Company at its request. 
 A breach of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm and significant injury to the Company, the quantification of which is difficult to ascertain. Because such harm and injury could not be compensable by damages alone, the employee agrees that the Company shall have the right to enforce this Agreement by injunction (without the necessity of a bond or other security and without proving actual damages), specific performance, or other equitable relief without prejudice to any other rights and remedies available to the Company in the event of a breach of this Agreement. The employee acknowledges that (i) an immediate and irreparable injury would occur without a seizure order (ii) seizure of the Confidential Information would not interrupt the legitimate business operations of the employee and (iii) an injunction would not prevent the employee from entering into an employment relationship. You further agree that the Company shall be entitled to its reasonable fees and costs if a court of competent jurisdiction issues a preliminary or permanent injunction against you or a court of competent jurisdiction finds that you breached the terms of the Agreement. 
 The Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 DTSA governs the trade secret aspects of this Agreement. Otherwise, the validity, interpretation, and enforceability of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey and the United States of America without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Employees with questions regarding this Confidentiality Agreement or the Company s Confidentiality Policy including questions regarding whether any particular information constitutes Confidential Information, the public disclosure of which is prohibited hereunder, should contact their supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer. Employees who improperly use or disclose trade secrets or Confidential Information may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, as well as legal action, even if the employee does not actually benefit from the disclosed information. 
 You acknowledge that you (a) have carefully read and considered the provisions of this Confidentiality Agreement and the Company s Confidentiality Policy (b) have had a reasonable opportunity to consult with an independent legal counsel of your choosing, and (c) accept this Confidentiality Agreement on the terms set forth herein, intending to be legally bound. You understand that it is your responsibility to read and comply with its contents and any revisions made to it. 
 
 ___ s M. SUSAN HARDWICK ___________________ Employee Signature 
 ___ M. Susan Hardwick____________ __________ Employee Name (Print) 
 ___ 8 1 24 ________________________________ Date 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement sets forth the agreements between you and AWIP Holdings LLC AWIP concerning any inventions you may make or works you may create in connection with your employment by American Water Works Company, Inc. or one of its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively, the Company and your treatment of the Company s confidential and proprietary information. You acknowledge and agree that you are signing this Agreement for good and adequate consideration including (a) your employment by or continuing employment by the Company (b) the access that the Company is providing you to certain confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets described below and (c) the Company s willingness to provide you with valuable opportunities, consideration and or benefits. 
 
 1.0 INVENTIONS . As used in this Agreement, the term Inventions means any and all inventions, ideas, and discoveries, including improvements, original works of authorship, designs, formulas, processes, methods, algorithms, computer programs or portions thereof, databases, trade secrets and proprietary information, documentation, and materials made, created, conceived or reduced to practice by you, whether alone or jointly with others. 
 
 a. Your Rights in Inventions 
 
 (i) Prior Inventions. In the space provided below, or on a separate sheet attached to this Agreement, you may list all Inventions (a) that you made prior to your employment by the Company (b) that you claim belong to you, or that you claim an ownership interest in, or that you claim any other legal right or title in and (c) in which you wish to retain any claimed ownership or other legal rights Prior Inventions ). If you do list such Prior Inventions, you hereby grant to AWIP a royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to any Prior Invention that is now or hereafter infringed by a Company product, process, or method of doing business (hereinafter AWIP Product if (i) you were involved in the development or implementation of that portion of the AWIP Product which infringes your Prior Invention, or (ii) you acquiesced or permitted other Company employees to utilize your Prior Invention in the course of their development or implementation of the AWIP Product, or (iii) upon first learning of the Company s use of your Prior Invention you do not immediately notify in writing the Company s Legal Department of the Company s infringing use of your Prior Invention and the need for a license thereto. If you do not list a Prior Invention, you acknowledge and agree that no such Prior Inventions exist and, to the extent such Prior Inventions do exist, you waive any and all rights or claims of ownership to such Prior Inventions. You understand that your listing of any Prior Invention(s) here does not constitute an acknowledgment by the Company of the existence or extent of such Prior Invention, nor of your ownership of such Prior Inventions. Please do not use this space to disclose an on-going business or project, or a product that you are developing and or distributing. 
 
 Prior Inventions (description and identifying number of patent, copyright, or patent or copyright application, if applicable) 
 
 Title Date 
 
 Brief Description of Invention 
 
 A separate sheet listing Prior Inventions is attached. 

(ii) Future Employee inventions. The Company acknowledges and agrees, in accordance with applicable state law, that any Inventions (a) that you develop entirely on your own time and (b) that you develop without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information and (c) that do not result from any work performed by you for the Company and (d) that do not relate, at the time of conception or reduction to practice, to the Company s business or products, or to the Company s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, will be owned entirely by you, even if developed by you during the time period in which you are employed by the Company. 
 
 b. AWIP s Rights In Inventions 
 
 (i) Assignment of Inventions to AWIP. You agree that all Inventions that (a) are developed using the equipment, supplies, facilities, or Proprietary Information of the Company or (b) result from or are suggested by work performed by you for the Company or (c) are conceived or reduced to practice during your employment by the Company and relate to the business and products, or to the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company AWIP Inventions ), are the sole and exclusive property of AWIP, and you hereby assign all your right, title and interest in such AWIP Inventions to AWIP. You agree to perform any and all acts requested by AWIP, if any, to perfect this assignment. 
 
 (ii) Disclosure. You agree to make full written disclosure promptly to your direct supervisor at AWIP of any and all AWIP Inventions, and provide access to all notes, materials, source code, or other items related to AWIP Inventions. 
 
 (iii) Assignment of Moral Rights to AWIP. In addition, to the extent permitted by law, you hereby transfer and assign any moral rights that you may have in any AWIP Invention(s) under any copyright or other law, whether U.S. or foreign. Moral rights are defined as (1) the right of attribution (give credit to the author) and (2) the right of integrity in the AWIP Invention (not do something with an AWIP Invention, such as change or add to it, that would have a negative impact on the author s reputation). You agree to waive and never to assert any such moral rights in AWIP Inventions during or after the cessation of your employment with by the Company. You agree that AWIP, its subsidiaries, and its licensees are not required to designate you as the author of any AWIP Inventions when distributed. You also agree that the Company retains sole discretion with regard to how and for what purposes, if any, such AWIP Invention(s) are used. 
 
 c. Work for Hire 
 
 You acknowledge that all original works of authorship that are made by you (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of your employment by the Company, and that are protectable by copyright, are works made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. 101). To the extent any works created by you within the scope of your employment cannot be characterized as a work made for hire, you hereby grant, assign and transfer to AWIP all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property in and to works. 
 
 d. Protection of AWIP Inventions 
 
 You agree (at AWIP s expense) to assist AWIP in every proper way to obtain and to help AWIP enforce patents, copyrights, and other legal protections for AWIP Inventions in any and all countries. You agree to promptly execute any documents that American Water may reasonably request, or perform such legal acts that may be required, for use in obtaining or enforcing such patents, copyrights, and other legal protections. 
 
 2.0 CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION . You understand that your employment by the Company creates a relationship of confidence and trust with respect to any information of a confidential, proprietary, and secret nature that may be disclosed to you or otherwise learned by you in the course of your employment at the Company, including but not limited to any confidential information of third parties disclosed to the Company. Such confidential, proprietary, and secret information includes, but is not limited to, information and material relating to past, present, or future Inventions, marketing plans, manufacturing and product plans, technical specifications, hardware designs and prototypes, business strategies, financial information, forecasts, personnel information, processes, methods, algorithms, and customer lists, and is referred to collectively in this Agreement as Proprietary Information. 

a. Confidentiality of Proprietary Information. You acknowledge and agree that your employment by the Company requires you to keep all Proprietary Information in confidence and trust for the tenure of your employment and thereafter, and that you will not use or disclose Proprietary Information without the written consent of the Company, except as necessary to perform your duties as an employee of the Company. Upon the cessation of your employment with the Company, you will promptly deliver to the Company all documents, electronically-stored information, materials and property of any kind pertaining to your work at the Company, and you agree that you will not take with you any documents, electronically-stored information, materials or copies thereof, or maintain access to such documents, information or materials, through online digital storage services, whether on paper, electronic media or storage devices, magnetic or optical media, or any other medium, containing any Proprietary Information. 
 
 3.0 PROTECTION OF INFORMATION OF OTHERS 
 
 a. Information of Others. You agree that during your employment by the Company and thereafter, you will not improperly use or disclose to the Company any confidential, or proprietary, or secret information of your former employer(s) or any other person(s). You further agree that you have not, and during your employment with the Company will not, bring any confidential, proprietary or secret information of your former employer(s) or any other person(s) onto the Company s property or place any such information on any of the Company s computer systems or servers. 
 
 4.0 NO CONFLICTING OBLIGATIONS 
 
 a. No Conflicting Outside Interests. You agree that during your employment by the Company you will not plan or engage in any other employment, occupations, consulting or other business activities or commitments competitive with or directly related to the Company s business or products, or to its actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your employment obligations to the Company. Activities and commitments as used herein do not include passive investments in stocks or other financial instruments. 
 
 b. No Conflicting Agreements. You represent to the Company that you have no other commitments that would hinder or prevent the full performance of your duties as a Company employee or your obligations under this Agreement, and you agree not to enter into any such conflicting agreement during your employment by the company. 
 
 c. Disclosure of Agreement. You hereby authorize the Company to notify others, including customers of the Company, and any future employers you may have, of the terms of this Agreement and your responsibilities under this Agreement. 
 
 5.0 PROTECTION OF COMPANY RELATIONSHIPS 
 
 If you are in a supervisory position, except for employees in a supervisory position in California, Illinois, and Oklahoma, during the period of your employment and for a period of one (1) year following the cessation of your employment, you will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, encourage, recruit, or take any action intended to induce Company employees or contractors to terminate their relationship with the Company. 
 
 6.0 NO IMPLIED EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS . You understand and agree that no term or provision of this Agreement confers upon you any rights to continued employment by the Company and that no term or provision of this Agreement obligates the Company to employ you for any specific period of time or interferes with or restricts your right or the Company s right to terminate your employment at any time for any reason and with or without notice, or the Company s right to terminate your employment for just cause in accordance with the applicable collective bargaining agreement if you are a union employee. 
 
 7.0 EQUITABLE RELIEF . A breach of the provisions of sections 1, 2 or 4 of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm and significant injury to the Company, the quantification of which is difficult to ascertain. Because such harm and injury could not be compensable by damages alone, you agree that the Company will have the right to enforce sections 1, 2 or 4 of this Agreement by injunction (without the necessity of a bond or other security and without proving actual damages), specific performance or other equitable relief in addition to any other rights and remedies available to the Company in the event of a breach of this Agreement. You further agree that the Company shall be entitled to its reasonable fees and costs if a court of competent jurisdiction issues a preliminary or permanent injunction against you or a court of competent jurisdiction finds that you breached the terms of the Agreement. 

8.0 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 a. Severability. If one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is or are deemed void or unenforceable by law, then the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 b. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of New Jersey, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Any arbitration or judicial action between the parties relating to this Agreement will take place in Camden County, New Jersey, and you and the Company each consent to the personal jurisdiction of and venue in the state and federal courts within Camden County, New Jersey. 
 
 c. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon your heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives, and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor entity to the Company by operation of law or otherwise. 
 
 d. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, along with Company s CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY AND AGREEMENT of which you are also required to acknowledge receipt and understanding, sets forth the entire agreement between you and the Company relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. No modification to or amendment of this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing signed by both you and a Company officer. Any subsequent changes in your duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 
 
 e. Compliance with Laws. You agree that you will comply, and do all things necessary for the Company to comply, with the laws and regulations of all governments where the Company does business, and with provisions of contracts between any such government or its contractors and the Company. 

9.0 EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT . You acknowledge that you have carefully read and considered the provisions of this Agreement, have had a reasonable opportunity to consult with an independent legal counsel of your choosing, and accept this Agreement on the terms set forth herein, intending to be legally bound. 
 
 EMPLOYEE 
 
 ___ s M. SUSAN HARDWICK_ _________________ 
 Employee Signature 
 ___ M. Susan Hardwick _____________________ 
 Employee Name (Print) 

__ 8 1 24 ____________________________________ 
 Date 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 4
 a2024q3ex-104_griffithxpre.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 August 1, 2024 
 
 Mr. John Griffith 
 REDACTED 
 REDACTED 
 
 Dear John 
 
 On behalf of American Water Works Service Company, Inc., I am pleased to confirm your new position of President reporting to M. Susan Hardwick, Chief Executive Officer, at our Camden, New Jersey headquarters office. The effective date of your new position is August 1, 2024. We are confident that you will find your new position to be personally rewarding and one in which you can make significant contributions to the company. The terms of and compensation described in this offer letter are subject to the recommendation of the Executive Development & Compensation Committee (ED&CC) and the approval of the independent members of the Board of Directors and will not be effective until such approvals are received. 
 
 Safety, trust, teamwork, high performance, and environmental leadership define our culture a culture where every employee feels valued and lives up to his or her potential. Creating an environment where differences are embraced and where every person feels engaged and included makes us safer, stronger, and more successful. We believe that our success is based upon our employees having a vested interest in our business. As a part of our team, you will be tasked with helping make a great company even better in doing so, you will be rewarded for your contributions. The following is our offer to you 
 
 Base Salary Your new annual salary will be approximately 950,000.00, which will be paid on a bi-weekly basis in accordance with American Water s standard payroll practices and will be effective August 1, 2024. Your job performance will be reviewed annually as part of our performance management process, and you may be eligible for a merit increase in 2025. 
 
 APP Y our target award eligibility will remain at 100 . For reference purposes, the 2024 cycle covers the period beginning on 01 01 2024 through 12 31 2024 and target awards are prorated based on your effective date. Awards from the Annual Performance Plan are based on several company performance objectives, and payments may be higher or lower than target. 
 
 LTPP You remain eligible to receive a performance award under the 2024 American Water Long Term Performance Plan and your target opportunity under this plan will increase to 340 of your base salary. Effective August 1, 2024, you will receive a second set of grants that reflects the difference between your February 2024 grants and the grant amount based on your new base salary and LTPP target percentage. 
 
 For reference purposes, awards are currently granted under the terms and conditions of the Company s 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan ), in the form of restricted stock units and performance stock units. In the event of any conflict between your offer letter and the terms of the award grant documents and the Plan, the terms of the award documents and the Plan will govern. 
 
 Benefits Your current benefits will remain unchanged and in effect, including your vacation accrual. This change in your position is not an IRS Qualified Life Event allowing you to change your American Water benefit elections, however, it is a notable event in your life. Please take this opportunity to review your health and welfare benefits and 401(k) elections to see how this transition impacts your coverage (e.g., company paid life insurance amount, HSA election, 401(k) paycheck election, beneficiary designations, etc.). 
 
 I n addition to the benefits you currently hold, American Water believes your health is of critical importance for your family, our customers, shareholders, and the employees you lead. To help you take the best possible care of your health, we also have a company-sponsored Executive Health Program for our key leaders. The program focuses on your physical well-being and long-term health and consists of a thorough risk-factor analysis, advanced diagnostic screenings, extensive laboratory testing, and ongoing coaching and support. Additional services are available throughout the year, including voluntary primary care services. 

Mr. John Griffith 
 August 1, 2024 
 Page 2 

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation You will remain eligible to participate in our Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. The Company may make Employer Matching and Defined Contribution Account contributions as soon as administratively practicable after the end of the applicable plan year. Under the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, Employer Matching contributions are immediately vested Defined Contribution Account contributions will vest after five years of service. 
 
 As you will continue to be a Section 16 officer of the Company, American Water may be required to disclose your compensation and or this offer letter in an SEC filing . Your signature below indicates your acceptance of our offer and your acknowledgment of this requirement of your position. 

We wish you the best of luck in your new role and future opportunities with American Water! 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 M. Susan Hardwick 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 American Water 
 
 cc Melanie Kennedy, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 I, John Griffith, understand that my employment with American Water is at will, which means that I am not guaranteed employment or any particular job for any specified period of time. The Company or I may terminate my employment at any time, for any or no reason, with or without cause. 
 
 ___ s JOHN GRIFFITH__________________________7 31 24__ ________________________________ Signature Date 

CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY AND AGREEMENT 
 This Confidentiality Policy and Agreement Confidentiality Agreement set forth your understanding and agreement with the provisions below which discuss the Company s confidential and propriety information and trade secrets. You acknowledge and agree that you are signing this Confidentiality Agreement for good and adequate consideration including your employment by or continuing employment by American Water or one of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company the access that the Company is providing you to certain confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets described below and the Company s willingness to provide you with valuable opportunities, consideration and or benefits. You further acknowledge that this Confidentially Agreement is in addition to existing American Water policies addressing the handling of sensitive information, cyber and information security. 
 The Company s Confidentiality Policy 
 The protection of confidential business information and trade secrets is vital to the interests and the success of the Company. In the course of employment with the Company, employees may create, discover or receive proprietary and or confidential information including, without limitation all information about markets, key personnel, operational methods, proprietary intellectual property, real property, plans for future developments, projects in the pipeline, bid information, manuals, books, training materials, forms and procedures, policies, customer or prospective customer lists, customer-related data, marketing plans and strategies, financial information, technical information, technical processes and methods, algorithms, documents relating to any of the foregoing, and other written and oral materials (whether electronic or on hard copy) which are related to the business of the Company (collectively, Confidential Information ). Confidential Information includes all forms and types of financial, business, scientific, technical, economic, or engineering information, including patterns, plans, compilations, program devices, formulas, designs, prototypes, methods, techniques, processes, procedures, programs, or codes, whether tangible or intangible, and whether or how stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing if -- (A) the Company has taken reasonable measures to keep such information secret and (B) the information derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable through proper means by, another person who can obtain economic value from the disclosure or use of the information. Confidential Information may also be material, non-public information as defined by federal securities laws and Company policy, both of which prohibit insider trading. Confidential Information may be contained in Company documents, computer programs, databases, investor documents, trading strategies and analytic models. Confidential Information is related to a product or service used, or intended for use, in interstate or foreign commerce. 
 Confidential Information must be protected as confidential and not copied, disclosed or used, directly or indirectly, at any time, other than for the Company s benefit (to the extent permitted by law), unless and until such knowledge or information is in the public domain through no wrongful act by the employee(s). Employees must not, directly or indirectly, divulge or disclose to anyone (other than the Company or any of its affiliates or any person employed or designated by such entities who need to know), publish or make use of any Confidential Information without the Company s express prior written consent provided, however, that nothing shall prohibit or restrict an employee from participating, cooperating, or testifying in any action, investigation, or proceeding with, or providing information to, any governmental agency or legislative body, or any self-regulatory organization (collectively, the Regulators ). Employees may engage in such activities with the Regulators without notifying or obtaining prior authorization from the Company. 
 Nothing in this document is intended to interfere with or discourage a good faith disclosure to any governmental entity related to a suspected violation of the law. The employee cannot and will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for disclosing otherwise protected trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information as long as the disclosure is made in (i) confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, as long as such filing is made under seal. The Company will not retaliate against any employee in any way for a disclosure made in accordance with the law. In the event that the employee makes a disclosure, and the employee files a lawsuit against the Company alleging that the Company retaliated against the employee because of his or her disclosure, the employee may disclose the relevant trade secret or Confidential Information to his or her attorney and may use the trade secret or Confidential Information in the court proceeding only if (i) the employee ensures that any court filing that includes the trade secret or 

Confidential Information at issue is made under seal and (ii) the employee does not otherwise disclose the trade secret or Confidential Information except as required by court order. 
 
 Following the cessation of employment, employees shall deliver to the Company all documents or other materials in their possession, including all copies thereof, which contain or are derived from Confidential Information, and they shall not misappropriate, utilize, disclose or infringe upon the Confidential Information of the Company or any of its affiliates (including the recreation or reconstruction of Confidential Information from memory). At the Company s request, employees must delete or destroy any and all files and or backup files on any personal computer, telephone or storage device used for Company purposes, and, at the Company s request, deliver and or provide access to the Company to any such devices, cloud systems, disk, thumb and or flash drives for the Company s review and permit the Company to delete all Confidential or other Company proprietary material contained on such devices. Employees shall not analyze, reverse engineer, or otherwise seek to determine the composition or structure of any sample or device provided by the Company or the method by which such sample or device was created, except as specifically authorized by the Company in writing. All samples and devices, whether in whole or in pieces, shall be returned to the Company at its request. 
 A breach of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm and significant injury to the Company, the quantification of which is difficult to ascertain. Because such harm and injury could not be compensable by damages alone, the employee agrees that the Company shall have the right to enforce this Agreement by injunction (without the necessity of a bond or other security and without proving actual damages), specific performance, or other equitable relief without prejudice to any other rights and remedies available to the Company in the event of a breach of this Agreement. The employee acknowledges that (i) an immediate and irreparable injury would occur without a seizure order (ii) seizure of the Confidential Information would not interrupt the legitimate business operations of the employee and (iii) an injunction would not prevent the employee from entering into an employment relationship. You further agree that the Company shall be entitled to its reasonable fees and costs if a court of competent jurisdiction issues a preliminary or permanent injunction against you or a court of competent jurisdiction finds that you breached the terms of the Agreement. 
 The Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 DTSA governs the trade secret aspects of this Agreement. Otherwise, the validity, interpretation, and enforceability of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey and the United States of America without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Employees with questions regarding this Confidentiality Agreement or the Company s Confidentiality Policy including questions regarding whether any particular information constitutes Confidential Information, the public disclosure of which is prohibited hereunder, should contact their supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer. Employees who improperly use or disclose trade secrets or Confidential Information may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, as well as legal action, even if the employee does not actually benefit from the disclosed information. 
 You acknowledge that you (a) have carefully read and considered the provisions of this Confidentiality Agreement and the Company s Confidentiality Policy (b) have had a reasonable opportunity to consult with an independent legal counsel of your choosing, and (c) accept this Confidentiality Agreement on the terms set forth herein, intending to be legally bound. You understand that it is your responsibility to read and comply with its contents and any revisions made to it. 
 
 __ s JOHN GRIFFITH _________________________ Employee Signature 
 __ John Griffith ___________________________ Employee Name (Print) 
 __ 7 31 24 _______________________________ Date 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement sets forth the agreements between you and AWIP Holdings LLC AWIP concerning any inventions you may make or works you may create in connection with your employment by American Water Works Company, Inc. or one of its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively, the Company and your treatment of the Company s confidential and proprietary information. You acknowledge and agree that you are signing this Agreement for good and adequate consideration including (a) your employment by or continuing employment by the Company (b) the access that the Company is providing you to certain confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets described below and (c) the Company s willingness to provide you with valuable opportunities, consideration and or benefits. 
 
 1.0 INVENTIONS . As used in this Agreement, the term Inventions means any and all inventions, ideas, and discoveries, including improvements, original works of authorship, designs, formulas, processes, methods, algorithms, computer programs or portions thereof, databases, trade secrets and proprietary information, documentation, and materials made, created, conceived or reduced to practice by you, whether alone or jointly with others. 
 
 a. Your Rights in Inventions 
 
 (i) Prior Inventions. In the space provided below, or on a separate sheet attached to this Agreement, you may list all Inventions (a) that you made prior to your employment by the Company (b) that you claim belong to you, or that you claim an ownership interest in, or that you claim any other legal right or title in and (c) in which you wish to retain any claimed ownership or other legal rights Prior Inventions ). If you do list such Prior Inventions, you hereby grant to AWIP a royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to any Prior Invention that is now or hereafter infringed by a Company product, process, or method of doing business (hereinafter AWIP Product if (i) you were involved in the development or implementation of that portion of the AWIP Product which infringes your Prior Invention, or (ii) you acquiesced or permitted other Company employees to utilize your Prior Invention in the course of their development or implementation of the AWIP Product, or (iii) upon first learning of the Company s use of your Prior Invention you do not immediately notify in writing the Company s Legal Department of the Company s infringing use of your Prior Invention and the need for a license thereto. If you do not list a Prior Invention, you acknowledge and agree that no such Prior Inventions exist and, to the extent such Prior Inventions do exist, you waive any and all rights or claims of ownership to such Prior Inventions. You understand that your listing of any Prior Invention(s) here does not constitute an acknowledgment by the Company of the existence or extent of such Prior Invention, nor of your ownership of such Prior Inventions. Please do not use this space to disclose an on-going business or project, or a product that you are developing and or distributing. 
 
 Prior Inventions (description and identifying number of patent, copyright, or patent or copyright application, if applicable) 
 
 Title Date 
 
 Brief Description of Invention 
 
 A separate sheet listing Prior Inventions is attached. 

(ii) Future Employee inventions. The Company acknowledges and agrees, in accordance with applicable state law, that any Inventions (a) that you develop entirely on your own time and (b) that you develop without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information and (c) that do not result from any work performed by you for the Company and (d) that do not relate, at the time of conception or reduction to practice, to the Company s business or products, or to the Company s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, will be owned entirely by you, even if developed by you during the time period in which you are employed by the Company. 
 
 b. AWIP s Rights In Inventions 
 
 (i) Assignment of Inventions to AWIP. You agree that all Inventions that (a) are developed using the equipment, supplies, facilities, or Proprietary Information of the Company or (b) result from or are suggested by work performed by you for the Company or (c) are conceived or reduced to practice during your employment by the Company and relate to the business and products, or to the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company AWIP Inventions ), are the sole and exclusive property of AWIP, and you hereby assign all your right, title and interest in such AWIP Inventions to AWIP. You agree to perform any and all acts requested by AWIP, if any, to perfect this assignment. 
 
 (ii) Disclosure. You agree to make full written disclosure promptly to your direct supervisor at AWIP of any and all AWIP Inventions, and provide access to all notes, materials, source code, or other items related to AWIP Inventions. 
 
 (iii) Assignment of Moral Rights to AWIP. In addition, to the extent permitted by law, you hereby transfer and assign any moral rights that you may have in any AWIP Invention(s) under any copyright or other law, whether U.S. or foreign. Moral rights are defined as (1) the right of attribution (give credit to the author) and (2) the right of integrity in the AWIP Invention (not do something with an AWIP Invention, such as change or add to it, that would have a negative impact on the author s reputation). You agree to waive and never to assert any such moral rights in AWIP Inventions during or after the cessation of your employment with by the Company. You agree that AWIP, its subsidiaries, and its licensees are not required to designate you as the author of any AWIP Inventions when distributed. You also agree that the Company retains sole discretion with regard to how and for what purposes, if any, such AWIP Invention(s) are used. 
 
 c. Work for Hire 
 
 You acknowledge that all original works of authorship that are made by you (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of your employment by the Company, and that are protectable by copyright, are works made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. 101). To the extent any works created by you within the scope of your employment cannot be characterized as a work made for hire, you hereby grant, assign and transfer to AWIP all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property in and to works. 
 
 d. Protection of AWIP Inventions 
 
 You agree (at AWIP s expense) to assist AWIP in every proper way to obtain and to help AWIP enforce patents, copyrights, and other legal protections for AWIP Inventions in any and all countries. You agree to promptly execute any documents that American Water may reasonably request, or perform such legal acts that may be required, for use in obtaining or enforcing such patents, copyrights, and other legal protections. 
 
 2.0 CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION . You understand that your employment by the Company creates a relationship of confidence and trust with respect to any information of a confidential, proprietary, and secret nature that may be disclosed to you or otherwise learned by you in the course of your employment at the Company, including but not limited to any confidential information of third parties disclosed to the Company. Such confidential, proprietary, and secret information includes, but is not limited to, information and material relating to past, present, or future Inventions, marketing plans, manufacturing and product plans, technical specifications, hardware designs and prototypes, business strategies, financial information, forecasts, personnel information, processes, methods, algorithms, and customer lists, and is referred to collectively in this Agreement as Proprietary Information. 

a. Confidentiality of Proprietary Information. You acknowledge and agree that your employment by the Company requires you to keep all Proprietary Information in confidence and trust for the tenure of your employment and thereafter, and that you will not use or disclose Proprietary Information without the written consent of the Company, except as necessary to perform your duties as an employee of the Company. Upon the cessation of your employment with the Company, you will promptly deliver to the Company all documents, electronically-stored information, materials and property of any kind pertaining to your work at the Company, and you agree that you will not take with you any documents, electronically-stored information, materials or copies thereof, or maintain access to such documents, information or materials, through online digital storage services, whether on paper, electronic media or storage devices, magnetic or optical media, or any other medium, containing any Proprietary Information. 
 
 3.0 PROTECTION OF INFORMATION OF OTHERS 
 
 a. Information of Others. You agree that during your employment by the Company and thereafter, you will not improperly use or disclose to the Company any confidential, or proprietary, or secret information of your former employer(s) or any other person(s). You further agree that you have not, and during your employment with the Company will not, bring any confidential, proprietary or secret information of your former employer(s) or any other person(s) onto the Company s property or place any such information on any of the Company s computer systems or servers. 
 
 4.0 NO CONFLICTING OBLIGATIONS 
 
 a. No Conflicting Outside Interests. You agree that during your employment by the Company you will not plan or engage in any other employment, occupations, consulting or other business activities or commitments competitive with or directly related to the Company s business or products, or to its actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your employment obligations to the Company. Activities and commitments as used herein do not include passive investments in stocks or other financial instruments. 
 
 b. No Conflicting Agreements. You represent to the Company that you have no other commitments that would hinder or prevent the full performance of your duties as a Company employee or your obligations under this Agreement, and you agree not to enter into any such conflicting agreement during your employment by the company. 
 
 c. Disclosure of Agreement. You hereby authorize the Company to notify others, including customers of the Company, and any future employers you may have, of the terms of this Agreement and your responsibilities under this Agreement. 
 
 5.0 PROTECTION OF COMPANY RELATIONSHIPS 
 
 If you are in a supervisory position, except for employees in a supervisory position in California, Illinois, and Oklahoma, during the period of your employment and for a period of one (1) year following the cessation of your employment, you will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, encourage, recruit, or take any action intended to induce Company employees or contractors to terminate their relationship with the Company. 
 
 6.0 NO IMPLIED EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS . You understand and agree that no term or provision of this Agreement confers upon you any rights to continued employment by the Company and that no term or provision of this Agreement obligates the Company to employ you for any specific period of time or interferes with or restricts your right or the Company s right to terminate your employment at any time for any reason and with or without notice, or the Company s right to terminate your employment for just cause in accordance with the applicable collective bargaining agreement if you are a union employee. 
 
 7.0 EQUITABLE RELIEF . A breach of the provisions of sections 1, 2 or 4 of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm and significant injury to the Company, the quantification of which is difficult to ascertain. Because such harm and injury could not be compensable by damages alone, you agree that the Company will have the right to enforce sections 1, 2 or 4 of this Agreement by injunction (without the necessity of a bond or other security and without proving actual damages), specific performance or other equitable relief in addition to any other rights and remedies available to the Company in the event of a breach of this Agreement. You further agree that the Company shall be entitled to its reasonable fees and costs if a court of competent jurisdiction issues a preliminary or permanent injunction against you or a court of competent jurisdiction finds that you breached the terms of the Agreement. 

8.0 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 a. Severability. If one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is or are deemed void or unenforceable by law, then the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 b. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of New Jersey, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Any arbitration or judicial action between the parties relating to this Agreement will take place in Camden County, New Jersey, and you and the Company each consent to the personal jurisdiction of and venue in the state and federal courts within Camden County, New Jersey. 
 
 c. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon your heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives, and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor entity to the Company by operation of law or otherwise. 
 
 d. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, along with Company s CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY AND AGREEMENT of which you are also required to acknowledge receipt and understanding, sets forth the entire agreement between you and the Company relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. No modification to or amendment of this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing signed by both you and a Company officer. Any subsequent changes in your duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 
 
 e. Compliance with Laws. You agree that you will comply, and do all things necessary for the Company to comply, with the laws and regulations of all governments where the Company does business, and with provisions of contracts between any such government or its contractors and the Company. 

9.0 EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT . You acknowledge that you have carefully read and considered the provisions of this Agreement, have had a reasonable opportunity to consult with an independent legal counsel of your choosing, and accept this Agreement on the terms set forth herein, intending to be legally bound. 
 
 EMPLOYEE 
 
 __ s JOHN GRIFFITH _________________________________ Employee Signature 
 
 __ John Griffith _____________________________________ 
 Employee Name (Print) 

_ 7 31 24_ ______________________________________ 
 Date 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 5
 a2024q3ex-105_bowlerxevpan.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 

Exhibit 10.5 
 August 1, 2024 
 
 Mr. David Bowler 
 REDACTED 
 REDACTED 
 
 Dear David 
 
 On behalf of American Water Works Service Company, Inc., I am pleased to confirm your new position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer reporting to John Griffith, President, at our Camden, New Jersey headquarters office. The effective date of your new position is August 1, 2024. We are confident that you will find your new position to be personally rewarding and one in which you can make significant contributions to the company. The compensation described in this offer letter is subject to the approval of the Executive Development & Compensation Committee (ED&CC) and will not be effective until the ED&CC approves such compensation, and the independent members of the Board of Directors approve this offer letter after recommendation by the ED&CC. 
 
 Safety, trust, teamwork, high performance, and environmental leadership define our culture a culture where every employee feels valued and lives up to his or her potential. Creating an environment where differences are embraced and where every person feels engaged and included makes us safer, stronger, and more successful. We believe that our success is based upon our employees having a vested interest in our business. As a part of our team, you will be tasked with helping make a great company even better in doing so, you will be rewarded for your contributions. The following is our offer to you 
 
 Base Salary Your new annual salary will be approximately 550,000.00, which will be paid on a bi-weekly basis in accordance with American Water s standard payroll practices and will be effective August 1, 2024. Your job performance will be reviewed annually as part of our performance management process, and you may be eligible for a merit increase in 2025. 
 
 APP Y our target award eligibility previously at 50 will change to 80 of your annual base salary. For reference purposes, the 2024 cycle covers the period beginning on 01 01 2024 through 12 31 2024 and target awards are prorated based on your effective date. Awards from the Annual Performance Plan are based on several company performance objectives, and payments may be higher or lower than target. 
 
 LTPP You remain eligible to receive a performance award under the 2024 American Water Long Term Performance Plan and your target opportunity under this plan will increase to 160 of your base salary. Effective August 1, 2024, you will receive a second set of grants that reflects the difference between your February 2024 grants and the grant amount based on your new base salary and LTPP target percentage. 
 
 For reference purposes, awards are currently granted under the terms and conditions of the Company s 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan ), in the form of restricted stock units and performance stock units. In the event of any conflict between your offer letter and the terms of the award grant documents and the Plan, the terms of the award documents and the Plan will govern. 
 
 Benefits Your current benefits will remain unchanged and in effect, including your vacation accrual. This change in your position is not an IRS Qualified Life Event allowing you to change your American Water benefit elections, however, it is a notable event in your life. Please take this opportunity to review your health and welfare benefits and 401(k) elections to see how this transition impacts your coverage (e.g., company paid life insurance amount, HSA election, 401(k) paycheck election, beneficiary designations, etc.). 
 
 I n addition to the benefits you currently hold, American Water believes your health is of critical importance for your family, our customers, shareholders, and the employees you lead. To help you take the best possible care of your health, we also have a company-sponsored Executive Health Program for our key leaders. The program focuses on your physical well-being and long-term health and consists of a thorough risk-factor analysis, advanced diagnostic screenings, extensive laboratory testing, and ongoing coaching and support. Additional services are available throughout the year, including voluntary primary care services. 

Mr. David Bowler 
 August 1, 2024 
 Page 2 

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation You will remain eligible to participate in our Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. The Company may make Employer Matching and Defined Contribution Account contributions as soon as administratively practicable after the end of the applicable plan year. Under the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, Employer Matching contributions are immediately vested Defined Contribution Account contributions will vest after five years of service. 
 
 As you will be a Section 16 officer of the Company, American Water may be required to disclose your compensation and or this offer letter in an SEC filing . Your signature below indicates your acceptance of our offer and your acknowledgment of this requirement of your position. 

We wish you the best of luck in your new role and future opportunities with American Water! 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 M. Susan Hardwick 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 American Water 
 
 cc Melanie Kennedy, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 I, David Bowler, understand that my employment with American Water is at will, which means that I am not guaranteed employment or any particular job for any specified period of time. The Company or I may terminate my employment at any time, for any or no reason, with or without cause. 
 
 __ s DAVID M. BOWLER_ __________________________ 7 31 2024_ ______________________________ Signature Date 

CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY AND AGREEMENT 
 This Confidentiality Policy and Agreement Confidentiality Agreement set forth your understanding and agreement with the provisions below which discuss the Company s confidential and propriety information and trade secrets. You acknowledge and agree that you are signing this Confidentiality Agreement for good and adequate consideration including your employment by or continuing employment by American Water or one of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company the access that the Company is providing you to certain confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets described below and the Company s willingness to provide you with valuable opportunities, consideration and or benefits. You further acknowledge that this Confidentially Agreement is in addition to existing American Water policies addressing the handling of sensitive information, cyber and information security. 
 The Company s Confidentiality Policy 
 The protection of confidential business information and trade secrets is vital to the interests and the success of the Company. In the course of employment with the Company, employees may create, discover or receive proprietary and or confidential information including, without limitation all information about markets, key personnel, operational methods, proprietary intellectual property, real property, plans for future developments, projects in the pipeline, bid information, manuals, books, training materials, forms and procedures, policies, customer or prospective customer lists, customer-related data, marketing plans and strategies, financial information, technical information, technical processes and methods, algorithms, documents relating to any of the foregoing, and other written and oral materials (whether electronic or on hard copy) which are related to the business of the Company (collectively, Confidential Information ). Confidential Information includes all forms and types of financial, business, scientific, technical, economic, or engineering information, including patterns, plans, compilations, program devices, formulas, designs, prototypes, methods, techniques, processes, procedures, programs, or codes, whether tangible or intangible, and whether or how stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing if -- (A) the Company has taken reasonable measures to keep such information secret and (B) the information derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable through proper means by, another person who can obtain economic value from the disclosure or use of the information. Confidential Information may also be material, non-public information as defined by federal securities laws and Company policy, both of which prohibit insider trading. Confidential Information may be contained in Company documents, computer programs, databases, investor documents, trading strategies and analytic models. Confidential Information is related to a product or service used, or intended for use, in interstate or foreign commerce. 
 Confidential Information must be protected as confidential and not copied, disclosed or used, directly or indirectly, at any time, other than for the Company s benefit (to the extent permitted by law), unless and until such knowledge or information is in the public domain through no wrongful act by the employee(s). Employees must not, directly or indirectly, divulge or disclose to anyone (other than the Company or any of its affiliates or any person employed or designated by such entities who need to know), publish or make use of any Confidential Information without the Company s express prior written consent provided, however, that nothing shall prohibit or restrict an employee from participating, cooperating, or testifying in any action, investigation, or proceeding with, or providing information to, any governmental agency or legislative body, or any self-regulatory organization (collectively, the Regulators ). Employees may engage in such activities with the Regulators without notifying or obtaining prior authorization from the Company. 
 Nothing in this document is intended to interfere with or discourage a good faith disclosure to any governmental entity related to a suspected violation of the law. The employee cannot and will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for disclosing otherwise protected trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information as long as the disclosure is made in (i) confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, as long as such filing is made under seal. The Company will not retaliate against any employee in any way for a disclosure made in accordance with the law. In the event that the employee makes a disclosure, and the employee files a lawsuit against the Company alleging that the Company retaliated against the employee because of his or her disclosure, the employee may disclose the relevant trade secret or Confidential Information to his or her attorney and may use the trade secret or Confidential Information in the court proceeding only if (i) the employee ensures that any court filing that includes the trade secret or 

Confidential Information at issue is made under seal and (ii) the employee does not otherwise disclose the trade secret or Confidential Information except as required by court order. 
 
 Following the cessation of employment, employees shall deliver to the Company all documents or other materials in their possession, including all copies thereof, which contain or are derived from Confidential Information, and they shall not misappropriate, utilize, disclose or infringe upon the Confidential Information of the Company or any of its affiliates (including the recreation or reconstruction of Confidential Information from memory). At the Company s request, employees must delete or destroy any and all files and or backup files on any personal computer, telephone or storage device used for Company purposes, and, at the Company s request, deliver and or provide access to the Company to any such devices, cloud systems, disk, thumb and or flash drives for the Company s review and permit the Company to delete all Confidential or other Company proprietary material contained on such devices. Employees shall not analyze, reverse engineer, or otherwise seek to determine the composition or structure of any sample or device provided by the Company or the method by which such sample or device was created, except as specifically authorized by the Company in writing. All samples and devices, whether in whole or in pieces, shall be returned to the Company at its request. 
 
 A breach of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm and significant injury to the Company, the quantification of which is difficult to ascertain. Because such harm and injury could not be compensable by damages alone, the employee agrees that the Company shall have the right to enforce this Agreement by injunction (without the necessity of a bond or other security and without proving actual damages), specific performance, or other equitable relief without prejudice to any other rights and remedies available to the Company in the event of a breach of this Agreement. The employee acknowledges that (i) an immediate and irreparable injury would occur without a seizure order (ii) seizure of the Confidential Information would not interrupt the legitimate business operations of the employee and (iii) an injunction would not prevent the employee from entering into an employment relationship. You further agree that the Company shall be entitled to its reasonable fees and costs if a court of competent jurisdiction issues a preliminary or permanent injunction against you or a court of competent jurisdiction finds that you breached the terms of the Agreement. 
 The Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 DTSA governs the trade secret aspects of this Agreement. Otherwise, the validity, interpretation, and enforceability of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey and the United States of America without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Employees with questions regarding this Confidentiality Agreement or the Company s Confidentiality Policy including questions regarding whether any particular information constitutes Confidential Information, the public disclosure of which is prohibited hereunder, should contact their supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer. Employees who improperly use or disclose trade secrets or Confidential Information may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, as well as legal action, even if the employee does not actually benefit from the disclosed information. 
 You acknowledge that you (a) have carefully read and considered the provisions of this Confidentiality Agreement and the Company s Confidentiality Policy (b) have had a reasonable opportunity to consult with an independent legal counsel of your choosing, and (c) accept this Confidentiality Agreement on the terms set forth herein, intending to be legally bound. You understand that it is your responsibility to read and comply with its contents and any revisions made to it. 
 
 _ s DAVID M. BOWLER _______________________ Employee Signature 
 _ David M. Bowler __________________________ Employee Name (Print) 
 __ 7 31 2024_ _____________________________ Date 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement sets forth the agreements between you and AWIP Holdings LLC AWIP concerning any inventions you may make or works you may create in connection with your employment by American Water Works Company, Inc. or one of its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively, the Company and your treatment of the Company s confidential and proprietary information. You acknowledge and agree that you are signing this Agreement for good and adequate consideration including (a) your employment by or continuing employment by the Company (b) the access that the Company is providing you to certain confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets described below and (c) the Company s willingness to provide you with valuable opportunities, consideration and or benefits. 
 
 1.0 INVENTIONS . As used in this Agreement, the term Inventions means any and all inventions, ideas, and discoveries, including improvements, original works of authorship, designs, formulas, processes, methods, algorithms, computer programs or portions thereof, databases, trade secrets and proprietary information, documentation, and materials made, created, conceived or reduced to practice by you, whether alone or jointly with others. 
 
 a. Your Rights in Inventions 
 
 (i) Prior Inventions. In the space provided below, or on a separate sheet attached to this Agreement, you may list all Inventions (a) that you made prior to your employment by the Company (b) that you claim belong to you, or that you claim an ownership interest in, or that you claim any other legal right or title in and (c) in which you wish to retain any claimed ownership or other legal rights Prior Inventions ). If you do list such Prior Inventions, you hereby grant to AWIP a royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to any Prior Invention that is now or hereafter infringed by a Company product, process, or method of doing business (hereinafter AWIP Product if (i) you were involved in the development or implementation of that portion of the AWIP Product which infringes your Prior Invention, or (ii) you acquiesced or permitted other Company employees to utilize your Prior Invention in the course of their development or implementation of the AWIP Product, or (iii) upon first learning of the Company s use of your Prior Invention you do not immediately notify in writing the Company s Legal Department of the Company s infringing use of your Prior Invention and the need for a license thereto. If you do not list a Prior Invention, you acknowledge and agree that no such Prior Inventions exist and, to the extent such Prior Inventions do exist, you waive any and all rights or claims of ownership to such Prior Inventions. You understand that your listing of any Prior Invention(s) here does not constitute an acknowledgment by the Company of the existence or extent of such Prior Invention, nor of your ownership of such Prior Inventions. Please do not use this space to disclose an on-going business or project, or a product that you are developing and or distributing. 
 
 Prior Inventions (description and identifying number of patent, copyright, or patent or copyright application, if applicable) 
 
 Title Date 
 
 Brief Description of Invention 
 
 A separate sheet listing Prior Inventions is attached. 

(ii) Future Employee inventions. The Company acknowledges and agrees, in accordance with applicable state law, that any Inventions (a) that you develop entirely on your own time and (b) that you develop without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information and (c) that do not result from any work performed by you for the Company and (d) that do not relate, at the time of conception or reduction to practice, to the Company s business or products, or to the Company s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, will be owned entirely by you, even if developed by you during the time period in which you are employed by the Company. 
 
 b. AWIP s Rights In Inventions 
 
 (i) Assignment of Inventions to AWIP. You agree that all Inventions that (a) are developed using the equipment, supplies, facilities, or Proprietary Information of the Company or (b) result from or are suggested by work performed by you for the Company or (c) are conceived or reduced to practice during your employment by the Company and relate to the business and products, or to the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company AWIP Inventions ), are the sole and exclusive property of AWIP, and you hereby assign all your right, title and interest in such AWIP Inventions to AWIP. You agree to perform any and all acts requested by AWIP, if any, to perfect this assignment. 
 
 (ii) Disclosure. You agree to make full written disclosure promptly to your direct supervisor at AWIP of any and all AWIP Inventions, and provide access to all notes, materials, source code, or other items related to AWIP Inventions. 
 
 (iii) Assignment of Moral Rights to AWIP. In addition, to the extent permitted by law, you hereby transfer and assign any moral rights that you may have in any AWIP Invention(s) under any copyright or other law, whether U.S. or foreign. Moral rights are defined as (1) the right of attribution (give credit to the author) and (2) the right of integrity in the AWIP Invention (not do something with an AWIP Invention, such as change or add to it, that would have a negative impact on the author s reputation). You agree to waive and never to assert any such moral rights in AWIP Inventions during or after the cessation of your employment with by the Company. You agree that AWIP, its subsidiaries, and its licensees are not required to designate you as the author of any AWIP Inventions when distributed. You also agree that the Company retains sole discretion with regard to how and for what purposes, if any, such AWIP Invention(s) are used. 
 
 c. Work for Hire 
 
 You acknowledge that all original works of authorship that are made by you (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of your employment by the Company, and that are protectable by copyright, are works made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. 101). To the extent any works created by you within the scope of your employment cannot be characterized as a work made for hire, you hereby grant, assign and transfer to AWIP all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property in and to works. 
 
 d. Protection of AWIP Inventions 
 
 You agree (at AWIP s expense) to assist AWIP in every proper way to obtain and to help AWIP enforce patents, copyrights, and other legal protections for AWIP Inventions in any and all countries. You agree to promptly execute any documents that American Water may reasonably request, or perform such legal acts that may be required, for use in obtaining or enforcing such patents, copyrights, and other legal protections. 
 
 2.0 CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION . You understand that your employment by the Company creates a relationship of confidence and trust with respect to any information of a confidential, proprietary, and secret nature that may be disclosed to you or otherwise learned by you in the course of your employment at the Company, including but not limited to any confidential information of third parties disclosed to the Company. Such confidential, proprietary, and secret information includes, but is not limited to, information and material relating to past, present, or future Inventions, marketing plans, manufacturing and product plans, technical specifications, hardware designs and prototypes, business strategies, financial information, forecasts, personnel information, processes, methods, algorithms, and customer lists, and is referred to collectively in this Agreement as Proprietary Information. 

a. Confidentiality of Proprietary Information. You acknowledge and agree that your employment by the Company requires you to keep all Proprietary Information in confidence and trust for the tenure of your employment and thereafter, and that you will not use or disclose Proprietary Information without the written consent of the Company, except as necessary to perform your duties as an employee of the Company. Upon the cessation of your employment with the Company, you will promptly deliver to the Company all documents, electronically-stored information, materials and property of any kind pertaining to your work at the Company, and you agree that you will not take with you any documents, electronically-stored information, materials or copies thereof, or maintain access to such documents, information or materials, through online digital storage services, whether on paper, electronic media or storage devices, magnetic or optical media, or any other medium, containing any Proprietary Information. 
 
 3.0 PROTECTION OF INFORMATION OF OTHERS 
 
 a. Information of Others. You agree that during your employment by the Company and thereafter, you will not improperly use or disclose to the Company any confidential, or proprietary, or secret information of your former employer(s) or any other person(s). You further agree that you have not, and during your employment with the Company will not, bring any confidential, proprietary or secret information of your former employer(s) or any other person(s) onto the Company s property or place any such information on any of the Company s computer systems or servers. 
 
 4.0 NO CONFLICTING OBLIGATIONS 
 
 a. No Conflicting Outside Interests. You agree that during your employment by the Company you will not plan or engage in any other employment, occupations, consulting or other business activities or commitments competitive with or directly related to the Company s business or products, or to its actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your employment obligations to the Company. Activities and commitments as used herein do not include passive investments in stocks or other financial instruments. 
 
 b. No Conflicting Agreements. You represent to the Company that you have no other commitments that would hinder or prevent the full performance of your duties as a Company employee or your obligations under this Agreement, and you agree not to enter into any such conflicting agreement during your employment by the company. 
 
 c. Disclosure of Agreement. You hereby authorize the Company to notify others, including customers of the Company, and any future employers you may have, of the terms of this Agreement and your responsibilities under this Agreement. 
 
 5.0 PROTECTION OF COMPANY RELATIONSHIPS 
 
 If you are in a supervisory position, except for employees in a supervisory position in California, Illinois, and Oklahoma, during the period of your employment and for a period of one (1) year following the cessation of your employment, you will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, encourage, recruit, or take any action intended to induce Company employees or contractors to terminate their relationship with the Company. 
 
 6.0 NO IMPLIED EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS . You understand and agree that no term or provision of this Agreement confers upon you any rights to continued employment by the Company and that no term or provision of this Agreement obligates the Company to employ you for any specific period of time or interferes with or restricts your right or the Company s right to terminate your employment at any time for any reason and with or without notice, or the Company s right to terminate your employment for just cause in accordance with the applicable collective bargaining agreement if you are a union employee. 
 
 7.0 EQUITABLE RELIEF . A breach of the provisions of sections 1, 2 or 4 of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm and significant injury to the Company, the quantification of which is difficult to ascertain. Because such harm and injury could not be compensable by damages alone, you agree that the Company will have the right to enforce sections 1, 2 or 4 of this Agreement by injunction (without the necessity of a bond or other security and without proving actual damages), specific performance or other equitable relief in addition to any other rights and remedies available to the Company in the event of a breach of this Agreement. You further agree that the Company shall be entitled to its reasonable fees and costs if a court of competent jurisdiction issues a 

preliminary or permanent injunction against you or a court of competent jurisdiction finds that you breached the terms of the Agreement. 
 
 8.0 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 a. Severability. If one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is or are deemed void or unenforceable by law, then the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 b. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of New Jersey, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Any arbitration or judicial action between the parties relating to this Agreement will take place in Camden County, New Jersey, and you and the Company each consent to the personal jurisdiction of and venue in the state and federal courts within Camden County, New Jersey. 
 
 c. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon your heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives, and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor entity to the Company by operation of law or otherwise. 
 
 d. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, along with Company s CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY AND AGREEMENT of which you are also required to acknowledge receipt and understanding, sets forth the entire agreement between you and the Company relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. No modification to or amendment of this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing signed by both you and a Company officer. Any subsequent changes in your duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 
 
 e. Compliance with Laws. You agree that you will comply, and do all things necessary for the Company to comply, with the laws and regulations of all governments where the Company does business, and with provisions of contracts between any such government or its contractors and the Company. 

9.0 EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT . You acknowledge that you have carefully read and considered the provisions of this Agreement, have had a reasonable opportunity to consult with an independent legal counsel of your choosing, and accept this Agreement on the terms set forth herein, intending to be legally bound. 
 
 EMPLOYEE 
 
 __ s DAVID M. BOWLER ______________________ Employee Signature 
 
 __ David M. Bowler_ ________________________ 
 Employee Name (Print) 

_ 7 31 2024 ________________________________ 
 Date 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 6
 a2024q3ex-106_mitchellxevp.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 

Exhibit 10.6 
 August 1, 2024 
 
 Ms. Stacy Mitchell 
 REDACTED 
 REDACTED 
 
 Dear Stacy 
 
 On behalf of American Water Works Service Company, Inc., I am pleased to confirm your position of Executive Vice President and General Counsel reporting to John Griffith, President, at our Camden, New Jersey headquarters office. The effective date of your new position was Wednesday, June 5, 2024. We are confident that you will find your new position to be personally rewarding and one in which you can make significant contributions to the company. The terms of and compensation described in this offer letter are subject to the approval of the Executive Development & Compensation Committee (ED&CC) and will not be effective until the ED&CC approves it. 
 
 Safety, trust, teamwork, high performance, and environmental leadership define our culture a culture where every employee feels valued and lives up to his or her potential. Creating an environment where differences are embraced and where every person feels engaged and included makes us safer, stronger, and more successful. We believe that our success is based upon our employees having a vested interest in our business. As a part of our team, you will be tasked with helping make a great company even better in doing so, you will be rewarded for your contributions. The following is our offer to you 
 
 Base Salary Your new annual salary will be approximately 550,000.00, which will be paid on a bi-weekly basis in accordance with American Water s standard payroll practices and will be paid retroactive to the effective date of your new position. Your job performance will be reviewed annually as part of our performance management process, and you may be eligible for a merit increase in 2025. 
 
 APP Y our target award eligibility previously at 50 will change to 70 of your annual base salary. For reference purposes, the 2024 cycle covers the period beginning on 01 01 2024 through 12 31 2024 and target awards are prorated based on your effective date. Awards from the Annual Performance Plan are based on several company performance objectives, and payments may be higher or lower than target. 
 
 LTPP You remain eligible to receive a performance award under the 2024 American Water Long Term Performance Plan and your target opportunity under this plan will increase to 150 of your base salary. Effective August 1, 2024, you will receive a second set of grants that reflects the difference between your February 2024 grants and the grant amount based on your new base salary and LTPP target percentage. 
 
 For reference purposes, awards are currently granted under the terms and conditions of the Company s 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan ), in the form of restricted stock units and performance stock units. In the event of any conflict between your offer letter and the terms of the award grant documents and the Plan, the terms of the award documents and the Plan will govern. 
 
 Benefits Your current benefits will remain unchanged and in effect, including your vacation accrual. This change in your position is not an IRS Qualified Life Event allowing you to change your American Water benefit elections, however, it is a notable event in your life. Please take this opportunity to review your health and welfare benefits and 401(k) elections to see how this transition impacts your coverage (e.g., company paid life insurance amount, HSA election, 401(k) paycheck election, beneficiary designations, etc.). 
 
 I n addition to the benefits you currently hold, American Water believes your health is of critical importance for your family, our customers, shareholders, and the employees you lead. To help you take the best possible care of your health, we also have a company-sponsored Executive Health Program for our key leaders. The program focuses on your physical well-being and long-term health and consists of a thorough risk-factor analysis, advanced diagnostic screenings, extensive laboratory testing, and ongoing coaching and support. Additional services are available throughout the year, including voluntary primary care services. 

Ms. Stacy Mitchell 
 August 1, 2024 
 Page 2 

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation You will remain eligible to participate in our Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan. The Company may make Employer Matching and Defined Contribution Account contributions as soon as administratively practicable after the end of the applicable plan year. Under the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan, Employer Matching contributions are immediately vested Defined Contribution Account contributions will vest after five years of service. 
 
 As you will be a Section 16 officer of the Company, American Water may be required to disclose your compensation and or this offer letter in an SEC filing . Your signature below indicates your acceptance of our offer and your acknowledgment of this requirement of your position. 

We wish you the best of luck in your new role and future opportunities with American Water! 
 
 Sincerely, 

M. Susan Hardwick 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 American Water 
 
 cc Melanie Kennedy, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 I, Stacy Mitchell, understand that my employment with American Water is at will, which means that I am not guaranteed employment or any particular job for any specified period of time. The Company or I may terminate my employment at any time, for any or no reason, with or without cause. 
 
 __ s STACY MITCHELL _______________________________ 8 1 24 ___________________________________________ Signature Date 

CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY AND AGREEMENT 
 This Confidentiality Policy and Agreement Confidentiality Agreement set forth your understanding and agreement with the provisions below which discuss the Company s confidential and propriety information and trade secrets. You acknowledge and agree that you are signing this Confidentiality Agreement for good and adequate consideration including your employment by or continuing employment by American Water or one of its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company the access that the Company is providing you to certain confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets described below and the Company s willingness to provide you with valuable opportunities, consideration and or benefits. You further acknowledge that this Confidentially Agreement is in addition to existing American Water policies addressing the handling of sensitive information, cyber and information security. 
 The Company s Confidentiality Policy 
 The protection of confidential business information and trade secrets is vital to the interests and the success of the Company. In the course of employment with the Company, employees may create, discover or receive proprietary and or confidential information including, without limitation all information about markets, key personnel, operational methods, proprietary intellectual property, real property, plans for future developments, projects in the pipeline, bid information, manuals, books, training materials, forms and procedures, policies, customer or prospective customer lists, customer-related data, marketing plans and strategies, financial information, technical information, technical processes and methods, algorithms, documents relating to any of the foregoing, and other written and oral materials (whether electronic or on hard copy) which are related to the business of the Company (collectively, Confidential Information ). Confidential Information includes all forms and types of financial, business, scientific, technical, economic, or engineering information, including patterns, plans, compilations, program devices, formulas, designs, prototypes, methods, techniques, processes, procedures, programs, or codes, whether tangible or intangible, and whether or how stored, compiled, or memorialized physically, electronically, graphically, photographically, or in writing if -- (A) the Company has taken reasonable measures to keep such information secret and (B) the information derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable through proper means by, another person who can obtain economic value from the disclosure or use of the information. Confidential Information may also be material, non-public information as defined by federal securities laws and Company policy, both of which prohibit insider trading. Confidential Information may be contained in Company documents, computer programs, databases, investor documents, trading strategies and analytic models. Confidential Information is related to a product or service used, or intended for use, in interstate or foreign commerce. 
 Confidential Information must be protected as confidential and not copied, disclosed or used, directly or indirectly, at any time, other than for the Company s benefit (to the extent permitted by law), unless and until such knowledge or information is in the public domain through no wrongful act by the employee(s). Employees must not, directly or indirectly, divulge or disclose to anyone (other than the Company or any of its affiliates or any person employed or designated by such entities who need to know), publish or make use of any Confidential Information without the Company s express prior written consent provided, however, that nothing shall prohibit or restrict an employee from participating, cooperating, or testifying in any action, investigation, or proceeding with, or providing information to, any governmental agency or legislative body, or any self-regulatory organization (collectively, the Regulators ). Employees may engage in such activities with the Regulators without notifying or obtaining prior authorization from the Company. 
 Nothing in this document is intended to interfere with or discourage a good faith disclosure to any governmental entity related to a suspected violation of the law. The employee cannot and will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for disclosing otherwise protected trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information as long as the disclosure is made in (i) confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, as long as such filing is made under seal. The Company will not retaliate against any employee in any way for a disclosure made in accordance with the law. In the event that the employee makes a disclosure, and the employee files a lawsuit against the Company alleging that the Company retaliated against the employee because of his or her disclosure, the employee may disclose the relevant trade secret or Confidential Information to his or her attorney and may use the trade secret or Confidential Information in the court proceeding only if (i) the employee ensures that any court filing that includes the trade secret or 

Confidential Information at issue is made under seal and (ii) the employee does not otherwise disclose the trade secret or Confidential Information except as required by court order. 
 
 Following the cessation of employment, employees shall deliver to the Company all documents or other materials in their possession, including all copies thereof, which contain or are derived from Confidential Information, and they shall not misappropriate, utilize, disclose or infringe upon the Confidential Information of the Company or any of its affiliates (including the recreation or reconstruction of Confidential Information from memory). At the Company s request, employees must delete or destroy any and all files and or backup files on any personal computer, telephone or storage device used for Company purposes, and, at the Company s request, deliver and or provide access to the Company to any such devices, cloud systems, disk, thumb and or flash drives for the Company s review and permit the Company to delete all Confidential or other Company proprietary material contained on such devices. Employees shall not analyze, reverse engineer, or otherwise seek to determine the composition or structure of any sample or device provided by the Company or the method by which such sample or device was created, except as specifically authorized by the Company in writing. All samples and devices, whether in whole or in pieces, shall be returned to the Company at its request. 
 
 A breach of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm and significant injury to the Company, the quantification of which is difficult to ascertain. Because such harm and injury could not be compensable by damages alone, the employee agrees that the Company shall have the right to enforce this Agreement by injunction (without the necessity of a bond or other security and without proving actual damages), specific performance, or other equitable relief without prejudice to any other rights and remedies available to the Company in the event of a breach of this Agreement. The employee acknowledges that (i) an immediate and irreparable injury would occur without a seizure order (ii) seizure of the Confidential Information would not interrupt the legitimate business operations of the employee and (iii) an injunction would not prevent the employee from entering into an employment relationship. You further agree that the Company shall be entitled to its reasonable fees and costs if a court of competent jurisdiction issues a preliminary or permanent injunction against you or a court of competent jurisdiction finds that you breached the terms of the Agreement. 
 The Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 DTSA governs the trade secret aspects of this Agreement. Otherwise, the validity, interpretation, and enforceability of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey and the United States of America without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Employees with questions regarding this Confidentiality Agreement or the Company s Confidentiality Policy including questions regarding whether any particular information constitutes Confidential Information, the public disclosure of which is prohibited hereunder, should contact their supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer. Employees who improperly use or disclose trade secrets or Confidential Information may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment, as well as legal action, even if the employee does not actually benefit from the disclosed information. 
 You acknowledge that you (a) have carefully read and considered the provisions of this Confidentiality Agreement and the Company s Confidentiality Policy (b) have had a reasonable opportunity to consult with an independent legal counsel of your choosing, and (c) accept this Confidentiality Agreement on the terms set forth herein, intending to be legally bound. You understand that it is your responsibility to read and comply with its contents and any revisions made to it. 
 
 __ s STACY MITCHELL _______________________ Employee Signature 
 __ Stacy Mitchell ___________________________ Employee Name (Print) 
 __ 8 1 24_ ________________________________ Date 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 This Agreement sets forth the agreements between you and AWIP Holdings LLC AWIP concerning any inventions you may make or works you may create in connection with your employment by American Water Works Company, Inc. or one of its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively, the Company and your treatment of the Company s confidential and proprietary information. You acknowledge and agree that you are signing this Agreement for good and adequate consideration including (a) your employment by or continuing employment by the Company (b) the access that the Company is providing you to certain confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets described below and (c) the Company s willingness to provide you with valuable opportunities, consideration and or benefits. 
 
 1.0 INVENTIONS . As used in this Agreement, the term Inventions means any and all inventions, ideas, and discoveries, including improvements, original works of authorship, designs, formulas, processes, methods, algorithms, computer programs or portions thereof, databases, trade secrets and proprietary information, documentation, and materials made, created, conceived or reduced to practice by you, whether alone or jointly with others. 
 
 a. Your Rights in Inventions 
 
 (i) Prior Inventions. In the space provided below, or on a separate sheet attached to this Agreement, you may list all Inventions (a) that you made prior to your employment by the Company (b) that you claim belong to you, or that you claim an ownership interest in, or that you claim any other legal right or title in and (c) in which you wish to retain any claimed ownership or other legal rights Prior Inventions ). If you do list such Prior Inventions, you hereby grant to AWIP a royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license to any Prior Invention that is now or hereafter infringed by a Company product, process, or method of doing business (hereinafter AWIP Product if (i) you were involved in the development or implementation of that portion of the AWIP Product which infringes your Prior Invention, or (ii) you acquiesced or permitted other Company employees to utilize your Prior Invention in the course of their development or implementation of the AWIP Product, or (iii) upon first learning of the Company s use of your Prior Invention you do not immediately notify in writing the Company s Legal Department of the Company s infringing use of your Prior Invention and the need for a license thereto. If you do not list a Prior Invention, you acknowledge and agree that no such Prior Inventions exist and, to the extent such Prior Inventions do exist, you waive any and all rights or claims of ownership to such Prior Inventions. You understand that your listing of any Prior Invention(s) here does not constitute an acknowledgment by the Company of the existence or extent of such Prior Invention, nor of your ownership of such Prior Inventions. Please do not use this space to disclose an on-going business or project, or a product that you are developing and or distributing. 
 
 Prior Inventions (description and identifying number of patent, copyright, or patent or copyright application, if applicable) 
 
 Title Date 
 
 Brief Description of Invention 
 
 A separate sheet listing Prior Inventions is attached. 

(ii) Future Employee inventions. The Company acknowledges and agrees, in accordance with applicable state law, that any Inventions (a) that you develop entirely on your own time and (b) that you develop without using the Company s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information and (c) that do not result from any work performed by you for the Company and (d) that do not relate, at the time of conception or reduction to practice, to the Company s business or products, or to the Company s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, will be owned entirely by you, even if developed by you during the time period in which you are employed by the Company. 
 
 b. AWIP s Rights In Inventions 
 
 (i) Assignment of Inventions to AWIP. You agree that all Inventions that (a) are developed using the equipment, supplies, facilities, or Proprietary Information of the Company or (b) result from or are suggested by work performed by you for the Company or (c) are conceived or reduced to practice during your employment by the Company and relate to the business and products, or to the actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development of the Company AWIP Inventions ), are the sole and exclusive property of AWIP, and you hereby assign all your right, title and interest in such AWIP Inventions to AWIP. You agree to perform any and all acts requested by AWIP, if any, to perfect this assignment. 
 
 (ii) Disclosure. You agree to make full written disclosure promptly to your direct supervisor at AWIP of any and all AWIP Inventions, and provide access to all notes, materials, source code, or other items related to AWIP Inventions. 
 
 (iii) Assignment of Moral Rights to AWIP. In addition, to the extent permitted by law, you hereby transfer and assign any moral rights that you may have in any AWIP Invention(s) under any copyright or other law, whether U.S. or foreign. Moral rights are defined as (1) the right of attribution (give credit to the author) and (2) the right of integrity in the AWIP Invention (not do something with an AWIP Invention, such as change or add to it, that would have a negative impact on the author s reputation). You agree to waive and never to assert any such moral rights in AWIP Inventions during or after the cessation of your employment with by the Company. You agree that AWIP, its subsidiaries, and its licensees are not required to designate you as the author of any AWIP Inventions when distributed. You also agree that the Company retains sole discretion with regard to how and for what purposes, if any, such AWIP Invention(s) are used. 
 
 c. Work for Hire 
 
 You acknowledge that all original works of authorship that are made by you (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of your employment by the Company, and that are protectable by copyright, are works made for hire, as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. 101). To the extent any works created by you within the scope of your employment cannot be characterized as a work made for hire, you hereby grant, assign and transfer to AWIP all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property in and to works. 
 
 d. Protection of AWIP Inventions 
 
 You agree (at AWIP s expense) to assist AWIP in every proper way to obtain and to help AWIP enforce patents, copyrights, and other legal protections for AWIP Inventions in any and all countries. You agree to promptly execute any documents that American Water may reasonably request, or perform such legal acts that may be required, for use in obtaining or enforcing such patents, copyrights, and other legal protections. 
 
 2.0 CONFIDENTIAL AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION . You understand that your employment by the Company creates a relationship of confidence and trust with respect to any information of a confidential, proprietary, and secret nature that may be disclosed to you or otherwise learned by you in the course of your employment at the Company, including but not limited to any confidential information of third parties disclosed to the Company. Such confidential, proprietary, and secret information includes, but is not limited to, information and material relating to past, present, or future Inventions, marketing plans, manufacturing and product plans, technical specifications, hardware designs and prototypes, business strategies, financial information, forecasts, personnel information, processes, methods, algorithms, and customer lists, and is referred to collectively in this Agreement as Proprietary Information. 

a. Confidentiality of Proprietary Information. You acknowledge and agree that your employment by the Company requires you to keep all Proprietary Information in confidence and trust for the tenure of your employment and thereafter, and that you will not use or disclose Proprietary Information without the written consent of the Company, except as necessary to perform your duties as an employee of the Company. Upon the cessation of your employment with the Company, you will promptly deliver to the Company all documents, electronically-stored information, materials and property of any kind pertaining to your work at the Company, and you agree that you will not take with you any documents, electronically-stored information, materials or copies thereof, or maintain access to such documents, information or materials, through online digital storage services, whether on paper, electronic media or storage devices, magnetic or optical media, or any other medium, containing any Proprietary Information. 
 
 3.0 PROTECTION OF INFORMATION OF OTHERS 
 
 a. Information of Others. You agree that during your employment by the Company and thereafter, you will not improperly use or disclose to the Company any confidential, or proprietary, or secret information of your former employer(s) or any other person(s). You further agree that you have not, and during your employment with the Company will not, bring any confidential, proprietary or secret information of your former employer(s) or any other person(s) onto the Company s property or place any such information on any of the Company s computer systems or servers. 
 
 4.0 NO CONFLICTING OBLIGATIONS 
 
 a. No Conflicting Outside Interests. You agree that during your employment by the Company you will not plan or engage in any other employment, occupations, consulting or other business activities or commitments competitive with or directly related to the Company s business or products, or to its actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your employment obligations to the Company. Activities and commitments as used herein do not include passive investments in stocks or other financial instruments. 
 
 b. No Conflicting Agreements. You represent to the Company that you have no other commitments that would hinder or prevent the full performance of your duties as a Company employee or your obligations under this Agreement, and you agree not to enter into any such conflicting agreement during your employment by the company. 
 
 c. Disclosure of Agreement. You hereby authorize the Company to notify others, including customers of the Company, and any future employers you may have, of the terms of this Agreement and your responsibilities under this Agreement. 
 
 5.0 PROTECTION OF COMPANY RELATIONSHIPS 
 
 If you are in a supervisory position, except for employees in a supervisory position in California, Illinois, and Oklahoma, during the period of your employment and for a period of one (1) year following the cessation of your employment, you will not, directly or indirectly, solicit, encourage, recruit, or take any action intended to induce Company employees or contractors to terminate their relationship with the Company. 
 
 6.0 NO IMPLIED EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS . You understand and agree that no term or provision of this Agreement confers upon you any rights to continued employment by the Company and that no term or provision of this Agreement obligates the Company to employ you for any specific period of time or interferes with or restricts your right or the Company s right to terminate your employment at any time for any reason and with or without notice, or the Company s right to terminate your employment for just cause in accordance with the applicable collective bargaining agreement if you are a union employee. 
 
 7.0 EQUITABLE RELIEF . A breach of the provisions of sections 1, 2 or 4 of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm and significant injury to the Company, the quantification of which is difficult to ascertain. Because such harm and injury could not be compensable by damages alone, you agree that the Company will have the right to enforce sections 1, 2 or 4 of this Agreement by injunction (without the necessity of a bond or other security and without proving actual damages), specific performance or other equitable relief in addition to any other rights and remedies available to the Company in the event of a breach of this Agreement. You further agree that the Company shall be entitled to its reasonable fees and costs if a court of competent jurisdiction issues a 

preliminary or permanent injunction against you or a court of competent jurisdiction finds that you breached the terms of the Agreement. 
 
 8.0 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 a. Severability. If one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is or are deemed void or unenforceable by law, then the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. 
 
 b. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state of New Jersey, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Any arbitration or judicial action between the parties relating to this Agreement will take place in Camden County, New Jersey, and you and the Company each consent to the personal jurisdiction of and venue in the state and federal courts within Camden County, New Jersey. 
 
 c. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon your heirs, executors, administrators and other legal representatives, and will be for the benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns. You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor entity to the Company by operation of law or otherwise. 
 
 d. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, along with Company s CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY AND AGREEMENT of which you are also required to acknowledge receipt and understanding, sets forth the entire agreement between you and the Company relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. No modification to or amendment of this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing signed by both you and a Company officer. Any subsequent changes in your duties, salary or compensation will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. 
 
 e. Compliance with Laws. You agree that you will comply, and do all things necessary for the Company to comply, with the laws and regulations of all governments where the Company does business, and with provisions of contracts between any such government or its contractors and the Company. 

9.0 EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT . You acknowledge that you have carefully read and considered the provisions of this Agreement, have had a reasonable opportunity to consult with an independent legal counsel of your choosing, and accept this Agreement on the terms set forth herein, intending to be legally bound. 
 
 EMPLOYEE 
 
 __ s STACY MITCHELL ______________________ 
 Employee Signature 
 
 __Stacy Mitchell ___________________________ 
 Employee Name (Print) 

__ 8 1 24 ________________________________ Date 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 7
 a2024q3ex-107_omnibusamend.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 

Exhibit 10.7 
 OMNIBUS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 2017 OMNIBUS EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 2022, 2023 AND 2024 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANTS 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 hereby serves to amend certain outstanding RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANTS to each of the participants in the Plan (as defined below) whose names are set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (each, a Participant ), and with such dates of grant (each, a Date of Grant as set forth on Exhibit A opposite each such Participant s name, and is delivered by American Water Works Company, Inc. (the Company ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Committee (as defined in the American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan )) has granted to each Participant grants of Restricted Stock Units (each, a Grant ), effective as of each Date of Grant as described above, for shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share (the Company Stock 
 WHEREAS, Section 14(b) of the Plan authorizes the Committee to permit the withholding of Company Stock to satisfy the Company s tax withholding obligations Tax Withholding Obligations with respect to each Grant, at a withholding rate for federal (including FICA), state and local tax liabilities no greater than the maximum rate permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as applied to the Company (the Maximum Withholding Rate and 
 WHEREAS, Section 15 of each Grant permits the withholding of Company Stock to satisfy Tax Withholding Obligations at a withholding rate that does not exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for such tax liabilities and 
 WHEREAS, Section 3(b) of the Plan permits the Committee, subject to certain limitations, to amend the terms and conditions of any previously issued Grant, and Section 11 of each Grant provides that (i) in the event of any contradictions, distinctions or differences between a Grant and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control, and (ii) the Grant is subject to the interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan established from time to time by the Committee in accordance with the Plan, including, but not limited to, the rights and obligations of Participants with respect to withholding taxes and 
 WHEREAS, in light of the contradictions, distinctions and differences between Section 14(b) of the Plan and Section 15 of each Grant, and to establish a determination of the rights and obligations of Participants with respect to withholding taxes that is consistent with the Plan, the Committee has approved, in accordance with Section 3(b) of the Plan, an amendment with respect to each Grant to permit the satisfaction of Tax Withholding Obligations by withholding Company Stock at a rate no greater than the Maximum Withholding Rate. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Committee has approved the amendment and modification of each Grant as follows 
 1. Amendment to Provision of Grant Related to Tax Withholding Obligations . Section 15 of each Grant is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 15. Withholding . The Participant shall be required to pay to the Employer, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Employer to provide for the payment of, any federal, state, local or other taxes that the Employer is required to withhold with respect to the grant, vesting and redemption of the Restricted Stock Units and payment of dividend equivalents. Any tax withholding obligation of the Employer with respect to the redemption of the Restricted Stock Units may be satisfied by having shares of Company Stock withheld for federal (including FICA), state, local and other tax liabilities, up to an amount that does not exceed the maximum rate permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 2. No Other Amendments . All other terms, conditions and requirements of the Plan and each Grant shall remain in full force and effect, and no other amendment or modification is or shall be made hereby. 
 3. Participant Notice . The Participant shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Amendment No. 1, notwithstanding any lack of personal notice or delivery thereof to the Participant. 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment No. 1 to each Grant to be executed, effective as of September 24, 2024. 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 
 
 By M. Susan Hardwick 
 
 Its Chief Executive Officer 
 
 3 

EXHIBIT A 
 COVERED PARTICIPANTS AND DATES OF GRANT 
 Participant Dates of Grant David M. Bowler 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 John C. Griffith 
 May 16, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 M. Susan Hardwick 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 and February 13, 2024 Melanie M. Kennedy 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 and February 13, 2024 Stacy A. Mitchell 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 Cheryl Norton 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 Melissa K. Wikle 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and May 15, 2024 
 
 4 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 8
 a2024q3ex-108_omnibusamend.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 

Exhibit 10.8 
 OMNIBUS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 2017 OMNIBUS EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 2022, 2023 AND 2024 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT GRANTS 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 hereby serves to amend certain outstanding PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT GRANTS to each of the participants in the Plan (as defined below) whose names are set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (each, a Participant ), and with such dates of grant (each, a Date of Grant as set forth on Exhibit A opposite each such Participant s name, and is delivered by American Water Works Company, Inc. (the Company ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Committee (as defined in the American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan )) has granted to each Participant grants of Performance Stock Units with respect to the Company s relative total stockholder return performance goal, as described therein (each, a Grant ), effective as of each Date of Grant as described above, for shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share (the Company Stock 
 WHEREAS, Section 14(b) of the Plan authorizes the Committee to permit the withholding of Company Stock to satisfy the Company s tax withholding obligations Tax Withholding Obligations with respect to each Grant, at a withholding rate for federal (including FICA), state and local tax liabilities no greater than the maximum rate permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as applied to the Company (the Maximum Withholding Rate and 
 WHEREAS, Section 16 of each Grant permits the withholding of Company Stock to satisfy Tax Withholding Obligations at a withholding rate that does not exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for such tax liabilities and 
 WHEREAS, Section 3(b) of the Plan permits the Committee, subject to certain limitations, to amend the terms and conditions of any previously issued Grant, and Section 12 of each Grant provides that (i) in the event of any contradictions, distinctions or differences between a Grant and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control, and (ii) the Grant is subject to the interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan established from time to time by the Committee in accordance with the Plan, including, but not limited to, the rights and obligations of Participants with respect to withholding taxes and 
 WHEREAS, in light of the contradictions, distinctions and differences between Section 14(b) of the Plan and Section 16 of each Grant, and to establish a determination of the rights and obligations of Participants with respect to withholding taxes that is consistent with the Plan, the Committee has approved, in accordance with Section 3(b) of the Plan, an amendment with 

respect to each Grant to permit the satisfaction of Tax Withholding Obligations by withholding Company Stock at a rate no greater than the Maximum Withholding Rate. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Committee has approved the amendment and modification of each Grant as follows 
 1. Amendment to Provision of Grant Related to Tax Withholding Obligations . Section 16 of each Grant is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 16. Withholding . The Participant shall be required to pay to the Employer, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Employer to provide for the payment of, any federal, state, local or other taxes that the Employer is required to withhold with respect to the grant, vesting and distribution of the Performance Units and payment of dividend equivalents. Any tax withholding obligation of the Employer with respect to the distribution of shares of Company Stock pursuant to the Performance Units that are earned by the Participant under this Grant may be satisfied by having shares of Company Stock withheld for federal (including FICA), state, local and other tax liabilities, up to an amount that does not exceed the maximum rate permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 2. No Other Amendments . All other terms, conditions and requirements of the Plan and each Grant shall remain in full force and effect, and no other amendment or modification is or shall be made hereby. 
 3. Participant Notice . The Participant shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Amendment No. 1, notwithstanding any lack of personal notice or delivery thereof to the Participant. 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment No. 1 to each Grant to be executed, effective as of September 24, 2024. 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 
 
 By M. Susan Hardwick 
 
 Its Chief Executive Officer 
 
 3 

EXHIBIT A 
 COVERED PARTICIPANTS AND DATES OF GRANT 
 Participant Dates of Grant David M. Bowler 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 John C. Griffith 
 May 16, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 M. Susan Hardwick 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 and February 13, 2024 Melanie M. Kennedy 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 and February 13, 2024 Stacy A. Mitchell 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 Cheryl Norton 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 Melissa K. Wikle 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 and February 13, 2024 
 
 4 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 9
 a2024q3ex-109_omnibusamend.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 

Exhibit 10.9 
 OMNIBUS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 2017 OMNIBUS EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 2022, 2023 AND 2024 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT GRANTS 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 hereby serves to amend certain outstanding PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT GRANTS to each of the participants in the Plan (as defined below) whose names are set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (each, a Participant ), and with such dates of grant (each, a Date of Grant as set forth on Exhibit A opposite each such Participant s name, and is delivered by American Water Works Company, Inc. (the Company ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Committee (as defined in the American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan )) has granted to each Participant grants of Performance Stock Units with respect to the achievement of the Company s compounded earnings per share growth goal, as described therein (each, a Grant ), effective as of each Date of Grant as described above, for shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share (the Company Stock 
 WHEREAS, Section 14(b) of the Plan authorizes the Committee to permit the withholding of Company Stock to satisfy the Company s tax withholding obligations Tax Withholding Obligations with respect to each Grant, at a withholding rate for federal (including FICA), state and local tax liabilities no greater than the maximum rate permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as applied to the Company (the Maximum Withholding Rate and 
 WHEREAS, Section 16 of each Grant permits the withholding of Company Stock to satisfy Tax Withholding Obligations at a withholding rate that does not exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for such tax liabilities and 
 WHEREAS, Section 3(b) of the Plan permits the Committee, subject to certain limitations, to amend the terms and conditions of any previously issued Grant, and Section 12 of each Grant provides that (i) in the event of any contradictions, distinctions or differences between a Grant and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control, and (ii) the Grant is subject to the interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan established from time to time by the Committee in accordance with the Plan, including, but not limited to, the rights and obligations of Participants with respect to withholding taxes and 
 WHEREAS, in light of the contradictions, distinctions and differences between Section 14(b) of the Plan and Section 16 of each Grant, and to establish a determination of the rights and obligations of Participants with respect to withholding taxes that is consistent with the Plan, the Committee has approved, in accordance with Section 3(b) of the Plan, an amendment with 

respect to each Grant to permit the satisfaction of Tax Withholding Obligations by withholding Company Stock at a rate no greater than the Maximum Withholding Rate. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Committee has approved the amendment and modification of each Grant as follows 
 1. Amendment to Provision of Grant Related to Tax Withholding Obligations . Section 16 of each Grant is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 16. Withholding . The Participant shall be required to pay to the Employer, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Employer to provide for the payment of, any federal, state, local or other taxes that the Employer is required to withhold with respect to the grant, vesting and distribution of the Performance Units and payment of dividend equivalents. Any tax withholding obligation of the Employer with respect to the distribution of shares of Company Stock pursuant to the Performance Units that are earned by the Participant under this Grant may be satisfied by having shares of Company Stock withheld for federal (including FICA), state, local and other tax liabilities, up to an amount that does not exceed the maximum rate permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 2. No Other Amendments . All other terms, conditions and requirements of the Plan and each Grant shall remain in full force and effect, and no other amendment or modification is or shall be made hereby. 
 3. Participant Notice . The Participant shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Amendment No. 1, notwithstanding any lack of personal notice or delivery thereof to the Participant. 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment No. 1 to each Grant to be executed, effective as of September 24, 2024. 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 
 
 By M. Susan Hardwick 
 
 Its Chief Executive Officer 
 
 3 

EXHIBIT A 
 COVERED PARTICIPANTS AND DATES OF GRANT 
 Participant Dates of Grant David M. Bowler 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 John C. Griffith 
 May 16, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 M. Susan Hardwick 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 and February 13, 2024 Melanie M. Kennedy 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 and February 13, 2024 Stacy A. Mitchell 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 Cheryl Norton 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 Melissa K. Wikle 
 February 15, 2022 February 14, 2023 and February 13, 2024 
 
 4 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 10
 a2024q3ex-1010_omnibusamen.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 

Exhibit 10.10 
 OMNIBUS AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 2017 OMNIBUS EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 2024 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT GRANTS 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 1 hereby serves to amend certain outstanding PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT GRANTS to each of the participants in the Plan (as defined below) whose names are set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (each, a Participant ), and with such dates of grant (each, a Date of Grant as set forth on Exhibit A opposite each such Participant s name, and is delivered by American Water Works Company, Inc. (the Company ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Committee (as defined in the American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan )) has granted to each Participant one or more grants of Performance Stock Units with respect to the achievement of the Company s return on equity goal, as described therein (each, a Grant ), effective as of each Date of Grant as described above, for shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share (the Company Stock 
 WHEREAS, Section 14(b) of the Plan authorizes the Committee to permit the withholding of Company Stock to satisfy the Company s tax withholding obligations Tax Withholding Obligations with respect to each Grant, at a withholding rate for federal (including FICA), state and local tax liabilities no greater than the maximum rate permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as applied to the Company (the Maximum Withholding Rate and 
 WHEREAS, Section 16 of each Grant permits the withholding of Company Stock to satisfy Tax Withholding Obligations at a withholding rate that does not exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for such tax liabilities and 
 WHEREAS, Section 3(b) of the Plan permits the Committee, subject to certain limitations, to amend the terms and conditions of any previously issued Grant, and Section 12 of each Grant provides that (i) in the event of any contradictions, distinctions or differences between a Grant and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control, and (ii) the Grant is subject to the interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan established from time to time by the Committee in accordance with the Plan, including, but not limited to, the rights and obligations of Participants with respect to withholding taxes and 
 WHEREAS, in light of the contradictions, distinctions and differences between Section 14(b) of the Plan and Section 16 of each Grant, and to establish a determination of the rights and obligations of Participants with respect to withholding taxes that is consistent with the Plan, the Committee has approved, in accordance with Section 3(b) of the Plan, an amendment with 

respect to each Grant to permit the satisfaction of Tax Withholding Obligations by withholding Company Stock at a rate no greater than the Maximum Withholding Rate. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Committee has approved the amendment and modification of each Grant as follows 
 1. Amendment to Provision of Grant Related to Tax Withholding Obligations . Section 16 of each Grant is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 16. Withholding . The Participant shall be required to pay to the Employer, or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Employer to provide for the payment of, any federal, state, local or other taxes that the Employer is required to withhold with respect to the grant, vesting and distribution of the Performance Units and payment of dividend equivalents. Any tax withholding obligation of the Employer with respect to the distribution of shares of Company Stock pursuant to the Performance Units that are earned by the Participant under this Grant may be satisfied by having shares of Company Stock withheld for federal (including FICA), state, local and other tax liabilities, up to an amount that does not exceed the maximum rate permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 2. No Other Amendments . All other terms, conditions and requirements of the Plan and each Grant shall remain in full force and effect, and no other amendment or modification is or shall be made hereby. 
 3. Participant Notice . The Participant shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Amendment No. 1, notwithstanding any lack of personal notice or delivery thereof to the Participant. 
 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment No. 1 to each Grant to be executed, effective as of September 24, 2024. 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 
 
 By M. Susan Hardwick 
 
 Its Chief Executive Officer 
 
 3 

EXHIBIT A 
 COVERED PARTICIPANTS AND DATES OF GRANT 
 Participant Dates of Grant David M. Bowler 
 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 John C. Griffith 
 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 M. Susan Hardwick 
 February 13, 2024 Melanie M. Kennedy 
 February 13, 2024 Stacy A. Mitchell 
 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 Cheryl Norton 
 February 13, 2024 and August 1, 2024 Melissa K. Wikle 
 February 13, 2024 
 
 4 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 a2024q3ex-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 (Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 I, M. Susan Hardwick, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of American Water Works Company, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 By s M. SUSAN HARDWICK M. Susan Hardwick Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 a2024q3ex-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 (Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 I, David M. Bowler, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of American Water Works Company, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 30, 2024 
 By s DAVID M. BOWLER David M. Bowler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 a2024q3ex-321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report of American Water Works Company, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, M. Susan Hardwick, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s M. SUSAN HARDWICK M. Susan Hardwick Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 30, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 a2024q3ex-322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the quarterly report of American Water Works Company, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David M. Bowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 By s DAVID M. BOWLER David M. Bowler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) October 30, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 awk-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 awk-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 awk-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 awk-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 awk-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

